job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Sr. Software Engineer/Architect	The DEI Group	Millersville, MD	$100,000 - $130,000 a year	Senior Software Engineer works as part of an aggressive team, comprised of software engineers as well as machinery engineers involved with designing, developing, and testing complex software applications related to integration of real-time sensor based machinery predictive analytics with a transactional equipment information database, producing web based BI dash-board views.Responsibilities: · Develop high-quality software design and architecture· Design and develop full stack software applications· Convert client’s high level requirements into functional workflows and data models. Convert functional requirements into associated software design.· Develop software and documentation, as derived from the functional requirements definitions and the selected design approach.· Collaborate with other professionals to determine functional and non-functional requirements for new software or applications· Develop high-level product specifications with attention to architectural efficiency, system integration, and functionality in line with defined customer requirements· Coordinate cross-functionally to ensure projects meets business objectives and compliance standards· Develop test plans for performing multi-level software testing against design· Support test and deployment of new products and featuresRequirements: · BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering· At least 7 years experience in software architecture design, development, testing, and documentation· Experience in C# based software, developed in the ASP.Net Framework.· Experience in MS SQL and Oracle DB.· (Preferred) Experience in InfluxDB and InfluxQL· Experience in web development tools jQuery, Ajax, Infragistics, Mindfusion, HighCharts, and Bootstrap.· Understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle Methodology· Outstanding communication and presentation abilities· Excellent knowledge of software and application design and architecture· A technical mindset with great attention to detail· Outstanding communication and presentation abilities· Ability to work as a team memberJob Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $130,000.00 per yearExperience:Software Engineering: 7 years (Required)Location:Millersville, MD (Required)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:The DEI GroupBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
Senior Broadcast Engineer	RT America	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$68,889 - $130,000 a year	T&R Productions/RT America has an immediate opening for a full-time Senior Broadcast Engineer in Washington DC to work in the latest in broadcast technology. Candidates for this position should have a broadcast background, 21st century skill set, and a team-oriented attitude.Responsibilities: · Responsible for hands-on technical and project support of audio and broadcast infrastructure systems for live studio broadcast events and post-production activities.· Install, test, upgrade, maintain, and repair television broadcast equipment.· Assume the role of the Chief Engineer in his or her absence.· Ensure that any engineering or technical problems reported by staff members is appropriately addressed.· Ensure engineering staff receive training in areas needed to enhance proficiency.· Liaise with vendors and IT personnel or engineering staff to achieve problem resolution.· Troubleshoot video, audio and IT issues and provide rapid resolutions.· Provide end users with professional and timely technical support.· Quickly and accurately troubleshoot issues in a high pressure, fast paced environment.· Execute and complete projects with minimal supervision.Job Requirements: · Strong knowledge of broadcast systems and signal workflow.· Familiarity with Grass Valley broadcast switchers, Lawo broadcast audio consoles, Ikegami broadcast cameras, Riedel intercom systems, video and audio patch panels, Shotoku robotic camera equipment, and Evertz routing switcher and distribution equipment.· Ability to prioritize and complete tasks on time and with quality.· Ability to lift up to 50 lbs and work at heights from ladders or similar equipment.Qualifications: · Minimum of an Associates degree in Electronics, Broadcasting or related field.· Five to ten years of engineering experience in a television environment.· SBE certification desired but not required.· Excellent verbal and written communication skills.To Apply: This is a full-time position in Washington DC. We offer a highly competitive salary benefit package.Job Type: Full-timePay: $68,889.00 - $130,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
Senior Network Engineer - Fortinet	Single Point Global, Inc.	Vienna, VA 22182	From $85,000 a year	SinglePoint Global serves the needs of customers around the globe with a diversified suite of IT services. Our core values involve delivering defined solutions, steadfast expertise, and outstanding support — all of which combine together to push our customer’s IT, and in-turn their business, to become more productive, efficient, and profitableWe are seeking a Senior Network Engineer - Fortinet for our clients based in Vienna, VA. The successful candidate is a talented, passionate individual with the skill and desire to design, deliver, and maintain an outstanding network infrastructure for the college. This position requires occasional work outside of normal business hours.Duties and TasksDesign, configure, deploy, and maintain the network infrastructure throughout the college including, but not limited to, campus and data center routing and switching, wireless, load balancers, VoIP systems, and firewalls.Work directly with a variety of campus community members to determine needs and develop enterprise network solutionsResponsible for always maintaining a professional attitude and delivering excellent customer service.Troubleshoot and debug network issues.Automate network monitoring to provide a proactive approach to mitigate network issues.Create and maintain documentation of policies and procedures, diagrams, and other technical documentation.Flexible schedule including the ability to work weekends and evenings on occasion.Support the on-site installation efforts of the team.Other duties as required or assigned by management.SkillsAbility to design robust, scalable enterprise and campus networks following industry best practices.Working knowledge of Fortinet Mid-Range and Enterprise Nextgen FirewallsExperience with both on-premise and cloud-based VoIP solutionsStrong knowledge of networking protocols such as: TCP/IP, OSI model, SNMP, DHCP, BGP, OSPF, and IPSecExperience designing and leading the implementation of large-scale projectsSelf-motivated with the ability to follow directions, complete time-sensitive tasks and meet deadlines with minimal supervisionExcellent interpersonal and customer service skills with a true desire to help fellow employees and campus visitorsProven ability to learn new technologiesExperienceAt least 5 years of experience designing, installing, and supporting large scale enterprise environments with diverse solutions from multiple vendorsKnowledge or product offerings from large enterprise networking vendors and service providers including: Cisco, Palo Alto, F5 Networks, CenturyLink, and PRTGExperience with drawing/reading network and wiring diagrams. Experience with Microsoft Visio a plus.Familiarity with IT governance standards and practices including ITIL framework and change management processes.Excellent communication and presentation skills (written and verbal)Ability to work well in a fast-paced professional office environmentStrong attention to detail, highly organizedBA/BS degree in computer science or information management preferredJob Type: Full-timePay: From $85,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayAbility to Commute/Relocate:Vienna, VA 22182 (Preferred)Application Question(s):Are you willing to work onsite full time (no telework)?Experience:Fortinet Firewall: 5 years (Required)Cisco Networking: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
Cloud Implementation Engineer	RavenTek	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	None	"Description:

RavenTek has a current opening for a Cloud Implementation Engineer to Support the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program to reengineer existing integration to maximize the use of cloud capabilities including containers and other cloud applications with the result of full scalability in the horizontal and vertical environments. The Cloud Implementation Engineer will integrate SQA environment on AWS that will be leveraged to produce preproduction and production environments for DMLSS on the cloud.
. Requirements:
Required Security Clearance: US Citizen with the ability to obtain a Public Trust.
Qualifications Requirements:Create strategies and plans for integration of multiple IT systems/subsystems into an operational unit, ensuring full functional and performance capabilities are retained.
Coordinate with development and user teams to assess risks, goals, and needs and ensure that all are adequately addressed.
Must be experienced in introducing new hardware or software into a new or existing environment while minimizing disruption and mitigating risks.
Must be cost conscience when addressing goals.Familiarity with AWS and intersystem productsExperience with integration of complex systemsExperience with SQA Integration and development
Experience with HealthConnect

Required Education and Experience:Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or equivalentMinimum of 15 years of experience. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirements.
Preferred Qualifications:VA experience preferred.Experience implementing Electronic Health Records
Employment Type: Full Time / Permanent

Working Conditions:
This position is fully remote.
Physical Requirements:
Sitting long periods of time.
Background Screening/Check/Investigation:
Successful Completion of a Background Screening/Check/Investigation will/may be required as a condition of hire.
ADA: RavenTek will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
EEO/AA: RavenTek does not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, height, weight, or marital status in employment or the provision of services and is an equal access/equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
PM20
PI138461829"	6252	Washington
Senior Systems Engineer	River Front Services, Inc.	Chantilly, VA 20151	From $140,000 a year	This job supports the Department of Homeland Security Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.Job SummaryIncumbent will apply broad systems engineering experience to activities supporting government IT security (80% software, 20% hardware) full lifecycle, from initial request through decommissioning.Translates wants and needs to requirements, prepare epics and consults on user stories.Reviews requested changes for their place in the overall system architecture and design.Develops cost/benefit analysis.Recommends process improvements and best practices.Required Education, Experience, & SkillsActive US Government Secret clearanceMin 7 yrs (with bachelors degree) work experience across multiple systems engineering domains.Requirements traceability experienceScaled Agile Framework (SAFe) experienceModel Based Systems EngineeringFamiliarity with cloud concepts including within government environmentsJob Type: Full-timePay: From $140,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payExperience:System architecture using frameworks such as TOGAF/DODAF: 4 years (Required)Transition to operations and maintenance: 4 years (Required)Creating domain and information exchange models: 2 years (Required)Test and evaluation: 2 years (Required)Conceptual/logical data models using tools -ERWIN, SA, etc.: 4 years (Required)Requirements development: 7 years (Required)Systems engineering: 7 years (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	6252	Washington
Sr. Systems Engineer	Odgers Berndtson	Washington, DC	None	Build and maintain a virtual server infrastructureSupport and manage Level 3 help desk ticketsCreate and maintain network and security infrastructure within business environmentsSupport existing Cisco Meraki infrastructureNon-technical tasks including (but not exclusively); cabling, hardware inventory and office user moves.Lead large-scale technology upgrade and migration projects from design through turnoverSetup and configure desk phones/softphones and other network equipmentIdentify problems which require additional expertise and escalate to Senior Engineer.Coordinate system maintenance and infrastructure projects with lead engineer.Provide level 3 software and hardware support to all Partners, Principals, and Support Staff.Communicate to management the progress of projects from receipt to closure.Respond to user inquiries both remotely and face-to-face according to help desk procedures, providing support across a range of hardware and software products.Knowledge of Cisco Meraki environments is a plusCCNA certified is a plusReports directly to the US Head of IT.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Relevant: 3 years (Preferred)Additional Compensation:BonusesWork Location:One locationBenefits offered:Paid time offHealth insuranceDental insuranceRetirement benefits or accountsGym memberships or discountsWorkplace perks such as food/coffee and flexible work schedulesOthers	6252	Washington
Cloud Infrastructure Architect	Deloitte	Arlington, VA	None	"Cloud Infrastructure Architect
Do you want to be at the forefront of Deloitte's emerging cloud practice? We're looking for exceptional problem-solvers to help address our clients' most compelling Cloud needs. You will work along-side top engineers and technical thought leaders building Cloud solutions helping shape the future of global enterprises. You will be at the heart of the technical solutioning and leading edge product development.
Work you'll do:
Lead/support technical teams to architect, build, and deploy cloud solutions across public, private and hybrid cloud environments to support enterprise clients. Cloud Infrastructure Architects are responsible for designing, maintaining and troubleshooting the client's infrastructure, cloud services, network, and infrastructure security. Architects will work closely with other cloud teams, project managers, engineers, and other functions.
Responsibilities include:
Oversee cloud infrastructure design and develop detailed architecture models for the client to host test, development, and production environments
Plan for system and application migration(s) to the cloud, adhering to the client's technical and business requirements
Develop and document technical designs for integration and implementation of new cloud applications and systems
Optimize cost of cloud solutions by identifying waste and automating cloud cost management
Lead the development of technical artifacts including Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM), Detailed Technical Design, Security Architecture Plan, Services Description Document, etc.
Plan and develop support processes that adhere to best practices (ITIL)
Communicate effectively through strong written and oral communication skills for technical and non-technical audiences
Integrate with non-cloud technologies and third-party vendor products/services
Assess emerging technologies, stay abreast of industry trends, and give advice on investments prices versus performance
Experience with highly-available and fault-tolerant enterprise and web-scale software deployments
Certifications (Desired): Google - Professional Cloud Architect; AWS - Solutions Architect - Professional; Azure - MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure (Infrastructure Focus); VMware - VCAP/VCDX Data Center Virtualization
The Team:
Cloud Engineering
Our Cloud Engineering team focuses on enabling our client's end-to-end journey from On-Premise to Cloud, with opportunities in the areas of: Cloud Strategy, Op Model Transformation, Cloud Development, Cloud Integration & APIs, Cloud Migration, Cloud Infrastructure & Engineering, and Cloud Managed Services. We help our clients see the transformational capabilities of Cloud as an opportunity for business enablement and competitive advantage.
Cloud Engineering supports our clients as they improve agility and resilience, and identifies opportunities to reduce IT operations spend through automation by enabling Cloud. We accelerate our clients towards a technology-driven future, leveraging vendor solutions and Deloitte-developed software products, tools, and accelerators.
Qualifications
Required:

Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university
Ability to obtain US Government Security clearance
5+ years software or infrastructure architecture experience
1+ years experience with micro-services architecture
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need
for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future

Preferred:

Knowledge of EA principles and methodologies
Experience with Servers, Infrastructure, Platform Sizing, Infrastructure Cost Reduction
Possess any additional certifications (one or more) for the design/development of distributed solutions on a leading infrastructure platform such as:
IBM Certified Solution Architect - Cloud Computing Infrastructure v3
Google Cloud Platform Qualified Developer
Mirosoft Azure Solutions Architect
VMWare Certifications (Data Center Virtualization, Cloud Management and Automation, Network Virtualization)
Red Hat Certified Architect
Possess a certification for the architecture and implementation of solutions on a leading distributed software platform (e.g., Salesforce Technical Architect Certification)
How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center .
Benefits
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
Deloitte's culture
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.
Corporate citizenship
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte's impact on the world.
Recruiter tips
We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you're applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.
#LI-GPS
#IND:GPS
gpscbo
CloudGPS"	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Arthur Grand Technologies Inc	Arlington, VA	None	"Company Description
Arthur Grand Technologies is in the business of providing staffing and technology consulting services. We have doubled our revenue year over year for the past 5 years. This speaks to the long-lasting relationship and customer satisfaction that we have built in this short span of time. Our company is managed by a team of professionals who worked for big 5 consulting firms for 20+ years.
We are a minority owned staff augmentation and technology consulting company.
To keep our valued employees, we need to keep them engaged in challenging, interesting work, offer market-relevant benefits, and provide continued opportunities for professional growth.

Job Description
Position: Cloud Engineer
Location: Arlington, VA (This will be remote till covid but need to be onsite if client ask)
Duration: Full-Time
Clearance Level - Must Be Able to Obtain Public Trust
Responsibilities include:
Design solutions that ensure maximum flexibility and scalability, while meeting all required security controls.
Support the development of all required documentation necessary to support the engineering, security, and operational processes.
Perform business and technical alternative analysis for any/all aspects of the solution, aiding the customer is making decisions along the way.
Facilitate the transition of the solution to operations, initially and ongoing ensuring at all times the system is operating within the anticipated operating boundaries.
Required Education, Experience, & Skills
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other Engineering or Technical discipline or equivalent relevant experience
At least five (5-7) years of professional IT experience performing duties in support of federal government agencies.
4+ years design, implementation and/or support of highly distributed applications demonstrating strong architectural skills to ensure availability, reliability, etc.
Hands-on experience with AWS (preferred), Azure, or other cloud services reinforced with architectural design experience
Experience designing and delivering large-scale solutions, most of which that have advanced to the production state.
Strong grasp of cloud computing SaaS, PaaS and IaaS fundamentals with experience designing and implementing solutions.
Develop cloud base solution designs and implementation plans based on customer needs
Familiar with lift-and-shift migrations and migration methodologies for cloud migration
Experience in Cloud Compute, Networking, Storage, and Identity Management AWS Certification or Azure Cloud Architect Certification (or desire to obtain certification)
Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills
Hands-on experience with AWS (preferred), Azure, or other cloud services reinforced with architectural design experience
Experience designing and delivering large-scale solutions, most of which that have advanced to the production state.
Strong grasp of cloud computing SaaS, PaaS and IaaS fundamentals with experience designing and implementing solutions.
Develop cloud base solution designs and implementation plans based on customer needs
Familiar with lift-and-shift migrations and migration methodologies for cloud migration
Experience in Cloud Compute, Networking, Storage, and Identity Management
AWS Certification or Azure Cloud Architect Certification (or desire to obtain certification)

Additional Information

AWS
Azure
Cloud"	6252	Washington
DevOps Software Engineer	Intelligent Business Platforms LLC	Washington, DC	$65 - $80 an hour	At Intellibus, we are an innovative technology consulting firm made up of a team of passionate software engineers. We are currently seeking an experienced DevOps Architect to join our team.Develop Fully Automated Pipelines for Java Applications which Build, Deploy and Test Across Multiple Environments of Enterprise Integration Service Layer PlatformAutomate Infrastructure Provisioning, Deployment, and Delivery in the CloudSupport and Troubleshoot Cloud Deployment and Environment IssuesAutomate DB Schema Creation and Test Data PopulationAssist the Development Team with MonitoringImmersed in Product’s Codebase and Understand How Critical Components Work TogetherIdentify and Implement Infrastructure Resilience ImprovementsParticipate in Cross-Functional Projects, and Take Ownership of Individual Feature EffortsLead in the Adoption of Continuous Delivery and Automation of Platform ServicesImplement Monitoring Tools and Dashboards for Various Services and Operations for the Platform Following the Enterprise Monitoring Strategy and ToolsWork in an Agile Development Environments, Attend Ceremonies, Accurately Estimate Story Points, Meet Sprint DeadlinesAssist with Identifying and Evaluating New Technologies and Methodologies to Solve Complex ProblemsWork Closely with the Service Delivery and Cloud Platform Team for Platform Support and Day-to-Day ActivitiesQualificationsDevelopment Experience is a MustWrite Application Code — At Least One Language (Preferably Java)Experience in Taking Application Code and Third Party Products and Building Full End-to-End Pipelines to Build, Test and Deploy Complex SystemsAbility to Containerize an Application and Build a Process Around Creating Containers and Pushing them to an Artifact RepositoryGood Working Understanding of CI/CD and How Best to Implement CI/CD PracticesUnderstand General Networking Concepts, Connectivity, Systems Architecture, Disaster RecoveryHands-on Experience with AWSHands on Experience with UnixHands on Experience on Wintel ServerJenkinsTerraformInfrastructure as Code toolsChefGitContainersDockerSplunk or other Equivalent Monitoring ToolJob Types: Full-time, TemporaryPay: $65.00 - $80.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:CI/CD: 1 year (Preferred)DevOps: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	6252	Washington
Federal - Cloud Engineer	Accenture	Arlington, VA	None	"We are:
Accenture Federal Services, helping our federal clients tackle their toughest challenges while unleashing their fullest potential…and then some. What makes our approach so unique? Operating from the nation’s capital, we expand Cloud adaption by bringing together commercial innovation and leading-edge technologies to deliver an integrated and interactive experience that far exceeds expectations. How? Our passion meets purpose! Through our diverse culture and inclusive thinking, we embrace our employees' ideas taking them from concept to practical solutions. Not to mention, we sleep well at night knowing our work directly impacts and improves the way the world works. We keep our tech smarts sharp by providing abundant training and certification opportunities. Through our diverse culture, workforce, and inclusive thinking, we embrace our employees' ideas, taking them from concept to practical solutions. Are you ready to learn and grow in a career, while making a difference?
You are:
Proud to know Cloud. A cloud enthusiast and ready to roll up your sleeves to tackle any complex, technological, cloud computing challenge that comes your way! From design, planning, management, maintenance, and support, you help keep our clients on Cloud9. What sets you apart? You have a knack for digging deeper (or should we say higher) into the possibilities with cloud. Voted best trendsetter, you are always in-the-know on the latest Cloud dish. Not only are you able to modernize clients’ systems to today, you take it a step further anticipating their tomorrow and beyond. Afterall, your head is always in the Cloud, because it’s where you thrive! Pun intended.
The work: Collaborate within a project team to solve complex problems Create scripts and templates for automatic provisioning of resources Enjoy learning new technologies quickly Design and Deploy Cloud services in a high-performance production environment Ability to work independently on project tasks Involved in a workstream(s) where you were an active contributor and can talk to the progress and results of a project

Here’s what you need:
Minimum 2 years of technical experience working with databases, compute, storage and networks on one or more of the following platforms: Azure, AWS, Google Cloud Platform, VMware or Oracle Cloud Platform.
Bonus points if you have:
Worked on or implemented a Cloud migration project
Obtained relevant Cloud certifications such as Microsoft Certified Azure Solutions Architect or AWS Cloud Practitioner
Worked with container and serverless technologies (ie: AWS Lambda, Google Cloud Functions, Azure Functions etc)
Exposure to DevOps Methodologies by using orchestration tools (ie: Chef, Ansible, etc.)
One more thing, this role requires US Citizenship
Important information:
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture Federal Services
Accenture Federal Services is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Equal Employment Opportunity:
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. Accenture Federal Services is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.
What We Believe
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment.
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation.
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement.
Requesting An Accommodation
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired.
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter.
Other Employment Statements
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States.
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Deloitte	Washington, DC	None	"Cloud Engineer
Do you want to be at the forefront of Deloitte's emerging cloud practice? We're looking for exceptional problem-solvers to help address our clients' most compelling Cloud needs. You will work along-side top engineers and technical thought leaders building Cloud solutions helping shape the future of global enterprises. You will be at the heart of the technical solutioning and leading-edge product development.
Work you'll do
The Cloud Infrastructure Engineer will be primarily responsible for utilizing technical skills to coordinate enhancements and deployment efforts and to provide insight and recommendations for implementing client solutions. Engineers will work closely with other cloud teams, project managers, engineers, and other functions. This position will also support business intelligence tools in the cloud.
Responsibilities include:

Consulting with client stakeholders on strategies for deployment of new cloud technology implementations, monitoring and optimization of existing equipment
Delivering end-to-end infrastructure management solutions in a cloud environment
Improving infrastructure operations through better use of monitoring, cloud coding and scripting best practices
Automating infrastructure migration to cloud environments
Implementing cloud governance, build, deployment and monitoring standards for the clients
The team
Cloud Engineering
Our Cloud Engineering team focuses on enabling our client's end-to-end journey from On-Premise to Cloud, with opportunities in the areas of: Cloud Strategy, Op Model Transformation, Cloud Development, Cloud Integration & APIs, Cloud Migration, Cloud Infrastructure & Engineering, and Cloud Managed Services. We help our clients see the transformational capabilities of Cloud as an opportunity for business enablement and competitive advantage.
Cloud Engineering supports our clients as they improve agility and resilience, and identifies opportunities to reduce IT operations spend through automation by enabling Cloud. We accelerate our clients towards a technology-driven future, leveraging vendor solutions and Deloitte-developed software products, tools, and accelerators.
Qualifications
Required:

Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university
At least 1 years of experience with any of the following technologies: AWS, VMWare, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need
for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future

Preferred:

1+ years of experience administering Business Intelligence applications, to include creating user roles/permissions, plugin deployment, SDK integration, etc. (Experience administering MicroStrategy is a plus)
1+ years of experience with Virtualization: Virtualization Server, Storage, Desktop, Network; Reducing Sprawl
Demonstrated experience in supporting a production, testing, integration, and development environments
Demonstrated experience in Linux RedHat SE administration/configuration
Demonstrated experience with Web Server Configurations: Apache, Tomcat, and IIS
Demonstrated experience with various database solutions: Postgres, Redshift, MySQL, Oracle
Demonstrated experience in performing root cause analysis in complex and distributed environments
Experience architecting AWS, Azure and/or Google (GCP) Cloud Solutions
Benefits
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
Deloitte's culture
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.
Corporate citizenship
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte's impact on the world.
Recruiter tips
We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you're applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals."	6252	Washington
Cloud Support Engineer I - Linux	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Herndon, VA	None	"
Basic troubleshooting to resolve straightforward Linux and network related technical problems.
Troubleshoot basic connectivity problems across the different layers of the OSI model from the Linux stand point of view using tools like ping, traceroute, ifconfig, tcpdump, etc.
Basic understanding of Networking fundamentals like CIDR notations, OSI model, HTTP/HTTPS, DNS, SSH, TCP, routing, switching, subnets, ACLs, NAT
Perform basic networking administration tasks like being able to connect an individual PC to the network/internet and set FW rules.
Bachelor’s degree in Information Science / Information Technology, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field OR equivalent experience in a technical position OR equivalent military experience
1+ years of professional experience

ABOUT US

Amazon Web Services is the market leader and technology forerunner in the Cloud business. As a member of the AWS Support team you will be at the forefront of this transformational technology, assisting a global list of companies and developers that are taking advantage of a growing set of services and features to run their mission-critical applications. As a Cloud Support Engineer, you will act as the ‘Cloud Ambassador’ across all the cloud products, arming our customers with required tools & tactics to get the most out of their Product and Support investment.

Would you like to use the latest cloud computing technologies? Do you have an interest in helping customers understand application architectures and integration approaches? Are you familiar with best practices for applications, servers and networks? Do you want to be part of a customer facing technology team helping to ensure the success of Amazon Web Services (AWS) as a leading technology organization?

If you fit the description, you might be the person we are looking for! We are a group of smart people, passionate about cloud computing, and believe that world class support is critical to customer success.

WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM A LIFE AT AWS?

Every day will bring new and exciting challenges on the job while you:


Learn and use groundbreaking technologies.
Apply advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide unique solutions to our customers' individual needs.
Interact with leading engineers around the world.
Partner with Amazon Web Services teams to help reproduce and resolve customer issues.
Leverage your extensive customer support experience to provide feedback to internal AWS teams on how to improve our services.
Drive customer communication during critical events.
Drive projects that improve support-related processes and our customers’ technical support experience.
Write tutorials, how-to videos, and other technical articles for the developer community.
Work on critical, highly complex customer problems that may span multiple AWS services.

WHY AWS SUPPORT?


First and foremost this is a customer support role – in The Cloud.
On a typical day, a Support Engineer will be primarily responsible for solving customer’s cases through a variety of customer contact channels which include telephone, email, and web/live chat. You will apply advanced troubleshooting techniques to provide tailored solutions for our customers and drive customer interactions by thoughtfully working with customers to dive deep into the root cause of an issue.
Apart from working on a broad spectrum of technical issues, an AWS Support Engineer may also coach/mentor new hires, develop & present training, partner with development teams on complex issues or contact deflection initiatives, participate in new hiring, write tools/script to help the team, or work with leadership on process improvement and strategic initiatives.
Career development: We promote advancement opportunities across the organization to help you meet your career goals.
Training: We have training programs to help you develop the skills required to be successful in your role.

We hire smart people who are keen to build a career with AWS, so we are more interested in the areas that you do know instead of those you haven’t been exposed to yet.

Support engineers interested in travel have presented training or participated in focused summits across our sites or at specific AWS events.

As we operate on a follow-the-sun model, with Premium Support sites located globally, working hours and days are based on customer demand and may include weekends (on a rotational basis).

The Linux role supports our services that focus on compute technologies. In this role, you will support AWS Services including EC2, EBS, LightSail. and the services that enable customers to migrate their workloads to AWS. As well as supporting our customers, you will be leading operational improvement initiatives, an acting as the voice of the customer to internal teams across AWS.


Perform basic administration tasks and initial troubleshooting of different Linux distributions.
Knowledge of the most common OS logs used for troubleshooting problems.
Troubleshooting of disk space issues and knowledge of the administrative tasks required to address these problems.
High level understanding of security in Linux (filesystem permissions, etc), may have experience managing users and groups.
Troubleshooting of booting issues and how to manage services in Linux (SystemV and or SystemD)
Basic backup and restore concepts (desktops/laptops).
Have experience installing software using the different package managers
Basic understanding of applications such as Apache, NginX, MySQL, etc.
Troubleshoot performance issues in a single domain using common OS tools such as top, sar and free.
Basic understanding of process lifecycle and signals
Basic understanding of 3-tier web application and a general idea of which components are stateful and which ones are stateless.
Basic understanding of shell concepts such as variables, aliases, redirection and shell expansion.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	6252	Washington
Junior Cloud Systems Engineer	ECS Federal LLC	Washington, DC	None	"ECS is seeking a Junior Cloud Systems Engineer to work in our Washington, DC office.
Job Description:
We are looking for a junior system engineer that is looking to join a strong cloud team supporting critical national security workloads. This individual will have some experience in operations and engineering in the cloud but also must have a strong passion to learn more about cloud, DevOps, automation, and software development. As we seek to deliver mission critical cloud services to the federal government, the stability, automation, and scalability will be critical to our success. This individual will have the opportunity to work on many different projects with many different capabilities. Work location is currently remote due to COVID-19, however ability to work from Washington DC client site is expected.
A strong candidate will always seek to deliver work as code in a repeatable manner, have a desire to lead and have experience with modern DevOps technologies to provide high quality technical delivery for transformational efforts and teams.
Required Skills:
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be able to obtain a Public Trust Clearance
BA/BS with a relevant degree
At least 3 years of experience in and working familiarity with:
Linux
Cloud infrastructure in AWS or Azure
Configuration management experience through Ansible/Terraform/Chef/Puppet etc
Git, CI/CD and other development tools
Scripting skills in at least one language (e.g. Python, PowerShell, Bash)
Strong communication skills with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to take complex tasks and complete them with minimal assistance

Desired Skills:
Proven success in supporting production cloud services
Experience in AWS CDK
Experience in technical delivery in the federal space
Understanding of DevOps processes, methodologies, and philosophies
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience in both AWS and Azure Cloud Environments
Relevant associate level cloud or DevOps certifications

ECS is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. ECS promotes affirmative action for minorities, women, disabled persons, and veterans.
ECS is a leading mid-sized provider of technology services to the United States Federal Government. We are focused on people, values and purpose. Every day, our 3000+ employees focus on providing their technical talent to support the Federal Agencies and Departments of the US Government to serve, protect and defend the American People."	6252	Washington
Cloud Native Engineer	Deloitte	Arlington, VA	None	"Cloud Native Engineer
Do you want to be at the forefront of Deloitte's emerging cloud practice? We're looking for exceptional problem-solvers to help address our clients' most compelling Cloud needs. You will work along-side top engineers and technical thought leaders building Cloud solutions helping shape the future of global enterprises. You will be at the heart of the technical solutioning and leading-edge product development.
Work you'll do
Lead/support implementation of cloud-native platforms and Agile application development technologies in areas of software development, integration and test of software applications and infrastructure. The Cloud Native Engineer will be primarily responsible for utilizing technical skills to coordinate enhancements and deployment efforts and to provide insight and recommendations for implementing client solutions. Engineers will work closely with other cloud teams, project managers, engineers and other functions.
Responsibilities include:
Working closely with developer teams to create an automated CI/CD pipeline
Implementing build, deployment and monitoring standards for the client
Delivering end-to-end automation of deployment, monitoring and infrastructure management in a cloud environment
Creating scripts and/or templates to automate and/or bootstrap infrastructure provisioning and management tasks
Building and configuring delivery environments supporting CI/CD tools using an Agile delivery methodology
Providing knowledge of container management tools (e.g. Docker, OpenShift), container orchestration (e.g. Kubernetes), infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Ansible, CloudFormation), and have familiarity with modern build experience tools (e.g. Maven) and cloud integration systems (e.g. Jenkins)
Understand static code analysis, unit testing and test-driven development, security testing and automated test frameworks
Understand object-oriented programming (i.e. emphasis in Java) and have familiarity with source control systems (emphasis on Git)
The team
Cloud Engineering
Our Cloud Engineering team focuses on enabling our client's end-to-end journey from On-Premise to Cloud, with opportunities in the areas of: Cloud Strategy, Op Model Transformation, Cloud Development, Cloud Integration & APIs, Cloud Migration, Cloud Infrastructure & Engineering, and Cloud Managed Services. We help our clients see the transformational capabilities of Cloud as an opportunity for business enablement and competitive advantage.
Cloud Engineering supports our clients as they improve agility and resilience, and identifies opportunities to reduce IT operations spend through automation by enabling Cloud. We accelerate our clients towards a technology-driven future, leveraging vendor solutions and Deloitte-developed software products, tools, and accelerators.
Qualifications
Required:
Bachelor's degree
Must be able to obtain and maintain required clearance for this role
2+ years of experience using CI/CD tools for automation
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need
for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Desired:
2+ years of software development or testing experience within an Agile environment
2+ years of knowledge and experience with container management tools (Docker, Openshift), Container orchestration (Kubernetes), Infrastructure-as-code IaaS (Ansible, CloudFormation).
2+ years with modern build experience tools (Maven) and cloud integration systems (Jenkins)
3+ years of experience with object-oriented programming (Java) and familiarity with source control system (Git)
2+ years of experience with static code analysis, unit testing and test-driven development, security testing and automated test frameworks.
Certifications one or more: Google - Professional Data Engineer; AWS - Developer - Associate; Azure - MCSA: Cloud Platform (Development Focus)

#LI-GPS"	6252	Washington
AWS Cloud Engineer	Matlock	Washington, DC	None	Matlock and Associates, LLC3033 Wilson Blvd. Suite700, PMB #117Arlington, VA 22201(571) 858-3710www.matlockllc.comThe Department of Homeland Security Science & Technology Directorate (DHS S&T) relies on a Cloud Engineer to design new applications with a cloud-native approach to application architecture, integrate innovative technology into everyday use at the Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO).You will play a vital role providing leadership in building and launching a cloud strategy and environment for use in federal agencies. As a cloud engineer for the Department of Homeland Security, you will transform the traditional infrastructure deployment model to maximize the benefit of the cloud infrastructure with automation and monitoring. You will design and protect the networks that DHS relies on for all existing, planned, and future DHS S&T IT systems.Typical Responsibilities: Designing and delivering cloud infrastructure strategies aligned with business objectives with a focus on migrations and deploymentsCapturing user and business owner requirements and coordinating with appropriate S&T team members for enterprise architectureIdentifying functional, security, and performance requirementsProviding identification for/correction of problems within existing systems, design/implementation of new systems, and enhancing existing systemsParticipating in analysis, design and new construction of next generation IT systems alongside team membersDesired Qualifications: 15 years of experience in designing cloud infrastructures and transforming traditional infrastructure deployment model to maximize benefit of cloud infrastructure with automation and monitoringAWS or Azure certification OR Master's Degree and 12 years of experienceNetworking certification such as CCNA or CCNP are preferredLocation: Full-time telework is currently allowed for most employees due to COVID-19 restrictions, but full time telework is not anticipated on a permanent basis.Onsite location: Science and Technology Directorate headquarters (VTA) located in Washington, DCHours:  Monday-Friday 9am-5pmJob Type: Full-time, 5-year contractBenefits: Medical, dental & vision coverage401k matching3 weeks PTOEmployee development assistanceParental leaveMilitary leaveTuition reimbursementEnd of year/contract bonusSpot bonusAbout MatlockAt Matlock & Associates our mission is to provide a safe and secure environment for our passionate customers; a foundation for incredible impacts. We are passionate about connecting the perspectives of humanity in a way that influences and fosters positive change. We take it personal and we get close, we go all in with those affected by our work. The people we help, the missions we support, they change things, they push societies to a better place. We protect those brave and rare customers who strive to make others’ lives better.Matlock is a proven 8(a), EDWOSB/WOSB small business provider of support to U.S. government missions and the initiatives of partner nations. A leader in custom software solutions, IT infrastructure, and austere environment operations, Matlock is at the nexus of mission sets critical to both the public and private sectors. Founded in 2011, it stands out as uniquely positioned to realize bespoke technological solutions that are tailor-made to meet its clients’ most pressing operational needs. Matlock’s experience in some of the world’s most challenging environments deepens its capabilities, bridging gaps between processes, technology, and infrastructure.About Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Science & Technology (S&T)Technology and threats evolve rapidly in today’s ever-changing environment. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Science and Technology Directorate (S&T) monitors those threats and rapidly capitalizes on technological advancements, developing solutions and bridging capability gaps at a pace that mirrors the speed of life.S&T’s mission is to enable effective, efficient, and secure operations across all homeland security missions by applying scientific, engineering, analytic, and innovative approaches to deliver timely solutions and support departmental acquisitions. Created by Congress in 2003, S&T conducts basic and applied research, development, demonstration, testing and evaluation activities relevant to DHS.Job Types: Full-time, ContractBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayExperience:Cloud development: 10 years (Required)License/Certification:AWS Certification (Preferred)Azure certification (Preferred)CCNA (Preferred)CCNP (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Applied Insight	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"About Us: Innovating to solve real-world problems
At Applied Insight, we leave no stone unturned in solving our customers’ technology challenges. Supporting the Federal Government with the strongest mission focus, our solutions empower people to collaborate more effectively in delivering services vital to the nation.
On joining the Applied Insight team, you’ll be working to solve real-world problems on missions that matter with people who share your passions and encourage your ambition. It’s vital to us that we hire committed people who are great at what they do. We return that commitment by empowering them with the autonomy, the support and the tools they need to fulfill their true potential.
A day in the life (just a few of the things you may do on any given day):

Design solutions that ensure maximum flexibility and scalability, while meeting all required security controls.
Support the development of all required documentation necessary to support the engineering, security, and operational processes.
Perform business and technical alternative analysis for any/all aspects of the solution, aiding the customer is making decisions along the way.
Facilitate the transition of the solution to operations, initially and ongoing always ensuring the system is operating within the anticipated operating boundaries.

You will excel in this role if you are:

Hands-on experience with AWS (preferred), Azure, or other cloud services reinforced with architectural design experience
Experience designing and delivering large-scale solutions, most of which that have advanced to the production state.
Strong grasp of cloud computing SaaS, PaaS and IaaS fundamentals with experience designing and implementing solutions.
Develop cloud base solution designs and implementation plans based on customer needs
Familiar with lift-and-shift migrations and migration methodologies for cloud migration
Experience in Cloud Compute, Networking, Storage, and Identity Management
AWS Certification or Azure Cloud Architect Certification (or desire to obtain certification)

What we are expecting from you (i.e. the qualifications you must have):

At least five (5-7) years of professional IT experience performing duties in support of federal government agencies.
4+ years design, implementation and/or support of highly distributed applications demonstrating strong architectural skills to ensure availability, reliability, etc.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other Engineering or Technical discipline or equivalent relevant experience
Active Public Trust or equivalent security clearance is desired
Must successfully pass a background check and any additional customer background investigation requirements prior to employment
What we will provide in return: Excellent compensation and amazing benefits

Multiple health insurance options from CareFirst BCBS which include a PPO plan with ZERO deductibles and an HSA plan.
401k Immediate Vesting. Company matches 100% of the first 3% contributed and 50% of the next 2% contributed.
Fully paid long-term disability, short-term disability, and life insurance.
Flexible Spending Account options.
Generous paid time off that includes one bucket of leave to use how the employee sees fit; no separate holiday, sick, or vacation.
Flexible work schedules with the ability to bank extra hours for additional time off.
Semi-Annual bonuses for hours worked ""over standard"".
Government shutdown protection where employees do not have to use leave for up to 3 days out of the year for inclement weather or budget issues.
Employee centric culture and a belief that we should empower those who are good at what they do and then give them the tools they need to achieve success and grow their career.
A commitment to learning and growth and easy ways to achieve both including a training budget, education assistance, mentorship programs and collaborative learning sessions.
A collaborative environment that fosters communication and an open-door policy.
www.applied-insight.com. EEO/AA including Vets and Disabled."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer/Architect (Azure, AWS, Iaas, PaaS)	Betis Group	Arlington, VA 22201 (Ballston-Virginia Square area)	$140,000 - $150,000 a year	Job ResponsibilitiesProvide enterprise architecture design, engineering, operations and implementation design for cloud based applications.Provide senior level engineering design and architecture support to provide enterprise-level solutions using physical and virtual networking technologies, server hosting, and storage solutions for legacy, hybrid, and cloud based applications.Support the implementation of Hosted Services that utilize VMware systems solutions to connect services within legacy Data Center LAN as well as remote Data Centers for high availability and redundancy.Evaluates, designs, documents, installs, implements, tests, and performs problem isolation for cloud native and cloud hybrid Software Designed Data Center Infrastructure.Plans; researches; evaluates and recommends new equipment and related technologies. Uses monitoring, performance analysis,network management, software and hardware equipment to troubleshoot and isolate problems difficult problems.Performs estimates of performance and reliability of proposed cloud native and cloud hybrid solutions.Education & QualificationsBachelors and fourteen (14) years or more experience; Masters and twelve (12) years or more experience; PhD or JD and nine (9) years or more experience.Required Skills: Knowledge of Data Center Architecture’s and designs for large scale Data Centers.AWS Certified Solutions Architect Professional, 1 or more architect level certifications in another technical area (Server, Storage, Network, etc.)Knowledge and experience with Large Scale Storage Area Network Systems (Design, Build, Operate).Knowledge and experience with VMware (Design, Build, Operate).Knowledge of IP Networking VPN’s, switching, and routing- Knowledge of Software Defined Data Center (SDDC) concepts and principles.Knowledge of Microsoft File Systems, Operating Systems and Applications.Knowledge and experience with Microsoft OS and Wintel systems- Systems Engineering background with understanding of Cloud Computing Reference Architecture.VMware: VCP 5+ Certified, working knowledge of SRM, VCOPS, SMVI, VCAC- Networking:a. Design knowledge and experience with Cisco Network components (switches, routers),b. Certifications (i.e. CCNA-DC, CCNP, CISSP)x. ITIL v3.0 Foundations certificate.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $140,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Azure: 3 years (Required)AWS: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	6252	Washington
Sr. DevOps Engineer	Skyward Federal LLC	Washington, DC	$150,000 - $180,000 a year	The Senior DevOps Engineer will work to provide a tailored data hosting and dissemination platform within a cloud-based architecture, utilizing Agile methodologies and DevOps practices. The engineer will be a part of an integrated team, focused on continuous improvement of the DevOps posture. The engineer will also provide engineering expertise in support of test activities with a focus on automating test cases. This position will plan development activities, automate test cases, and provide status. Ensuring that the client can run the automated test cases as well.The ideal candidate will be tasked with:Providing support for a customized platform with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Commercial Cloud Services (C2S) that is integrated with commercial (COTS) tools and applications.Providing support for the development, enhancement, and maintenance for AWS Container Ecosystems.Implementing automated unit and integration testing.Interacting with varying organizational levels and structures to provide customer focused service, support, and delivery.Assisting with evaluation of software and hardware activities: requirements, design, development, documentation, integration, test, verification and validation.Collaborating on proposed security architectures and designs for compliance of security policy requirements.The ideal candidate will have:Strong programming skills (i.e. Java, VB, Python, C++)Experience with Kubernetes/OpenShift/Docker or similar technologiesKeyword-based test automation developmentAutomated test case development using industry toolsets and frameworks (UFT, Selenium, Sikuli, Eggplant)Test cycle planning, coordination, execution, and reportingExperience with writing test plansExperience with public cloud services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, Oracle Cloud)Strong Communications skills (written and verbal)Strong drive and initiative (self-starter)Proficient organization skillsExperience with configuration management tools (Ansible, Chef, Puppet, SaltStack)Experience in CI/CD toolsets (Jenkins, GitLab CI, Code Build, Circle CI, Travis CI)Experience with Source Control Management (SCM) tools (Gitlab, Code Commit, BitBucket)Experience with planning/performing multiple levels, processes, methods, and types of testing (i.e. - Unit, Functional, black box/white box, regression)Strong presentation skills to diverse audiences at multiple levels.HP Quality Center (HP QC or ALM) administration (i.e. -administer test scenarios, add users, load scenarios, create queries to extract data, etc.)Some travel may be required on an as needed basis. This position requires a TS/SCI clearance.Office hours are flexible with most work performed remotely (as we are a geographically dispersed team), but some actions may require travel and regular team interaction. Most of our team works out of on-trend, workshare office spaces around the nation.We offer competitive benefits (fully-vested 6% 401k matching, 100% company-paid comprehensive healthcare, all 10 federal holidays & 15 days leave, flexible schedules, educational reimbursements, and much more).Skyward Federal is a small (but growing) startup bringing the best of breed to the most exciting & unique missions possible. We work hard but play harder. There is constant room for growth and cross-training depending on what your life goals are. Apply now & start your journey today!Job Type: Full-timePay: $150,000.00 - $180,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRelocation assistanceTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:CI/CD: 2 years (Required)DevOps: 2 years (Required)AWS: 2 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Top Secret (Required)Work Location:Multiple locationsThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focusedInnovative -- innovative and risk-takingTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeCompany's website:skywardfederal.comBenefit Conditions:Only full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:YesCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processVirtual meetings	6252	Washington
Senior Cloud Engineer - IBM Garage	IBM	Washington, DC	None	"Introduction
The IBM Garage was founded by a handful of people in 2014, to help clients adopt IBM Cloud – which was a new thing at the time. The Garage’s way of accelerating business value for its clients has proved so successful that it has expanded steadily, covering more and more of IBM’s portfolio worldwide. A client recently described their experience with us by saying that the Garage “felt like working with a highly agile and creative startup, but at the same time we had full access to the competence, quality, and scale of IBM.”

A brand-new subset of the Garage has been created this year to help introduce our largest clients to the power and speed of working with the Garage to solve their business challenges. We keep our clients focused on their end users and business outcomes, and we help match their needs with IBM’s enterprise technological capabilities.

How We Work
We’re creating squads made up of designers, solution architects, cloud engineers, data scientists, and subject-matter experts. These teams operate in a particular business domain, under a Client Technical Lead, who is a senior person with long-term experience in that domain and a deep understanding of our clients’ technical needs. The teams involve the client in the experiential process of working with the Garage, co-creating value side by side.

Your Role and Responsibilities
Senior Cloud Engineers in IBM’s Garage are part of a cross-functional team delivering a unique client co-creation experience to accelerate client transformation. As part of an entrepreneurial team, you will use contemporary technologies and approaches to design, develop, test, and deliver solutions. You will apply a user-centric approach to ensure all features add value for the user and achieve the desired client impact. You understand the nuances of different cloud solutions (hybrid, public, private, multi-cloud, on-prem) and implications for solution design. You understand the relationship among various technologies and architectures and how they contribute to the overall solution. You will develop a deep understanding of complex, large scale multi-region solutions which utilize multiple independent life cycle microservices. An ideal candidate will be familiar with Design Thinking, Behavior and Test-Driven Development, and application of Agile methodologies.


To be successful in this role you will need to:
Demonstrate a growth mindset and continuous learning; stay current on IBM strategies and offerings with understanding of technical principles of Docker and Kubernetes
Use DevOps engineering practices and methods to plan and create software applications
Employs IBM's Design Thinking to create products and services that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability; ensure that the implemented solutions are unit tested and ready to integrate in products
Demonstrate strong analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting skills combined in an Agile process
Engineer solutions in areas such as cloud foundation, cloud services, cloud management applications, machine learning, computational linguistics, natural language processing and security applications
Garage

IBMReferred_NorthAmerica

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

At least 2 years hands-on software engineering
At least 1 year of client facing experience - strong, collaborative client relationships
Basic knowledge of various cloud solutions (hybrid, public, private, multi-cloud, on-prem)
Experience APIs (RESTful, etc.)
Design and implement automated cloud solutions that implement CI/CD best practices
Basic knowledge of Java or middleware technology (WebSphere, etc.)
Professional experience; IT Specialist; pre-sales, proof of concept, integration, data lake, business process design

Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise

At least 3 years hands-on software engineering
At least 2 years in a client facing role building strong, collaborative relationships
At least 2 years with various cloud solutions (hybrid, public, private, multi-cloud, on-prem)
Networking DevOps/Development background

About Business Unit
IBM has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. The company’s Global Markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages IBM’s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. These country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients’ growth and innovation. By complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, IBM builds deep and broad-based client relationships. This local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. Additionally, the Global Markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that IBM and partners supply. IBM is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces.

Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement
IBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:


12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences.
This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.


We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."	6252	Washington
Senior Network Engineer / Juniper	Concept Solutions, LLC	Washington, DC	$140,000 - $160,000 a year	Senior Juniper Network Engineer Concept Solutions is seeking a Senior Juniper Network Engineer at the FAA site.This candidate will be responsible for the design, implementation, operation,maintenance, administration, and expansion of all network devices associated with aclassified FAA ProgramRESPONSIBILITIESExpansion of all network devices associated with FAA Program Office to include routers, switches, firewalls and security devices.Analyze and assess equipment and performance degradation, to include packet analysis, determination of hardware, software, networking and/or other technical changes necessary to verify restoration of service and meet operational requirements.Troubleshooting network problems, identifying probable cause, taking corrective action, updating documentation and making written recommendations to prevent problems from recurring.Continuously monitoring SolarWinds and proactively making recommendations to improve performance while resolving and/or preventing potential problems.Verify the posture of the LAN and all equipment on it adheres to the configuration management and security requirements that adhere to OMB A-130, FISMA, and NIST 800 series along with other Federal mandates.Responsive to the needs of the FAA IT Lead providing recommendations and exploring options to improve system performance and overall security standards.Support research and feasibility, possible build out, usage and maintenance of a test environment for the use in support the LAN and application operations.Perform other duties as assigned.This position may require you to be periodically on call – after duty hours.Familiar with wired / wireless components and communicationsKnowledge of Microsoft OS and Active Directory.Pulling and terminating copper/fiber cablingJuniper experience preferred:Switches: EX seriesRouters: QFX series, M series, MX seriesFirewalls: SRX seriesJUNOS security.Extensive knowledge configuring, maintaining, and troubleshooting VPNs, VLANs, firewalls, load balancers (F5), network monitoring tools, and tunnels.Familiar with Satellite and Microwave communications.Familiar with VOIP implementationsCertifications:Cisco: CCNA, CCNPJuniper: JNCIA, JNCIS, JNCIP, JNCIEREQUIREMENTS: Have an active Secret ClearanceBachelor's degree in technical fieldMust have a minimum of 15 years progressive network engineering experience supporting Cisco and Juniper productsMust have strong experience with IP addressing, DNS, VPN configuration and support, and remote accessExperience building and/or migrating/upgrading firewalls and switches across LAN and WAN configurations. Including experience maintaining build documents, network drawings, and data flow diagrams.Implementing OMB-A 130, FISMA, and NIST related federal security standards in production environmentsExcellent communication, organization and interpersonal skills.Professional attitude and commitment to providing high-quality service.Must be highly reliable and dependable; reliable transportation is requiredJob Type: Full-timePay: $140,000.00 - $160,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Network engineering: 10 years (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:https://www.concept-solutions.comWork Remotely:NoCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processPersonal protective equipment provided or requiredPlastic shield at work stationsTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place	6252	Washington
Senior Cloud Engineer - IBM Garage	IBM	Washington, DC	None	"Introduction
The IBM Garage was founded by a handful of people in 2014, to help clients adopt IBM Cloud – which was a new thing at the time. The Garage’s way of accelerating business value for its clients has proved so successful that it has expanded steadily, covering more and more of IBM’s portfolio worldwide. A client recently described their experience with us by saying that the Garage “felt like working with a highly agile and creative startup, but at the same time we had full access to the competence, quality, and scale of IBM.”

A brand-new subset of the Garage has been created this year to help introduce our largest clients to the power and speed of working with the Garage to solve their business challenges. We keep our clients focused on their end users and business outcomes, and we help match their needs with IBM’s enterprise technological capabilities.

How We Work
We’re creating squads made up of designers, solution architects, cloud engineers, data scientists, and subject-matter experts. These teams operate in a particular business domain, under a Client Technical Lead, who is a senior person with long-term experience in that domain and a deep understanding of our clients’ technical needs. The teams involve the client in the experiential process of working with the Garage, co-creating value side by side.

Your Role and Responsibilities
Senior Cloud Engineers in IBM’s Garage are part of a cross-functional team delivering a unique client co-creation experience to accelerate client transformation. As part of an entrepreneurial team, you will use contemporary technologies and approaches to design, develop, test, and deliver solutions. You will apply a user-centric approach to ensure all features add value for the user and achieve the desired client impact. You understand the nuances of different cloud solutions (hybrid, public, private, multi-cloud, on-prem) and implications for solution design. You understand the relationship among various technologies and architectures and how they contribute to the overall solution. You will develop a deep understanding of complex, large scale multi-region solutions which utilize multiple independent life cycle microservices. An ideal candidate will be familiar with Design Thinking, Behavior and Test-Driven Development, and application of Agile methodologies.


To be successful in this role you will need to:
Demonstrate a growth mindset and continuous learning; stay current on IBM strategies and offerings with understanding of technical principles of Docker and Kubernetes
Use DevOps engineering practices and methods to plan and create software applications
Employs IBM's Design Thinking to create products and services that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability; ensure that the implemented solutions are unit tested and ready to integrate in products
Demonstrate strong analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting skills combined in an Agile process
Engineer solutions in areas such as cloud foundation, cloud services, cloud management applications, machine learning, computational linguistics, natural language processing and security applications
Garage

IBMReferred_NorthAmerica

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

At least 2 years hands-on software engineering
At least 1 year of client facing experience - strong, collaborative client relationships
Basic knowledge of various cloud solutions (hybrid, public, private, multi-cloud, on-prem)
Experience APIs (RESTful, etc.)
Design and implement automated cloud solutions that implement CI/CD best practices
Basic knowledge of Java or middleware technology (WebSphere, etc.)
Professional experience; IT Specialist; pre-sales, proof of concept, integration, data lake, business process design

Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise

At least 3 years hands-on software engineering
At least 2 years in a client facing role building strong, collaborative relationships
At least 2 years with various cloud solutions (hybrid, public, private, multi-cloud, on-prem)
Networking DevOps/Development background

About Business Unit
IBM has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. The company’s Global Markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages IBM’s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. These country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients’ growth and innovation. By complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, IBM builds deep and broad-based client relationships. This local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. Additionally, the Global Markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that IBM and partners supply. IBM is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces.

Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement
IBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:


12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).Select educational reimbursement opportunities.Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences.
This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.


We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."	6252	Washington
Senior Stress Engineer	U.S. Cargo Systems	Washington, DC	From $80,000 a year	The Senior Stress Engineer is a member of Engineering Team and reports to our Goldsboro, NC facility, daily. Review job description and submit resume: https://www.uscargosystems.com/careers/Job Type: Full-timePay: From $80,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Mechanical or Aeronautical/Aerospace Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:https://www.uscargosystems.com/Company's Facebook page:https://www.uscargosystems.com/careers/Benefit Conditions:Only full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:NoCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Personal protective equipment provided or requiredTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place	6252	Washington
Cloud Implementation Engineer	RavenTek	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	None	"Description:

RavenTek has a current opening for a Cloud Implementation Engineer to Support the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program to reengineer existing integration to maximize the use of cloud capabilities including containers and other cloud applications with the result of full scalability in the horizontal and vertical environments. The Cloud Implementation Engineer will integrate SQA environment on AWS that will be leveraged to produce preproduction and production environments for DMLSS on the cloud.
. Requirements:
Required Security Clearance: US Citizen with the ability to obtain a Public Trust.
Qualifications Requirements:Create strategies and plans for integration of multiple IT systems/subsystems into an operational unit, ensuring full functional and performance capabilities are retained.
Coordinate with development and user teams to assess risks, goals, and needs and ensure that all are adequately addressed.
Must be experienced in introducing new hardware or software into a new or existing environment while minimizing disruption and mitigating risks.
Must be cost conscience when addressing goals.Familiarity with AWS and intersystem productsExperience with integration of complex systemsExperience with SQA Integration and development
Experience with HealthConnect

Required Education and Experience:Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or equivalentMinimum of 15 years of experience. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirements.
Preferred Qualifications:VA experience preferred.Experience implementing Electronic Health Records
Employment Type: Full Time / Permanent

Working Conditions:
This position is fully remote.
Physical Requirements:
Sitting long periods of time.
Background Screening/Check/Investigation:
Successful Completion of a Background Screening/Check/Investigation will/may be required as a condition of hire.
ADA: RavenTek will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
EEO/AA: RavenTek does not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, height, weight, or marital status in employment or the provision of services and is an equal access/equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
PM20
PI138461829"	6252	Washington
Senior Broadcast Engineer	RT America	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$68,889 - $130,000 a year	T&R Productions/RT America has an immediate opening for a full-time Senior Broadcast Engineer in Washington DC to work in the latest in broadcast technology. Candidates for this position should have a broadcast background, 21st century skill set, and a team-oriented attitude.Responsibilities: · Responsible for hands-on technical and project support of audio and broadcast infrastructure systems for live studio broadcast events and post-production activities.· Install, test, upgrade, maintain, and repair television broadcast equipment.· Assume the role of the Chief Engineer in his or her absence.· Ensure that any engineering or technical problems reported by staff members is appropriately addressed.· Ensure engineering staff receive training in areas needed to enhance proficiency.· Liaise with vendors and IT personnel or engineering staff to achieve problem resolution.· Troubleshoot video, audio and IT issues and provide rapid resolutions.· Provide end users with professional and timely technical support.· Quickly and accurately troubleshoot issues in a high pressure, fast paced environment.· Execute and complete projects with minimal supervision.Job Requirements: · Strong knowledge of broadcast systems and signal workflow.· Familiarity with Grass Valley broadcast switchers, Lawo broadcast audio consoles, Ikegami broadcast cameras, Riedel intercom systems, video and audio patch panels, Shotoku robotic camera equipment, and Evertz routing switcher and distribution equipment.· Ability to prioritize and complete tasks on time and with quality.· Ability to lift up to 50 lbs and work at heights from ladders or similar equipment.Qualifications: · Minimum of an Associates degree in Electronics, Broadcasting or related field.· Five to ten years of engineering experience in a television environment.· SBE certification desired but not required.· Excellent verbal and written communication skills.To Apply: This is a full-time position in Washington DC. We offer a highly competitive salary benefit package.Job Type: Full-timePay: $68,889.00 - $130,000.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
Sr. Systems Engineer	Odgers Berndtson	Washington, DC	None	Build and maintain a virtual server infrastructureSupport and manage Level 3 help desk ticketsCreate and maintain network and security infrastructure within business environmentsSupport existing Cisco Meraki infrastructureNon-technical tasks including (but not exclusively); cabling, hardware inventory and office user moves.Lead large-scale technology upgrade and migration projects from design through turnoverSetup and configure desk phones/softphones and other network equipmentIdentify problems which require additional expertise and escalate to Senior Engineer.Coordinate system maintenance and infrastructure projects with lead engineer.Provide level 3 software and hardware support to all Partners, Principals, and Support Staff.Communicate to management the progress of projects from receipt to closure.Respond to user inquiries both remotely and face-to-face according to help desk procedures, providing support across a range of hardware and software products.Knowledge of Cisco Meraki environments is a plusCCNA certified is a plusReports directly to the US Head of IT.Job Type: Full-timeExperience:Relevant: 3 years (Preferred)Additional Compensation:BonusesWork Location:One locationBenefits offered:Paid time offHealth insuranceDental insuranceRetirement benefits or accountsGym memberships or discountsWorkplace perks such as food/coffee and flexible work schedulesOthers	6252	Washington
Cloud Infrastructure Architect	Deloitte	Arlington, VA	None	"Cloud Infrastructure Architect
Do you want to be at the forefront of Deloitte's emerging cloud practice? We're looking for exceptional problem-solvers to help address our clients' most compelling Cloud needs. You will work along-side top engineers and technical thought leaders building Cloud solutions helping shape the future of global enterprises. You will be at the heart of the technical solutioning and leading edge product development.
Work you'll do:
Lead/support technical teams to architect, build, and deploy cloud solutions across public, private and hybrid cloud environments to support enterprise clients. Cloud Infrastructure Architects are responsible for designing, maintaining and troubleshooting the client's infrastructure, cloud services, network, and infrastructure security. Architects will work closely with other cloud teams, project managers, engineers, and other functions.
Responsibilities include:
Oversee cloud infrastructure design and develop detailed architecture models for the client to host test, development, and production environments
Plan for system and application migration(s) to the cloud, adhering to the client's technical and business requirements
Develop and document technical designs for integration and implementation of new cloud applications and systems
Optimize cost of cloud solutions by identifying waste and automating cloud cost management
Lead the development of technical artifacts including Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM), Detailed Technical Design, Security Architecture Plan, Services Description Document, etc.
Plan and develop support processes that adhere to best practices (ITIL)
Communicate effectively through strong written and oral communication skills for technical and non-technical audiences
Integrate with non-cloud technologies and third-party vendor products/services
Assess emerging technologies, stay abreast of industry trends, and give advice on investments prices versus performance
Experience with highly-available and fault-tolerant enterprise and web-scale software deployments
Certifications (Desired): Google - Professional Cloud Architect; AWS - Solutions Architect - Professional; Azure - MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure (Infrastructure Focus); VMware - VCAP/VCDX Data Center Virtualization
The Team:
Cloud Engineering
Our Cloud Engineering team focuses on enabling our client's end-to-end journey from On-Premise to Cloud, with opportunities in the areas of: Cloud Strategy, Op Model Transformation, Cloud Development, Cloud Integration & APIs, Cloud Migration, Cloud Infrastructure & Engineering, and Cloud Managed Services. We help our clients see the transformational capabilities of Cloud as an opportunity for business enablement and competitive advantage.
Cloud Engineering supports our clients as they improve agility and resilience, and identifies opportunities to reduce IT operations spend through automation by enabling Cloud. We accelerate our clients towards a technology-driven future, leveraging vendor solutions and Deloitte-developed software products, tools, and accelerators.
Qualifications
Required:

Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university
Ability to obtain US Government Security clearance
5+ years software or infrastructure architecture experience
1+ years experience with micro-services architecture
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need
for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future

Preferred:

Knowledge of EA principles and methodologies
Experience with Servers, Infrastructure, Platform Sizing, Infrastructure Cost Reduction
Possess any additional certifications (one or more) for the design/development of distributed solutions on a leading infrastructure platform such as:
IBM Certified Solution Architect - Cloud Computing Infrastructure v3
Google Cloud Platform Qualified Developer
Mirosoft Azure Solutions Architect
VMWare Certifications (Data Center Virtualization, Cloud Management and Automation, Network Virtualization)
Red Hat Certified Architect
Possess a certification for the architecture and implementation of solutions on a leading distributed software platform (e.g., Salesforce Technical Architect Certification)
How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center .
Benefits
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
Deloitte's culture
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.
Corporate citizenship
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte's impact on the world.
Recruiter tips
We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you're applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.
#LI-GPS
#IND:GPS
gpscbo
CloudGPS"	6252	Washington
DevOps/Cloud Engineer	Harmonia Holdings Group, LLC	Washington, DC	None	"Harmonia Holdings Group, LLC, an award-winning federal government contractor, has an exciting opportunity for a DevOps/Cloud Engineer to join our team in Washington, DC.

Due to COVID-19 prevention measures, work is being performed remotely; once facilities re-open, in-person attendance is required in Washington, DC and McLean, VA

We have an exciting opportunity for an Azure DevOps Engineer to join our team in Washington DC. Harmonia is currently seeking an experienced Azure DevOps Engineer with at least 2 years of development background using Django Python.

Minimum Required Qualifications:
US Citizenship or legal permanent resident

Must be able to obtain and maintain a Public Trust clearance

Bachelor's Degree with at least 3 years of related work experience

Experience, Skills and Abilities:
Ability to work independently, take ownership of tasks, and deliver high-quality products and customer services.

Ability to manage and complete multiple tasks within tight deadlines; self-directed and results/goal oriented.

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a high attention to detail.

Must be self-motivated as well as creative and efficient in proposing solutions to complex, time-critical problems.

Highly adaptable to a changing environment.

Strong experience in migration projects to Azure cloud on technically complex projects.

Thorough understanding of DevOps culture, Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipelines, and advanced technical practices.

Experience migrating on-premises workloads to the cloud.

Understanding of cloud automation and orchestration tools and techniques including Git, Terraform, Ansible, Azure DevOps, ARM or equivalent.

At least 2 years of development experience using Python/Django.

Experience in Docker and Azure Kubernetes Service.

Experience with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, Azure DevOps.

Working experience of agile frameworks on complex projects.

Experience with Source Control Management systems, such as Git/GitLab and Team Foundation Version Control (TFVC).

Preferred Skills:
One of the following Microsoft Azure certifications is required:

Microsoft Azure DevOps Engineer Certification

Microsoft Azure Architect Expert Certification

Working knowledge of other programming languages such as Java or .NET

We are pleased to have been repeatedly recognized for our outstanding work culture, the innovative work we do, and the employees on our team who make a difference each day. Some of these recognitions include:

Virginia Chamber of Commerce Fantastic 50 company

Northern Virginia Technology Council Tech 100 company

Great Place to Work Certification

Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing companies

SBA SBIR Tibbett's Award

Virginia Values Veterans (V3) Certification

Every bit of our success is the result of hard-working, motivated, and innovative professionals who are proud to call themselves part of the Harmonia family! In addition to competitive compensation and a dynamic, productive work environment, we offer all full-time employees a variety of benefits including, but not limited to, employer-paid medical, dental, vision insurance; STD, LTD, and life insurance; an HSA; gym/wellness reimbursement; 401(k) matching; 501(c)(3) donation matching; paid holidays; generous paid time off; training reimbursement; and an Employee Assistance Program.

Harmonia is an Equal Opportunity Employer providing equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, or genetics. Harmonia does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed; meet the education and work experience required; and must be able to perform each essential duty and responsibility satisfactorily. Other duties, in addition to the below, may be assigned as necessary to meet business needs. Reasonable accommodation will be made to enable an applicant with a disability to successfully apply for and/or perform the essential duties of the job. If you are in need of an accommodation, please contact HR@harmonia.com ."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer, Mid	Booz Allen Hamilton	McLean, VA 22102	None	"The Challenge:
We have the technology, but do we know how to use it? In an industry where “Cloud” is sometimes synonymous with “genie,” it’s important to have someone on your team who knows how to engineer Cloud-based and hybrid on-premise and Cloud-based solutions. That’s why we need you, an engineer who knows how hardware and software components fit together and integrate with Cloud-based resources, to help us modernize mission critical systems across a variety of our top clients.
As a Cloud Engineer on our team, you’ll help to create solutions to drive the next wave of innovation. You’ll recommend tools and capabilities based on your research of the current environment and knowledge of various on-premise, Cloud-based, and hybrid resources. You’ll work with our engineering, architecture, and migration teams to inform strategy and architecture design. This is an opportunity to stay on top of the latest Cloud resources as you lead efforts to prototype using multiple techniques and new technologies. You’ll be able to broaden your skillset into areas like automation, scripting, and containerization while developing critical systems for several of our clients. Join our team as we transform the way government agencies manage data and information by taking advantage of Cloud technology.
You Have:Experience in a systems engineering or systems administration roleKnowledge of Linux and Linux system administrationKnowledge of end-to-end modern Agile software developmentTop Secret clearanceHS diploma or GED
Nice If You Have:Experience with implementing and maintaining JenkinsExperience with writing scripts and glue to tie together services, functionalities, and tools using technologies, including Python scripting, Bash, Boto3, JSON, and YML and XML templatesExperience with AzureExperience with Amazon Web Services (AWS)Experience with additional tools, including Docker, Kubernetes, and Ansible
Ability to use automation tools and Infrastructure-as-Code to manage installations, pipelines, and scriptingBS degree in CS, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related technical engineering field
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:access to experts in virtually every fielda culture that focuses on supporting our employeesopportunities that provide stability while offering variety
You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	6252	Washington
Sr Software Engineer	Deloitte	Arlington, VA	None	"Are you looking to elevate your cyber career? Your technical skills? Your opportunity for growth? Deloitte's Government and Public Services Cyber Practice (GPS Cyber Practice) is the place for you! Our GPS Cyber Practice helps organizations create a cyber minded culture and become stronger, faster, and more innovative. You will become part of a team that advises, implements, and manages solutions across five verticals: Strategy, Defense and Response; Identity; Infrastructure; Data; and Application Security. Our dynamic team offers opportunities to work with cutting-edge cyber security tools and grow both vertically and horizontally at an accelerated rate. Join our cyber team and elevate your career.
Work you'll do

Support clients with data protection, IoT, and overarching cloud capabilities.
Implement core and cloud infrastructure security to manage risks and exposure.
Perform cyber reconnaissance to illuminate a potential attack surface area.
Provide threat and vulnerability management to federal clients and teams.
Analyze tactical network architectures and topologies to assess security risks.
The team
Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of more than 15,000 professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise
At Deloitte, we believe cyber is about starting things-not stopping them-and enabling the freedom to create a more secure future. Cyber Infrastructure is focused on rethinking how security is integrated across modernized infrastructure as cyber threats become more complex. If you're seeking a career implementing, architecting, and-in select cases-handling next generation controls to manage security risks and exposure, then the Cyber Infrastructure team at Deloitte is for you.
Qualifications
Required:
Bachelor's degree required
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Must be able to obtain and maintain the required clearance for this role
Travel up to 10%
Experience using cyber reconnaissance to support a federal client
Experience working with cloud infrastructure
Experience utilizing software asset management
Preferred:
Prior professional services or federal consulting experience
Previous Security Operations Center experience
Experience in mobile and endpoint security
Certifications (e.g., CompTIA Security+, CEH, CISSP)
How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer - NASA	Venesco, LLC	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	Cloud Engineer Venesco has an opening for a mission critical NASA HITSS IT Cloud Engineer in a center of excellence environment at NASA HQ in Washington, DC.This is a complex IT and professional services IDIQ task order contract at NASA Headquarters supporting the OCIO and its Information Technology and Communications Division. Stakeholders include ITCD staff and management, Mission Directorates of the OCIO, other NASA Centers, and other service providers such as the Agency’s strategic sourcing contractors which depend on services performed under this contract.Highly skilled IT and service professionals support NASA in strategic planning to include identification of changes in the technical and business landscape, anticipation of potential risks, and smooth and timely mitigation of issues. Through support and collaboration, our team is respected as a ‘trusted business partner’.Responsibilities: Provide support for cloud services and support for the ITCD Managed Cloud Environment, Amazon Web Services.Requirements: BS/BA in technical field, or equivalent.5-7 years relevant experience.2+ years creating new and porting existing services in AWS.Experience integrating new applications/services into Azure/Microsoft AD environments.Windows Server 2016/2019 configuration and deployment with Azure/AD.Red Hat Linux and Amazon Linux server configuration and deployment.AWS container build experience.Familiarity with NIST Risk Management Framework lifecycle and controls.Agile practitioner-level certification.Venesco LLC, is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Venesco is committed to administering all employment and personnel actions on the basis of merit and free of discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or status as an individual with a disability. Consistent with this commitment, we are dedicated to the employment and advancement of qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, persons of all ethnic backgrounds and religions according to their abilities.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Cloud security: 5 years (Preferred)creating new and porting existing services in AWS: 2 years (Preferred)Windows Server 2016/2019 with Azure/AD: 1 year (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One location	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	SkyePoint Decisions	Dulles, VA 20166	None	"Overview:

SkyePoint Decisions is seeking an experienced Cloud Engineer to join our team. DevSecOps Teams Test Environment and Data Engineering. Automation, on-demand creation, and the provisioning and break-down of test environments and databases. The leveraging of existing and innovative technology solutions to automate data seeding and test data management. Ensuring that the Integrated Test Lab (ITL) environment adequately supports testing activities included in this acquisition DevSecOps Engineering. Establishment of best practices in DevSecOps. Provision of DevSecOps engineering services for the USCIS OIT programs to facilitate Agile and DevSecOps best practices and innovative solutions Security Testing and Engineering. Identification of the threats and the measures of potential vulnerabilities in systems, applications, and services in a highly-integrated environment comprised of various tools, technology, and CI/CD pipelines
Responsibilities:
Performs architecture and system review to understand any unique environment needs required for each product/application/delivery teamConfigures repeatable infrastructure builds to ensure Test Environments align with Production EnvironmentCertifications and/or experience in Cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, Google, etc.
Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree Required
Five (5) years' of experience
Cloud Certs Desired (AWS, Azure, Google, etc.
SkyePoint Decisions is a leading Cybersecurity Architecture and Engineering, Critical Infrastructure and Operations, and Applications Development and Maintenance IT service provider headquartered in Dulles, Virginia with operations across the U.S. We provide innovative enterprise-wide solutions as well as targeted services addressing the complex challenges faced by our federal government clients. Our focus is on enabling our clients to most efficiently and effectively deliver their mission – anytime, anywhere, securely. We combine technical expertise, mission awareness, and an empowered workforce to produce meaningful results.
SkyePoint Decisions is an established ISO 9001:2015 and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified small business and appraised at CMMI Level 3 (with SAM) for Services. We possess a common vision of excellence and foster a collaborative team culture built upon individual performance and accountability. We invest in our people and systems to create value for our clients. It is the SkyePoint Way. We are grateful for the opportunity to work with exceptional people and give back to the communities we serve.
SkyePoint Decisions is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:

Join a fast paced, growing team in architecting, optimizing, and supporting cloud solutions for enterprise services. In this exciting, challenging role you will provide advisory and hands-on support to Federal customers in planning and executing cloud migration and implementation plans. In many cases, this will require working with the customers technical leadership and engineers to redesign the infrastructure and systems to support cloud capabilities and operate in a hybrid deployment.
Typical responsibilities will include:
Evaluating the existing architecture, emerging requirements, and drafting Cloud based migration plans and designs
Providing hands on support for configuring and establishing infrastructure solutions in the Cloud
Assessing all aspects of design, including cost, timelines, customer impacts and the security posture implications.
Providing industry best practices and educate the team and client, including providing brown bag/lunch and learn sessions.
Briefing leadership on business impacts and designing options.
Facilitating requirements, design, and technical reviews.
Qualifications:

The following skills/experience/knowledge are required to be considered for this role:
Experience of 8 or more years in IT or management consulting
Bachelor's Degree
Ability to obtain a Public trust; interest and ability to obtain a Top-Secret security clearance
Hands on experience designing and engineer solutions in Government Cloud environments.
Experience in Hybrid Cloud environments
Full stack development
Network design & troubleshooting
Linux system administration
Virtualization
The following skills/experience/knowledge are preferred to be considered for this role:
AWS Certified Solutions Architect, Azure Solutions Architect, or equivalent
Experience deploying and managing security solutions (BigFix, Splunk, Tenable)
CISSP, CEH, or other security certifications.
TS Clearance preferred
Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification
Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive bonus
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program"	6252	Washington
Cloud Security Engineer, Junior	Booz Allen Hamilton	McLean, VA 22102	None	"Key Role:
Define, communicate, and implement security architecture and administration processes for all platforms. Apply basic principles, theories, concepts, and limited industry knowledge. Solve routine problems of limited scope and complexity. Refer more complex issues to higher levels and work under direct supervision.
Basic Qualifications:2+ years of experience with securing applications in the Azure Cloud and other cloudsExperience with implementing resource management security in the cloudExperience with identity and access managementExperience with landing zone architecture and implementation and hybrid cloud securityExperience with securing data at rest and in transitExperience with leading cloud modernization and data migrationAbility to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degree
Additional Qualifications:Azure Cloud CertificationCompTIA Security + CertificationCISSP Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	USfalcon, Inc	Arlington, VA	None	"Overview:

Working at USfalcon is about providing exceptional professional services to the DoD and various Federal Agencies. We have been excelling in diverse platforms for almost 30 years and continue to be an industry leader. If you thrive in an organization that values integrity, commitment, stewardship, and service, we want to meet you.
We have an exciting opportunity to join us in supporting one of our valued customers as an exciting opportunity for a Cloud Engineer to work out of Arlington, Va.
The Cloud Engineer will support federal government agencies that are in the process of implementing an innovative cloud modernization strategy of its global network and enterprise services in a hybrid environment - on-prem and cloud. This individual will participate on a team that supports the agency in the design, implementation, and transition to operations in the cloud with applications and data solutions for current and future customer requirements. The Cloud Engineer will be a crucial component to building out reusable IP as you engage and work with customers to onboard new workloads to the cloud environment.

Responsibilities:

Support the iterations of new capabilities and cloud services via established engineering review, change management and continuous monitoring processes.
Participate in architecture and design sessions to develop solutions that meet and exceed security requirements and utilize automation and other best practices to drive down sustainment costs.
Responsible for setting up and configuring the Cloud infrastructure, including virtual machines, virtual networks, and storage
Design, implementation, integration, support, and monitoring of the customer deployments in Cloud environment.
Design solutions that ensure maximum flexibility and scalability, while meeting all required security controls.
Support the development of all required documentation necessary to support the engineering, security, and operational processes.
Perform business and technical alternative analysis for any/all aspects of the solution, aiding the customer is making decisions along the way.
Facilitate the transition of the solution to operations, initially and ongoing ensuring at all times the system is operating within the anticipated operating boundaries.
Qualifications:

Required Skills:
At least five (5-7) years of professional IT experience performing duties in support of federal government agencies.
4+ years design, implementation and/or support of highly distributed applications demonstrating strong architectural skills to ensure availability, reliability, etc.
Desired Skills:
Hands-on experience with AWS (preferred), Azure, or other cloud services reinforced with architectural design experience
Experience designing and delivering large-scale solutions, most of which that have advanced to the production state.
Strong grasp of cloud computing SaaS, PaaS and IaaS fundamentals with experience designing and implementing solutions.
Develop cloud base solution designs and implementation plans based on customer needs
Familiar with lift-and-shift migrations and migration methodologies for cloud migration

Experience in Cloud Compute, Networking, Storage, and Identity Management
AWS Certification or Azure Cloud Architect Certification (or desire to obtain certification)
Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other Engineering or Technical discipline or equivalent relevant experience
Clearance:
Public Trust / Ability to obtain
Travel:
10%"	6252	Washington
(Azure) Cloud Engineer	Applied Information Sciences	Reston, VA 20191 (South Lakes Dr - Soapstone Dr area)	None	"Intro:

As an Azure Cloud Engineer, you will use cutting-edge cloud and data technologies to streamline services to our clients. Join our team of Cloud professionals and accomplish what others only dream of.
What You'll Be Doing:
Guiding the design and implementation of secure solutions and services across the client’s business and IT support areas
Employ excellent client-facing and consulting skills to create innovative business solutions based on your network and systems experience
Define and implement secure networking solutions between on-premises data centers and commercial clouds
Develop solutions integrating Microsoft Azure commercial clouds (public and government community) with services hosted on-premises and in other clouds
Develop and maintain software solutions/scripts to support automation of cloud configuration and administration
Implement AIS cloud infrastructure solution offerings based on public cloud, private cloud, hybrid client environments, and multi-cloud environments
Support security audits, accreditation, and certification processes, and obtaining authority to operate (ATO) for cloud-based system architectures
Set quality standards for tools, techniques, and methodologies, advising on their application, and ensuring compliance
Location and Travel Details:

This is a remote position with occasional travel once COVID restrictions are lifted.
Profile of Success:
5+ years of experience in systems engineering, designing platforms to support developers
Strong experience with API Security, Container Security, Azure Cloud Security
Must be well versed in general infrastructure technology and understand public and private cloud concepts such as Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), Desktop as a Service (DaaS), and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)
Experience with automation to Infrastructure (IaC - Infrastructure as Code)
Experience with the Cloud, Windows/SQL Server, Application Support, PowerShell scripting, and virtualization
Experience developing, configuring, and managing cloud-based systems supporting enterprise web-based applications
Ability to manage Azure subscriptions and resources, implement and manage storage, deploy and manage virtual machines, configure and manage virtual networks, and manage identities
Experience with developing scalable architectures using API management, microservice frameworks, PaaS, and container orchestration systems, or other applicable platforms
Desirable Skills:
Obtain or utilize certifications as part of continuous professional growth
Experience implementing secure and scalable hybrid cloud architectures
Experience with DevOps workflows using tools like GitLab, Jenkins, and others
About AIS:

AIS, Dedicated to Our People
AIS employees can spend their entire career at AIS doing challenging, rewarding work and reach their desired level of achievement and responsibility. We offer the opportunity to move up, without the obligation to move out of a position where one excels. We are committed to our employee's success; however, they define it.
It's our dedication to our employees that inspired our leadership to invest in our future and become partially employee-owned through an Employee Stock Ownership Program (ESOP).
Our employees are our greatest strength, and we do all that we can to serve them. We invest in technology as early adopters, allowing us to create transformative and innovative solutions for our customers while exposing our team to cutting edge technology.
We hire outstanding individuals who are committed to curiosity, passionate about emerging technology, and who are excited to find innovative solutions for the biggest tech challenges facing international brands and government agencies today.
We Invest in Individuals Committed to Innovation
AIS is seeking professionals of a certain character and level of excellence. People that we can learn from and that we can help grow to achieve their personal career goals.
We are looking for:
Smart people with a passion for technology
Strong technical capabilities with a consultancy mindset
Close involvement with local technical communities
A willingness to think outside of the box to provide innovative solutions to clients
Ability to solve challenging technical business problems
Self-directed professionals
Our Core Values
Client Success
Continued Learning and Technical Excellence
Strong Client Relationships
Citizenship and Community
EEO Statement:

Applied Information Sciences is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, religion, color, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other basis covered by law. Employment decisions are based solely on qualifications merit, and business need."	6252	Washington
DevOps Engineer	General Motors	Washington, DC	None	"About GM
There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors.

To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future.
Why Work for Us
Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities.
Job Description
“Some openings may be remote positions where the selected candidate can reside and perform the work from anywhere within the United States.”
As a member of the Vehicle Motion Embedded Controls (VMEC) DevOps team you will be responsible to:
Support and develop automation solutions that enable our agile software teams to build and deploy code efficiently and consistently
Build and support a CI/CD infrastructure utilizing Gerrit, Jenkins, Artifactory, and Docker
Implement monitoring processes, design/build/deploy monitoring dashboards
Support the delivery of production capable embedded software for GM vehicles
Apply SAFe agile SDLC principles
Promote DevOps principles and culture
Ensure that systems have reliability and availability appropriate for customer needs
Leverage and recommend automation technologies that result in fast provisioning and appropriate reliability
Prepare and present design and implementation documentation to effectively communicate to a broad audience of peers, users, and other stakeholders
Provide Level 2 technical support
Mentor and coach other engineers in this role
Additional Job Description
Minimum Required Skills and Experience:
Bachelor Degree in Engineering/Computer Science
Minimum 2+ years of relevant experience with developing software in Java, Python, Perl, Bash, etc.
Basic understanding of DevOps principles
Preferred Skills and Experience:
Master Degree in Engineering/Computer Science
5 years of relevant experience with developing software in Java, Python, Perl, Bash, etc.
2 years of supporting continuous integration/deployment deliverables
Benefits Overview
The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.
Diversity Information
General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities. GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
Equal Employment Opportunity Statements
The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us at Careers.Accommodations@GM.com . In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying."	6252	Washington
Systems Engineer Senior	SPN Solutions Inc.	Bethesda, MD	$120,000 - $125,000 a year	SPN Solutions is seeking to hire a senior level, skilled System/Server Engineer, Sr. to support ongoing critical requirements with one of our Defense customers in Bethesda, MD. The System/Server Engineer, Sr. will be responsible for a demonstrated ability to independently design, configure, test implement, and support networked voice UC systems server support activities, and ability to support application programmers working in that environment. System/Server Engineer, Sr. will function as part of a team, inclusive of customers, and must demonstrate sufficient written and communication skills to ensure success.Required Experience: · Minimum six (6) years hands on relevant experience.· Four-year bachelor’s degree.· AVAYA CM Certification required, or equivalent experience.· Must meet DOD 8570 requirements.· Strong planning, organizational, and leadership skills.· Strong verbal and written communication skills.· Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to make effective presentations and communicate technical concepts to non-technical clients.· Extensive knowledge of project management processes, systems development methods, organizational change management concepts, and business process improvement methods.· In-depth knowledge of project planning techniques and automated project planning tools.· Ability to work in a team environment.· Excellent problem-solving and critical-thinking skills.· Experience with project cost management and resource capacity planning.· Experience with Business Process development and Change Management.Job Duties: · Demonstrated ability to independently design, configure, test, implement and maintain networked system server support activities, and ability to support application programmers working in that environment.· Demonstrated hands-on experience with UC Voice System.· Provide high level technical and support for systems, servers, and storage design, implementation, and operations tasks, including the review of work products for correctness, adherence to the design concept and to user standards and progress in accordance with schedules.· Independently evaluate and resolve system, servers, storage, and processing problems.· Design, configure and implement system, servers, and storage architecture designs.· Evaluate performance using hardware and software diagnostic tools.· Lead the designing, planning and installation of new systems, servers, storage, and hardware.· Evaluate changes for operational impact. Make recommendations for approval of systems, servers, and storage installations.· Prepare milestone status reports and deliveries/presentations on systems, servers, and storage progress to stakeholders, colleagues, subordinates, and end user representatives.· Oversee the performance of System/ Server Engineers.· Responsible for inventory documentation.· Flexible work schedule to provide support for after-hours downtime and issues as needed.· Work with Information Assurance engineers to ensure all systems and servers meet DoD RMF requirements.· DAS. – Support, Report, Issues/OutagesJob Type: Full-timePay: $120,000.00 - $125,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayAbility to Commute/Relocate:Bethesda, MD: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:System/Server Engineering: 6 years (Required)License/Certification:CompTIA Security+ (Required)AVAYA CM Certification OR Equivilent experience? (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
Security Cloud Architect	BCT Partners	Washington, DC 20201 (Southwest Federal Center area)	None	Position Summary: BCT Partners is seeking a Systems Architect that shall provide direction and expertise for the strategic cloud security transformation and be open-minded to challenges that might surface with legacy applications. This role is an information security-focused role requiring advanced knowledge and experience in implementing, monitoring, supporting, and hardening cloud infrastructure and environments. Zero trust architecture and identity management experience, working with Information Security and Dev Ops teams, and System Architects for the digital transformation of legacy applications and databases are vital for success in this position.Key Responsibilities[1]:Manages various data sources for relational and non-relational data using different database engines such as Postgres, MongoDB, Microsoft SQL.Collaborate with a team of developers and business analysts to build data schemas, data dictionary and reports for various ACL applicationsImplement an enterprise data architecture solution using Microsoft Azure data factory, with Azure Synapse Data Analytics, and Azure Data ExplorerFor an infrastructure supported by a mesh/hybrid cloud architecture, unify reporting activities in a data lakeSupport and advance a strategy that, for performance and security purposes, may disconnect the applications front-end data schema from the back-end reporting schemaDesign cross-application data integration and create visualizations that give pertinent insight in ACL programs in terms of performancePerform other reasonable tasks as assigned by management in support of BCT’s goals and objectives.Experience, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: A successful candidate should have:Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited university or college5 to 10 years’ professional experience in Information Technology3 to 5 years’ professional experience in Cloud SecurityIn-depth knowledge and experience of next-gen technical architectures, cloud infrastructures, evolving business practices, development practices, finding innovative ways to enable secure business practices and strong risk management skills.NIST, Security Controls - Advanced Understanding of Policy and ComplianceFamiliarity with schema-less database applications and tools and techniques necessary for data transformations, Risk Management and DevOps methodologyDetermine Security and Business ImpactExperience inheriting FedRamp controlsAbility to evaluate 3rd party tools and provide recommendations to executive-level staffUnderstanding of Microservices, API's, and 3rd Party Identity ManagementZero-trust security management familiarityIncident response documentation process proficiencyExperience with Microsoft Azure data factory, Azure Synapse Data Analytics, and Azure Data Explorer required; experience with Elastic Search, Power BI, Postgres and Mongo DB a plusExperience with GraphGL requiredGeneral proficiency with Microsoft Office suiteProven ability to effectively communicate (both spoken and in writing), exercise sound judgment, ask questions and be open to the input and decisions of othersStrong organizational, administrative and project coordination skills, and the ability to effectively manage multiple priorities; able to, both independently and collaboratively, solve problems, make decisions and support changeStrong interpersonal skills, with the proven ability to collaborate and build relationships with staff, clients, remote colleagues and supervisors, and othersBCT Partners is on a mission: To provide insights about diverse people that lead to equity.We offer a full range of services including consulting, research, training, technology, and analytics services in order to deliver results that improve lives. Inequities in society, including unconscious bias, can exist on many levels — structurally, systematically and even randomly within organizations, institutions, and programs that are intended to benefit society. As a minority owned consulting practice, we have a unique perspective on these disparities and are able to leverage our deep expertise to help drive organizations towards solutions such as conscious inclusion, that close those gaps.BCT possesses a solid understanding of the sectors where diverse people work, live, and play — healthcare, children & families, housing & community development, economic development, workforce development, and diversity, equity & inclusion. We combine our subject matter expertise with precision analytics and technology to help inform decision-making, gauge progress, measure impact and drive successful outcomes. Our ultimate goal is to eliminate disparities in order to create a more equitable society.We invite and welcome to our team people who share our values and goals; those with a passion for making the world a better place, who see strength in our diversity, seek equal opportunity access for all communities and are motivated to create a more equitable and just society. We appreciate the knowledge, abilities, and ideas of each individual and embrace his/her/their positive contributions to our collaborative and dynamic work environment.Our ClientsThis position supports several BCT clients. A majority of the work will be with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Administration for Community Living (ACL) Office of Information Resources Management (OIRM). The mission of HHS ACL is to maximize the independence, well-being, and health of older adults, people with disabilities across the lifespan, and their families and caregivers. ACL’s Office of Information Resources Management (OIRM), located within the Center for Management and Budget (CMB), works with ACL’s program centers to provide and transform information technology services in support of programs serving older Americans and Americans with disabilities.This ProjectACL’s goal is to identify, develop, operate and secure a portfolio of new and existing systems that better support the needs of its program, increase system security, and/or reduce the cost for system development and operations. These technology solutions must comply with a complex set of laws and regulations, as well as user and reporting requirements, and must be sustainable and easily adaptable as program and compliance requirements evolve.OIRM operates across four segments, all reporting to the ACL Chief Information Officer: 1) IT Portfolio Management (ITPM), 2) Enterprise Digital Strategies & Solutions (EDSS), 3) Policy, and 4) Administrative Support. These segments are cohesive and must work in concert to achieve effective results. OIRM has contracted with BCT Partners to provide support to EDSS.[1] Job descriptions serve to provide guidance and information regarding position responsibilities and job expectations. BCT Partners reserves the right, where permitted by law, to modify position responsibilities, sometimes without notice or written updates to the job description documents. BCT Partners is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military and or/ veteran status, or any other Federal or State legally protected class. BCT Partners will not discriminate against persons because of their disability, including disabled veterans, and will make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of qualified employees and applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying and require special assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please contact our Human Resources department at careers @bctpartners.com. We appreciate the diversity of our communities and invite all who are interested to apply.For more information regarding BCT Partners' commitment to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action please click here: www.bctpartners.com/eeoaaJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftWork Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Yes	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Leidos	Reston, VA 20170	$91,000 - $140,000 a year	"Description
Job Description:
The REACTS program is looking for a pro-active Senior level Cloud Engineer with a broad range of skills to deploy and manage the Idemia MBSS search software in our intelligence customer environment. This person will aid in every part of the delivery cycle, from engagement with senior customers to software development as a forward-deployed member of Agile teams.
Primary Responsibilities
Leverage knowledge and skills associated with the Idemia MBSS biometric search product
Leverage knowledge and skills associated with cloud-first and AWS native architectures.
Leverage knowledge and skills associated with AWS Console, CLI, and Manage Services
Utilizing cloud services to build infrastructure as code in an automated fashion
Implement DevSecOps including auto-scaled architectures for rebuilds
Use knowledge for IT systems to include, but not limited to;
Linux baselines: CentOS and Ubuntu, Bash Scripting and hardening protocols
Micro-Services: building decoupled systems, utilizing RESTful endpoints and lightweight systems
Data Management: landing zones, data lakes, and data movement restrictions for security
Development: Modern coding principles, continuous integration pipelines, and automation-first implementations
Security: understanding of information security postures for members of the Intelligence Community, engineering of secure solutions, and experience providing security documentation
Operations: continuous deployments, rip and replace architectures, dynamic monitoring, and quick-response operations up-time
CI/CD tools: Git and Jenkins
Basic Qualifications
Experience with the Idemia MBSS biometric search product
Significant experience with cloud-first and AWS native architectures
Significant experience with AWS Console, CLI, and manage services utilizing cloud services to build infrastructure as a code in an automated fashion
Preferred Qualifications
AWS certifications, like associates and developer
At least 2 years of C2S experience
Demonstrated experience of the following;
Cloud formation
Serverless architectures and implementations
Big data solutions for data lake implementations (Elasticsearch)
Managing complex Sponsor relationships and requirements gathering
Experience with migrating workloads to the cloud
Injecting detailed technical direction into teams for adoption
Candidate must have an active TS/SCI with polygraph – Full Scope Polygraph desired.
Candidate must have BS degree with 8-12 years of prior relevant experience or Masters with 6-10 years of prior relevant experience. Additional years of experience can be accepted in lieu of a degree.
NSOINT

External Referral Eligible
External Referral Bonus:
Eligible
External Referral Bonus $:
5000
Potential for Telework:
Yes, 75%
Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
Travel:
Yes, 75% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Systems Engineering
Pay Range:
Pay Range $91,000.00 - $140,000.00 - $189,000.00
#Remote"	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	BAE Systems	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"As Cloud Engineer supporting federal government agency that is in the process of implementing an innovate cloud modernization strategy of its global network and enterprise services in a hybrid environment - on-prem and cloud. This role is to participate on a team that supports the agency in the design, implementation, and transition to operations in the cloud with applications and data solutions for current and future customer requirements. Responsibilities include the design, implementation, integration, support, and monitoring of the customer deployments in Cloud environment. This individual is responsible for setting up and configuration the Cloud infrastructure, including virtual machines, virtual networks, and storage. Support the iterations of new capabilities and cloud services via established engineering review, change management and continuous monitoring processes. Participate in architecture and design sessions to develop solutions that meet and exceed security requirements and utilize automation and other best practices to drive down sustainment costs. The Cloud Engineer will for be a crucial component to building out reusable IP as you engage customers and work with them to onboard new workloads to the cloud environment.

Responsibilities include:
Design solutions that ensure maximum flexibility and scalability, while meeting all required security controls.
Support the development of all required documentation necessary to support the engineering, security, and operational processes.
Perform business and technical alternative analysis for any/all aspects of the solution, aiding the customer is making decisions along the way.
Facilitate the transition of the solution to operations, initially and ongoing ensuring at all times the system is operating within the anticipated operating boundaries.


Required Education, Experience, & Skills

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other Engineering or Technical discipline or equivalent relevant experience
At least five (5-7) years of professional IT experience performing duties in support of federal government agencies.
4+ years design, implementation and/or support of highly distributed applications demonstrating strong architectural skills to ensure availability, reliability, etc.
Hands-on experience with AWS (preferred), Azure, or other cloud services reinforced with architectural design experience
Experience designing and delivering large-scale solutions, most of which that have advanced to the production state.
Strong grasp of cloud computing SaaS, PaaS and IaaS fundamentals with experience designing and implementing solutions.
Develop cloud base solution designs and implementation plans based on customer needs
Familiar with lift-and-shift migrations and migration methodologies for cloud migration
Experience in Cloud Compute, Networking, Storage, and Identity Management AWS Certification or Azure Cloud Architect Certification (or desire to obtain certification)


Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills

Hands-on experience with AWS (preferred), Azure, or other cloud services reinforced with architectural design experience
Experience designing and delivering large-scale solutions, most of which that have advanced to the production state.
Strong grasp of cloud computing SaaS, PaaS and IaaS fundamentals with experience designing and implementing solutions.
Develop cloud base solution designs and implementation plans based on customer needs
Familiar with lift-and-shift migrations and migration methodologies for cloud migration
Experience in Cloud Compute, Networking, Storage, and Identity Management
AWS Certification or Azure Cloud Architect Certification (or desire to obtain certification)


About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security

BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it’s what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts – defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team—making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you’ll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference.

Intelligence & Security (I&S), based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels.


At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We’re laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Markesman Group	Fort Meade, MD	None	Cloud EngineerBA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or similar. In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted for applicable work experience. Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience.8-10 years of experience as a Cloud Engineer including operations, management, design, and development of cloud-based applications and capabilities.At least 3 years with AWS cloud technologies.Experience automating cloud configuration using tooling such as Terraform, AWS Config, Ansible, etc.Experience in cloud native technologies such as Lambda, S3, EC2, ECS, Fargate, Kinesis, DynamoDB, ALB.Excellent oral and written communication skills.AWS Certification is highly desired (Associate, Professional, and/or Specialty levels).Understanding of AGILE software development methodologies and use of standard software development tool suites. (e.g., JIRA, Confluence, Github Enterprise, etc.)Certifications: Security+Clearances: Top Secret Desired, “Clearable” acceptable for exceptionally strong candidatesAbout Markesman GroupMarkesman Group provides clients with Enterprise IT and Intelligence solutions driven from best value. As a small business leader in the technology sector, Markesman Group provides government clientele with IT support services which sustain its day to day operations from strategic framework to implementation and performance engineering. Markesman Group seeks highly qualified professionals to develop and further as leaders in business, technology, strategy, operations, and innovation.We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law.Job Types: Full-time, ContractBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Cloud Engineer: 8 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Top Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	ECS Federal LLC	Fairfax, VA 22031	None	"ECS is seeking a Cloud Engineer to work in our Fairfax, VA office.
Job Description:
ECS is looking for a passionate, driven Cloud Deployment Engineer to drive existing capabilities in areas focused on infrastructure as code, DevSec/GitOps, big data, and security to deliver transformational and scalable cloud solutions in DoD Space.
We now have an exciting opportunity for a Cloud Deployment Engineer to join our team in supporting a large program with the following roles and responsibilities:
Work in a highly agile environment, to implement best in class solutions by leveraging a variety of automation, instance and/or container, orchestration, security, and native/non-native cloud services for large DoD program(s)
Leverage best practices to deploy and monitor the environment, facilitate management oversight, and put in place detection, incident-response, and mitigation practices to minimize and rapidly resolve discovered anomalies
Possess an understanding of AWS, Elastic, Network Infrastructure, Security Capabilities, Storage Solutions, Database Services/Tooling, and Identity & Access Management
Participate in status meetings on progress, priorities, issues, performance, and future growth

Essential Responsibilities:
Leverage DevSecOps best practices to design, implement, and deploy cloud software automation solutions
Be familiar with Agile/Scrum methodologies and best practices in order to engage with leadership and government clientele on project development
Be able to leverage Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools such as Ansible, CloudFormation, Terraform, Pulumi, Chef, etc. to structurally automate build requisite infrastructure
Leverage scripting languages such as Bash, Python, JavaScript, PowerShell, JSON, YAML, etc. to interface a variety of tooling together into a comprehensive package wherever applicable
Be able to leverage Docker toolset to design, implement and deliver containerized services, troubleshoot failure modes and resolve system/architectural issues
Have familiarity with implementing STiGs and other security requirement guides to harden both Windows and Linux operating systems
Be able to create and maintain custom Amazon AMIs that incorporate DoD STIG requirements.
Migrate existing on-premises software applications to cloud leveraging a structured method and best practices
Be able to integrate and troubleshoot hardware solutions in a hybrid cloud environment
Have familiarity with monitoring tools such as Splunk, CloudWatch, DataDog, and/or Elastic Stack in order to engage with project monitoring and incident response activities
Experience configuring and deployment Citrix Desktop within hybrid environments.
Integrate multiple software products across cloud and hybrid environments
Closely coordinate and communicate with ECS team as well as sponsors for effort
Ability to brief and engage directly with sponsors and their supporting staff regarding technical support work and architecture design of cloud environments

Required Skills:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Top Secret clearance
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems Management, or similar preferred
Amazon Web Services (AWS) certification (at least Associate level)
Current DoD 8750 IAT Level 1 certification

Desired Skills:
Active DoD Secret Clearance
Microsoft Azure Administrator/DevOps Engineer or GCP Associate Cloud Engineer certification
Cloud development skills

ECS is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. ECS promotes affirmative action for minorities, women, disabled persons, and veterans.
ECS is a leading mid-sized provider of technology services to the United States Federal Government. We are focused on people, values and purpose. Every day, our 3000+ employees focus on providing their technical talent to support the Federal Agencies and Departments of the US Government to serve, protect and defend the American People."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Applied Research Associates, Inc	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"ARA’s Capital Area Division in Alexandria, VA is seeking a Cloud Engineer to aid in developing advanced cloud-enabled analysis infrastructure and software for DHS applications. Candidate will have a strong passion and background in making quality cloud-based infrastructure and production software at all stages of the development lifecycle. As a valued contributor to our development team your responsibilities will include (1) collaborative brainstorming and problem solving to define requirements, objectives and potential solutions, (2) developing and testing infrastructure and software from inception to deployment in the homeland security community, and (3) maturing and improving infrastructure and software with new ideas and customer feedback as part of an agile team.
You will be responsible for developing and integrating cloud-enabled applications and services that will be deployed in a federal government environment. Additionally, you will work to integrate analysis and visualization capabilities into this cloud platform and build web-based GUI applications to manage project information and enable information sharing.
As an employee of ARA, you will have opportunities for career advancement and continued learning outside of your primary job functions. We strive to identify cross-training opportunities and encourage staff to interject new ideas into our longstanding operational programs. At ARA, we foster an environment where technical staff are empowered to research and develop their own ideas – with resources and support from a strong internal technical team and external partners. Day-to-day, you can expect flexibility in choosing the level of autonomy suited to you while enjoying a challenging technical career with great opportunity for personal growth.
Required Qualifications:
Demonstrated experience in technical development in a modern cloud environment (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud)
Demonstrated ability to write efficient, structured code in multiple languages such as Java, Python and JavaScript
Experience developing, deploying, and managing cloud Infrastructure using automation (Terraform, Ansible, Chef, Puppet)
Experience with distributed code management (GIT, Github), and continuous integration/continuous development (CI/CD) tools (e.g. Jenkins, Travis CI, or CircleCI)
BS in Computer Science or similar degree with 5-7 years of relevant work experience, or MS with 3-5 years of relevant experience
US citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a secret security clearance and a DHS Suitability
Desired Qualifications:
Experience with containerized environments and tools, including Docker and Kubernetes
Interest in data science, data analysis, data visualization, and mathematical algorithms
Experience with web-based software development and visualization, including familiarity with HTML5, Javascript, and web frameworks such as Angular, Jquery, and D3.js
Experience with agile development and agile frameworks, such as scrum and kanban development processes.
Company Information
ARA is a strong, employee-owned company with a robust benefits package. You will be eligible to participate in our Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), take advantage of great compensation & benefits, and participate in a rewarding culture where innovation & experimentation are the norm. Our employees have the tools, training and opportunities to take more active roles as owners and are recognized as the company’s greatest assets! The motto, “Engineering and Science for Fun and Profit” sums up the ARA experience.
If you desire a career with a company that provides a broad range of technical expertise in defense and homeland security technologies, computer software and simulation, systems analysis and engineering, and testing and measurement, then our Capital Area Division in Alexandria, VA will be perfect for you. We are an EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran employer and At-Will Employer.
For additional information and an opportunity to join our unique workplace, please apply at careers.ara.com.
Experience
Required
5 - 7 years: Relevant work experience
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field
Preferred
Masters or better in Computer Science or related field
Behaviors
Required
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Team Player: Works well as a member of a group
Dedicated: Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity
Motivations
Required
Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"	6252	Washington
Cloud Infrastructure Engineer	Aptive	Falls Church, VA	None	"Aptive is seeking an Infrastructure Engineer with demonstrated experience providing support and technical advice during conceptualization, development, and implementation phases to transform requirements to working solutions. This includes involvement with users to define system scope and objectives, as well as writing and executing test cases.
This mid-level, full-time position is in Falls Church, VA. Please note: the position is fully telework until COVID-19 social distancing restrictions are lifted.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS.
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university.
Ten years' experience working in IT.
3-5 years of experience with any of the following technologies: AWS, VMWare, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform.
Must be proficient with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) scripting tools such as Terraform, CloudFormation, Puppet, or Chef.
Must have working knowledge of CI/CD processes, tools, and frameworks.
Ability to work onsite in Falls Church, VA.
Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret clearance.
Legal authorization to work in the U.S.
JOB DUTIES.
Must be able to serve as the infrastructure engineer on a high-performing DevSecOps team.
Consulting with client stakeholders on strategies for deployment of new cloud technology implementations, monitoring and optimization of existing equipment.
Delivering end-to-end infrastructure management solutions in a cloud environment.
Improving infrastructure operations through better use of monitoring, cloud coding and scripting best practices.
Automating infrastructure migration to cloud environments.
Implementing cloud governance, build, deployment and monitoring standards for the clients.
DESIRED SKILLS.
Strategic thinker with a drive to get all types of work done and a high attention to detail.
Multi-Cloud experience is highly desired.
Certifications in AWS, Azure, or both is desired.
Excellent ability to communicate across all mediums and settings; superior consulting abilities.
ABOUT APTIVE.
Aptive is a modern federal consulting firm focused on human experience, digital services and business transformation. Our employees receive competitive compensation, along with company-paid health care and short-term disability plans. We also offer a 401K plan with company match, paid time off, flexible savings accounts, commuter benefits and company-sponsored professional education opportunities.

Our work inspires people, fuels change and makes an impact. Join our team to be part of positive change in your community and our nation.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.
Aptive is an equal opportunity employer. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, parental status, veteran status, age, disability or any other protected class.
Veterans, members of the Reserve and National Guard, and transitioning active-duty service members are highly encouraged to apply."	6252	Washington
AWS DevOps Engineer	Dovel Technologies, LLC	Rockville, MD 20852	$78,571 - $117,856 a year	"Overview:

We are actively searching for a AWS DevOps Engineer to support our on-going Federal Grants Management program. Dovel manages a shared services platform (of over 1500 Federal Grant programs demonstrating a new model of how agencies and departments across the Federal Government work together to eliminate duplication of services leveraging cutting edge technology) - that runs like a business (managed services) consisting of 10+ software products and a full spectrum of support and consulting services to help Federal Agencies maximize the value of their grant investments. GrantSolutions also supported over $60B in Covid grant awards last year and continues this year (CDC, ACF, HRSA, ACL, ASPR, HIS, OASH, ONC).
Duties & Responsibilities:
Support Cloud development pipelines using Jenkins, Cloud Formation, Puppet and other tools as appropriate
Support containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes, other technologies
Script and automate system tasks to reduce manual repetitive work using Terraform, Puppet and other technologies as appropriate
Experience supporting Java applications on Tomcat
Participate in production software deployments working closely with other members of the production support group to ensure the proper transition of system changes into the production environments
Perform general technical trouble shooting & give consultation to development teams
Report issues to management & work to identify root cause of system related issues
Create & maintain technical documentation including system diagrams & operational procedures
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/ Management Information Systems or related field preferred or the equivalent combination of experience, education and training, skills and abilities.
3 Years of job related experience deploying, maintaining and managing AWS Cloud infrastructures.
Hands on experience with Terraform.
Experience in Amazon Cloud (AWS) using EC2, S3, Code Pipeline, Code Commit, Code Deploy and other related services.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Public Trust Clearance.
#LI-SR1
Compensation:

The proposed salary range for this position is $78,571 to $117,856. Final salary will be determined based on various factors such as geography, experience, certifications, etc.
Company Description:

We are a trusted government partner that blends deep domain expertise with advanced technologies to help our customers solve complex problems that improve, protect, and save lives. As a rapidly growing company, we combine entrepreneurial spirit, customer focus, and an outcomes-based approach to support agency missions in health IT, life sciences, public safety, and grants management.
The Dovel Family of Companies offers employees an opportunity to advance beyond a specific role or contract, we offer a path to develop an enriching career. We believe in empowering a culture of innovation, customer success, and employee growth.
What you’ll get…
Time Off! Flexible schedules and company paid holidays allow you to take the time you need.
Investment in YOU! 401(K) company contributions are yours to keep with no waiting period.
Choices! Unique healthcare plans to choose from with options like fertility and orthodontia benefits.
Discovery! With our tuition assistance and training programs, we support your career advancement.
Tax Savings! Enroll in pre-tax Health or Dependent Care Flexible Spending, HSA with company contributions, parking, and/or transit commuter benefits.
Support! Working parents and busy professionals – we’ve got you covered with a supportive culture, confidential Employee Assistance Program and a membership to Care.com.
Perks! Employee discounts, peer recognition programs, company-wide wellness challenges, and fun community events.
A Voice! A unique culture where you can influence decisions and have your voice heard.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status."	6252	Washington
Cloud Architect	CapTech Consulting	Reston, VA	None	"Company Description
CapTech is a team of master builders, creators, and problem solvers who help clients grow efficient, successful businesses. We unite diverse skills and perspectives to transform how data, systems, and ingenuity enable each client to advance what’s possible in a changing world.
As perceptive partners, our U.S-based consultants find inspiration in the unknown and enjoy getting our hands dirty solving our clients’ myriad of challenges. Across industries and business goals, we fuse technical depth and analytical prowess with creative savvy to move clients forward. This drive helps each organization use technology, management, and insight to turn ideas into action. Together, we create outcomes that exceed the expected — which is one of the reasons we’ve been on the Inc. 500/5000 list for over a decade.

Job Description
Cloud Architects at CapTech are called upon to perform various responsibilities within CapTech’s Systems Integration practice area, usually in the context of a technology assessment, strategy formation, or a development project performed for a particular client. They often lead a team of developers and collaborate with experienced project managers, analysts, designers, and clients to architect and deliver vital internal and customer facing systems in partnership with a variety of Fortune 500 clients. Typically, CapTech Architects have a broad understanding of many tools, technologies, and products, with some specialization in a few areas. Over time these specialties may change due to industry transformation or a changing client profile, and as such, our architects have the opportunity to get hands-on experience with the latest technologies while working with passionate CapTechers solving complex problems across numerous industries.
Specific responsibilities for the Cloud Architect position include:
Position yourself as a trusted advisor to CapTech clients.
Oversee and set the technical direction of client projects, collaborating directly with client staff to define and adhere to architectural standards.
Lead internal teams and act as a Service Offering liaison
Design, implement, integrate, and support Cloud solutions
Work closely with clients, subject matter experts and the CapTech team to understand requirements, establish priorities and project scope, and manage expectations and project delivery
Define the technical and solution architecture for phased software development
Provide hands-on technical direction to other developers to review code and resolve issues
Create documents that specify strategy, assessment, or design in a way that delivers obvious value to the client and is understandable by any stakeholder
Articulate architectural differences between solution methods and the challenges and approaches to integrating solutions built on different platforms, including a working knowledge of architectural frameworks that may be used by our clients.
Apply detailed knowledge of organizational procedures to make independent decisions and serve as a credible resource for the client’s senior management team
Collaborate with CapTech business development team members during sales efforts to demonstrate CapTech’s technical capabilities, create a vision for a solution that CapTech can build, and produce estimates and work plans

Qualifications
Specific qualifications for the Cloud Architect position include:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent degree and/or experience
Cloud architecture experience utilizing AWS, Azure, or GCP
Demonstrated software development experience over 7+ years with a broad range of development tools and technologies
Ability to think strategically and relate architectural decisions/recommendations to business needs and client culture.
Ability and desire to lead multiple technical project teams
Ability to compromise and build consensus on architectural issues
In-depth experience with some or all of these cloud concepts: Infrastructure as a Service, Serverless Architecture, Container Architecture, Platform as a Service, Storage, Infrastructure as Code, and Identity and Access Management.
Knowledge of the concepts and tools required for effective software development including: Integrated Development Environments, Continuous Integration, Operating Systems (specifically UNIX/Linux), Test-driven Development, SDLC Methodologies including Waterfall, Scrum, XP, Kanban, and SAFe.
Cloud Architecture Certifications recommended but not required.
Extensive knowledge of the concepts and tools required for effective software development including: Integrated Development Environments, Continuous Integration, Operating Systems (specifically UNIX/Linux), Test-driven Development, SDLC Methodologies including Waterfall, Scrum, XP, Kanban, and SAFe.

Additional Information
We offer challenging and impactful jobs with professional career paths. All CapTechers can keep their hands-on technology no matter what position they hold. Our employees find their work exciting and rewarding in a culture filled with opportunities to have fun along the way.
At CapTech we offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package including, but not limited to:
Competitive salary with performance-based bonus opportunities
Single and Family Health Insurance plans, including Dental coverage
Short-Term and Long-Term disability
Matching 401(k)
Competitive Paid Time Off
Training and Certification opportunities eligible for expense reimbursement
Team building and social activities
Mentor program to help you develop your career
CapTech is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culture of equality, inclusion and fairness — each foundational to our core values. We strive to create a diverse environment where each employee is encouraged to bring their unique ideas, backgrounds and experiences to the workplace.
Candidates must be eligible to work in the U.S. for any employer directly (we are not open to contract or “corp to corp” agreements). At this time, CapTech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. Applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.
CapTech is a Drug-Free work place.
Candidates must have the ability to work at CapTech’s client locations.
All positions include the possibility of travel.
CapTech has not contracted/does not contract with any outside vendors in its recruitment process. If you are interested in this position, please apply to CapTech directly."	6252	Washington
Cloud Operations Engineer II	PowerSchool Group LLC	Arlington, VA	None	"Overview:

Powerschool is one of the fastest growing education technology companies, with more than 18 million users across the world. We are giving educators all the tools they need to more easily personalize education and improve student outcomes, but in a way that works easily with their current systems and teaching approach. We’ve evolved the traditional learning management system into an education cloud: a platform that connects the people, content, and systems that fuel education.
Working at PowerSchool offers you a chance to help solve the most important challenges in education in an environment that’s fun, collaborative and innovative. We are looking for smart, creative individuals who are passionate about education and aren't afraid to show it.
Responsibilities:

What can you expect working at Powerschool?
Given our explosive 2x user growth each of the last few years, and our best-in-class retention, we’re looking to add to our Cloud Operations team. Since we expect that growth to continue you’ll help us first scale our existing infrastructure, improve automation, and extend our deployment capabilities.
Equally as important, we’ll look to you to help us balance working with our existing technologies/infrastructure and move forward with new technologies that support our award-winning platforms including PowerSchool SIS and Schoology.
Our plan is to move to a more supportable PaaS infrastructure where developers own their code as it goes out into production, and you’ll play a central part in making that happen.
You won’t do this on your own. As a Cloud Operations Engineer, you’ll be working with a team of engineers with a diverse skill set to deliver software in a measurable, reliable way, as well as help build a resilient, monitor-able, scalable platform.
We like the DevOps philosophy here! Collaboration and a common goal align us to deliver a pleasant experience, both for our customers, as well as the development team we’re all a part of.
Qualifications:

Some of the technologies we use:
Ansible, Docker, Git
Python, Ruby, PowerShell and Bash for automation, deployment, and configuration management.
Data layers? How about MySQL, MongoDB, DynamoDB, and Redis.
About you:
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
Experience writing Infrastructure as Code using technologies such as CloudFormation, Terraform, as well as Configuration Management tools such as Chef and Ansible
Expertise in writing with JavaScript, Python, or any other interpreted scripting language.
A solid grasp of web application architecture and underlying technologies
At least 5 years of professional experience in a web application shop, especially in a ""continuous deployment"" environment.
Familiarity with Git, or any other revision control system.
Experience working with cloud-computing service providers like AWS and/or Azure.
You’ll also:
Support and manage our AWS infrastructure, from web and data layers in both VMs and containers, to security groups, VPCs, load balancers, autoscaling, and cloudformation.
Participate in project-based work across the organization, as both a contributor, as well as a collaborator bringing operational experience leadership to other teams.
Automate! We work in bash, primarily, but leverage other tools such as Python and JavaScript.
Design, build, and automate tools for other teams across the organization
Provide operational support to our SaaS platform, helping to troubleshoot our platform, as well as participate in a 24x7 on-call rotation.
Help expand and support our continuous deployment pipelines across multiple products.
Bonus points for:
A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related technical discipline.
Experience in any of the modern container orchestration frameworks, such as Kubernetes.
Recent experience supporting a SaaS platform.
A self-starter who thrives in a fluid, fast-paced, evolving environment.
EEO Commitment:

PowerSchool is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. PowerSchool is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Our inclusive culture empowers PowerSchoolers to deliver the best results for our customers. We not only celebrate the diversity of our workforce, we celebrate the diverse ways we work. If you have a disability and need an accommodation regarding our recruiting process, please let us know by emailing accommodations@powerschool.com."	6252	Washington
Deloitte Fusion Managed Services AWS Cloud Engineer / SOAR Architect	Deloitte	Rosslyn, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Are you interested in improving the cyber and organizational risk profiles of leading companies? Do you want to be involved in delivering Fusion Managed / Security Operations Center (SOC) Services including ensuring the stability, integrity and efficient operations of the systems that support core organizational functions? Are you excited about rapidly changing operational environments, learning what you need to get the job done, and producing accurate and timely results?
If yes, then Deloitte's Fusion Managed Services (FMS) team could be the place for you! Transparency, innovation, collaboration, sustainability: these are the hallmark issues shaping cyber initiatives today. Deloitte's FMS business is passionate about making an impact with lasting change. Delivering our industry leading services requires fresh thinking and a creative approach. We collaborate with teams from across our organization in order to bring the full breadth of Deloitte, its commercial and public sector expertise, to best support our clients. Our aspiration is to be the premier integrated services provider in helping to transform the cyber security services marketplace.
Our team is client focused and mission driven. As an AWS Cloud Engineer / SOAR Architect in Deloitte's Fusion Managed Services, you'll work with our diverse teams of passionate professionals to help solve for some of today's toughest cybersecurity challenges to enable or clients to achieve business growth and manage risk.
Work you'll do
The Deloitte FMS automation team aims to make client and analyst security teams lives easier! We are looking for a strong AWS cloud engineer / SOAR architect to join our small, but accomplished MSSP automation team. You will have our support to become an influential voice in shaping our product, our technical direction and how we work. You'll use your understanding of common security challenges and the necessity of automation to influence a product that brings this power to all levels of users. You'll use your skills to build exciting new solutions to routine manual processes across a variety of tools and disciplines from client-side tools all the way down to our Fusion operation centers worldwide. Lead the evaluation, integration and testing of new Cyber tools and technologies

Work together with other architects, engineers, designers and product managers to turn our bold product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap.
Test, use and master APIs for off-the-shelf and common security and IT tools
Help our customers review, refine and automate their internal processes
Help automate internal FMS SOC operations workflows
Understand the current application infrastructure and suggest changes to it.
Define and document best practices and strategies regarding application deployment and infrastructure maintenance.
Migrate our infrastructure with zero downtime to a highly available, scalable one.
Set up a technology monitoring stack.
Define service capacity planning strategies.
Write infrastructure as code using CloudFormation or similar.
You should see different technologies as a means to an end and be well practiced at hunting for a solution through unfamiliar domains"	6252	Washington
Cloud Data Engineer, Junior	Booz Allen Hamilton	McLean, VA 22102	None	"The Challenge:
Do you want to work at the forefront of advanced technology and solve complex data challenges? You know that data yields pivotal insights when it’s gathered from disparate sources and organized. As a data engineer, you have the chance to help develop and deploy the pipelines and platforms that make this data meaningful. What’s more, you’ll have the chance to support the growth of Booz Allen’s DataOps capabilities while supporting a multi-disciplinary team of analysts, data engineers, data scientists, developers, and data consumers in a fast-paced, agile environment.
As a Cloud Data Engineer, you will collaborate with business stakeholders to identify and meet the data requirements to implement data solutions that use Azure data services.
You will be responsible for data-related implementation tasks that include provisioning data storage services, ingesting streaming and batch data, transforming data, implementing security requirements, implementing data retention policies, identifying performance bottlenecks, and accessing external data sources.
You Have:
3+ years of experience with azure data solution design and implementation
3+ years of experience with implementing non-relational and relational data stores
3+ years of experience with managing and developing data process solutions
3+ years of experience with data monitoring and optimization
Experience with Azure Cloud or Cloud environments
Experience with data strategy, data estate, architecture, or ETL
Experience with large data migration from on-premise to cloud
Ability to obtain a security clearance
BA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:
Experience with the following data solutions: Azure Cosmos DB, Azure Blob, Azure SQL, and Azure storage
Microsoft Azure Data Engineer Associate Certification
Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	NTT DATA Services	Washington, DC	None	"Req ID: 134044
NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.
We are currently seeking a Cloud Engineer to join our team in Washington, District of Columbia (US-DC), United States (US).
Day to Day Job Duties:
Provide O&M support for the following Amazon Managed Services currently deployed in production below:
AWS Relational Database Service (RDS)
AWS Elastic Container Service (ECS)
AWS Elasticsearch
AWS Elastic Container Registry (ECR)
Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
AWS Elasticache
AWS Sage Maker
Amazon ElasticMapReduce (EMR)
AWS Glue
AWS Step Functions
AWS Athena
AWS Secrets Manager
Update the EDC TAD for new AWS Managed Service offerings as required.
Provide O&M support for new AWS Managed Service components and integrate the services into production operations when required.
Provide presentations to the AWS CAB and Engineering Review Board on the design and implementation of new AWS Managed Services.
Secure user access to the AWS Managed Services by creating AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles.
Stay current on new AWS Managed Services and brief the AWS CAB on services that will enhance data center efficiency and performance.
Monitor AWS service notifications for changes to existing EDC AWS Managed Services and inform USAID management of configuration changes required to ensure no impact to EDC operations.
Collaborate with the client’s engineering branch to implement new AWS Managed Services into the EDC.
Collaborate with the client’s O&M vendor to monitor and detect unauthorized EDC access.
Collaborate with the client’s O&M vendor to monitor and detect AWS security group/firewall port security and rule violations.
Basic Qualifications:
6+ years of cloud engineering experience in medium to large sized AWS based data center operations
5+ years of experience in medium to large sized AWS based data center operations
5+ years of AWS IaaS and Managed Services skills
5+ years of experience developing and implementing policies for the use of AWS cloud services, managing requests for new technology, establishing a secure cloud environment, and ensuring appropriate availability of services
AWS Solutions Architect certification
AWS SysOps Administrator certification
AWS Cloud Practitioner certification
Secret clearance required
Desired Qualifications:
The ideal candidate will possess AWS IaaS and Managed Services skills.
The candidate should carry AWS Solutions Architect, AWS SysOps Administrator and AWS Cloud Practitioner certifications.
The candidate should be proficient in developing and implementing policies for the use of AWS cloud services, managing requests for new technology, establishing a secure cloud environment, and ensuring appropriate availability of services.
The candidate should possess proficient oral and written communication skills.
About NTT DATA Services
NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.
NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran-status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Expression Networks	Washington, DC	None	"Expression Networks is one of the fastest growing government contractors in the Washington, DC area. We are looking for an experienced Cloud Engineer to help manage our cloud environments throughout our software / system product lifecycle. You will be particularly responsible to implement, test, and support both production cloud environments for our customers and research and development needs.
The successful candidate must be proficient in developing and explaining the value of cloud computing technologies - and be able to create cost models for proposals and customer budgeting.
This is a ‘multiple hats' role, that requires significant interactions with the technical teams in the company and also closely with our customers. An important part of this role is architecting, designing, and documenting new and cutting edge cloud environments and enclaves making the best use of new CI/CD, security, microservices, automation, and machine learning technologies. In this role you will work daily with development leads, DevSecOps engineers, system administrators, and program managers to ensure requirements, features, performance, and availability are met in our deployments.
This role requires highly effective communication in verbal and written form, including significant writing of architectural, design, installation documentation as well as training of operations teams on the proper operation and troubleshooting. We are seeking an individual who has a good set of training, experience, and a demonstrated ability and self-motivated desire to learn and grow in the field of cloud computing.
Job Responsibilities:
Architect, design, engineer, and administer cloud-based / microservices environments.
Work closely with development, deployment, and operations teams to ensure a smooth transition of systems through all program phases and into the cloud without gaps.
Evaluate and model cloud, non-cloud, and hybrid environment costs / resources / opportunity costs to satisfy program / customer goals.
Design and stand-up prototype and pre-production environments to quickly compare alternative architectures and recommend approaches that best balance competing tradeoffs.
Research, design, and implement automation and effective monitoring.
Document and present all portions of cloud environments for internal and customer needs - in all areas, such as: architecture, costs, scalability, CI/CD design, container management, security, maintenance, testing.
Provide leadership in the company for next generation cloud-based technologies through a process of continuous learning and research.
Provide a primary interface with commercial cloud service providers, customers, etc. as a cloud expert.
Required Qualifications:
Minimum of Secret Clearance required due to contractual obligations
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or Software Engineering or equivalent amount of education and experience.
Minimum of 3 years experience with designing and deploying cloud environments. 5 years experience desired.
Minimum of 5 years experience in the field of software development.
Minimum of 3 years of experience with tools and processes used for secure cloud computing.
Demonstrate a strong understanding of source code / versioning tools.
Understanding of artifact repositories.
Strong analytical / problem solving skills.
Highly Desired:
AWS certifications highly preferred.
Relevant certificates / trainings in cloud, container, and microservices technologies.
Government cloud environment preferred.
Microservices experience with at least one technology including Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes, etc.
Benefits:
Expression Networks offers competitive salaries and benefits, such as:
401k matching
PPO and HDHP medical/dental/vision insurance
Education reimbursement
Complimentary life insurance
Generous PTO and holiday leave
Onsite office gym access
Commuter Benefits Plan
About Expression Networks:
Founded in 1997 and headquartered in Washington DC, Expression Networks provides data fusion, data analytics, software engineering, information technology, and electromagnetic spectrum management solutions to the U.S. Department of Defense, Department of State, and national security community. Expression's “Perpetual Innovation” culture focuses on creating immediate and sustainable value for our clients via agile delivery of tailored solutions built through constant engagement with our clients. Expression Networks was ranked #1 on the Washington Technology 2018's Fast 50 list of fastest growing small business Government contractors and a Top 20 Big Data Solutions Provider by CIO Review.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled"	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	CODEplus	Fairfax, VA 22031	None	"Cloud Engineer
POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's degree and 3 years of experience or equivalent
at least one (1) year of containerization experience
3 years of Linux experience administration experience, and experience maintaining web
servers and application servers.
Working understanding of Docker and Orchestration environments
Working understanding and experience with Docker installation, configuration, and
upgrades
Working understanding and experience with Docker application deployments using
Docker-compose standalone and stack deployments
Working understanding of Docker storage architectures Working understanding of Linux
Excellent communication and writing skills (ability to communicate technical concepts to a
non-technical audience).
Experience with Lean, Agile, DevOps tools such as Atlassian Confluence, JIRA
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Cloud Engineer will support the effort to work with the architecture and engineering team to
maintain an on-premise Docker environment as part of our team. The successful candidate will be
able to thrive in an Agile development environment, demonstrating ability to manage both time
and scope to fit tasks into quick development iterations.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
Assist application teams in migrating their applications to Docker
Support of Docker/Container and Middleware software tasks and problem resolution as
needed.
Provide support for Development, Test, and Production environments
Docker Swarm clusters and containers
Tomcat servers (containerized and non-containerized instances)
Container and application monitoring and alerting
Support, manage and maintain any Dev/Ops processes related to containers or middleware
that includes Continuous Integration (CI) processes related to containerization
Configure, maintain, and troubleshoot middleware issues including: Tomcat, Containers
(Docker)
Manage and Maintain the Docker/Container image repository based on established security
and process guidelines.
Establishing, implementing, and maintaining custom monitoring for applications
2750 Prosperity Avenue, Suite 230, Fairfax, VA (703) 846-0030 code-plus.com"	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS	Washington, DC	None	"PwC’s Cloud Computing and Networking practice helps our clients transform their business through innovative technology solutions and effective IT Service Management. Part of that journey includes helping our clients enable innovation, reinventing their customer experience, and exploring new markets. You will be immersed in a variety of different projects, groups, and locations while getting inspired through your community to grow as an individual as well as a team. Our diverse client service teams encourages out-of-the-box thinking, problem solving, great team mentality and a curiosity for understanding the latest in technology.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As an Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Invite and give in the moment feedback in a constructive manner.
Share and collaborate effectively with others.
Identify and make suggestions for improvements when problems and/or opportunities arise.
Handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
Follow risk management and compliance procedures.
Keep up-to-date with developments in area of specialism.
Communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in the materials I produce.
Build and maintain an internal and external network.
Seek opportunities to learn about how PwC works as a global network of firms.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Additional Responsibilities:
PwC's Cloud Engineering and Security Hub enables us to supercharge business transformation, powered by the cloud. The Hub combines deep cloud talent and business, industry, and technical expertise to deliver cloud-powered business outcomes. Our full-stack cloud engineering capabilities enhance our Cloud Transformation solutions, helping clients unlock the full potential of their IT strategy from App Migration & Modernization, Native Cloud development, through data transformation and beyond.
Custom Orgs:

Global LoS:

Advisory

Global Network:

Technology Consulting

Global Competency Network:

Cloud Computing & Networking

Go-To-Market:

Cloud Engineering and Security Hub

Sector:

Not Applicable

Programme Type:

Contract Type - Not Applicable

Job Requirements and Preferences:


Basic Qualifications:


Minimum Degree Required:

Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:

1 year(s)


Preferred Qualifications:


Preferred Fields of Study:

Artificial Intelligence and Robotics, Business Application Programming, Computer Applications, Computer and Information Science, Computer Systems Analysis, Computer Programming, Computer Engineering, Data Processing/Analytics/Science, Information Technology, Industrial and Operations Engineering, Engineering, Engineering and Business, Industrial Engineering, Systems Engineering, Web Design

Certification(s) Preferred:
One or more Developer certifications from AWS, Azure, or GCP
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team member with:
Using appropriate AWS services to design and deploy architecture and applications based on given customer and/or Solutions Architect’s requirements;
Implementing enterprise-wide scalable and high-availability operations on AWS;
Applying DevOps concepts including IAC using Terraform or CloudFormation, configuration management using Chef, and Ansible, CI/CD using Jenkins, CodeDeploy, etc;
Making informed decisions about customers’ infrastructure and understanding the impact of design decisions;
Understanding compliant environments including PCI, HIPAA, etc;
Understanding core AWS security and auditing capabilities;
Understanding AWS security controls, network boundary controls, and related toolsets;
Having AWS Associate-level (Architect and/or DevOps) Certification or equivalent AWS experience;
Understanding of the various IT infrastructures and application stacks;
Using Configuration Management and Configuration Orchestration tools, such as Ansible, Terraform, Chef, etc.;
Working on multiple projects simultaneously and adhere to project timelines;
Understanding DevOps Concepts like IaC, CI/CD, blue-green deployments, etc;
Implementing and following agile methodology; and,
Working within customer requirements and advising customers on best practices while upholding customer service standards.
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team member:
Performing migrations to AWS leveraging tools like CloudEndure and AWS Database Migration Service;
Working with one or more of the following: Apache, nginx, Tomcat, IIS, and varnish;
Managing various database engines, such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, and MSSQL;
Working with third-party cost optimization tools (CloudHealth, CloudCheckr, etc);
Building and deploying AWS infrastructure using Terraform or CloudFormation and develop scripts for future reuse;
Leveraging tools like Terraform and Jenkins to incrementally automate, modernize, and improve customers’ environments;
Developing CI/CD pipelines for various application stacks, including LAMP, Java, and Node.js;
Implementing centralized logging solutions such as SumoLogic and CloudWatch Logs;
Working with one or more scripting languages (e.g. Bash, Powershell, Ruby, Python, Node.js, etc);
Working with containerization using Docker or Kubernetes, preferably on AWS;
Improving the security posture of our customers by performing various assessments and analyses using tools like CloudCheckr and AlertLogic; and,
Identifying areas for cost savings through Auto Scaling, right-sizing, and elimination of waste within the customer’s AWS environments.


All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer."	6252	Washington
Cloud Support Engineer	Brightspot	Reston, VA	None	"At Brightspot® we believe technology should enable content-focused teams to work smarter, faster, and more seamlessly to move businesses forward. With decades of experience in publishing and media, we help companies transform their business content and digital experiences by creating enterprise applications at scale with astonishing speed.

Do you want to work hard alongside smart and talented product managers, engineers, and designers every day? Do you excel when you are smack in the middle of a challenging project, thrive when things get complex, and yawn when everything is going according to plan? Do you actually want to like your clients and coworkers?
Our Cloud Engineers practice a hybrid of System Administration, Configuration/Release Management, and Systems Integration. At Brightspot, it’s not just about supporting software releases, it’s about departmental collaboration to bring success to our clients. We’re looking for an enthusiastic and proactive participant in a growing client support organization, focusing on highly available, highly visible cloud operations.
Responsibilities
Implement and manage multi-server deployments in AWS, Rackspace Cloud and Microsoft Azure
Collaborate with development teams to deploy new code to production environments
Maintain and improve monitoring systems and alarms for production environments, using Zabbix, Pingdom, ElasticSearch and Graylog
Set up back-up mechanisms for production environment and test disaster recovery mechanisms
Manage incident response with other engineers and clients
Participate in rotating 24/7 on-call schedules with team members
Qualifications
2+ years of relevant experience in Cloud Operations
Any familiarity with the following technologies in our stack: Linux, git, ruby, bash, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, Kubernetes, MySQL, Solr, Apache, Tomcat, Java, Graylog, Kibana, Zabbix, and Datadog
Proven troubleshooting and problem-solving skills in a cloud-based application environment
Outstanding communication skills with the ability to work in a client-facing role"	6252	Washington
Cloud Architect	Pistis llc	Washington, DC	$95 - $100 an hour	Cloud Architect/SME (CLIN2)Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in an information technology or related fields.Must be a United States Citizen and able to obtain or currently possess a U.S. Government clearance at the Public Trust.Over 10 years of experience in Systems Engineering or relatedMust have about 3-5 years of experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud migration, architecture, operations, administration and automationBe able to communicate ideas outside asides from their work-product – think outside-the-box.Ability to converse with business stakeholders and elicit requirements to identify the what, how, who, when and why of a future state system.Ability to solution a technical capability that employs the requirements from #3 into a technical design for deployment to AWS cloud.Preferred Certification: AWS Certified Solutions ArchitectContract length: 6 monthsJob Types: Full-time, Part-time, ContractSalary: $95.00 - $100.00 per hourSpeak with the employer+91 7326728031	6252	Washington
Software Development Engineer, AWS Security Assurance Engineering	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
3+ years of professional experience developing software in Java, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, or other language
2+ years of professional experience contributing to system designs and scaling new/existing solutions in a distributed, virtualized, or cloud environment.

The AWS Security Assurance Engineering team is responsible for scaling AWS's ability to exceed the security and compliance expectations of our regulators, auditors, and customers globally. Our team engages directly with AWS service teams to bake security and compliance safeguards into their service offerings. We own driving highly complex security and compliance campaigns across AWS. We design and build services that stand up to the scrutiny of external regulators and inspection by AWS's most security-sensitive customers. We are a multidisciplinary team comprised of software engineers, security engineers, program managers, data engineers, and compliance specialists. If you are looking for an opportunity to think big, invent, experiment, build, and have a material impact on cloud security and compliance, this is it.

As a Software Engineer on our team, you will build and own internal services that identify and monitor security/compliance-relevant attributes of key infrastructure, scale security and compliance assessments of AWS services, and expand our ability to continuously monitor key security functions. You will be part of a growing team that has a high bar for engineer excellence, minimal technical debt, new services to build, and fairly quiet pagers. You will contribute to solving complex engineering problems as well as business problems.

This position can also be located at our Seattle, WA location.

Work/Life Balance
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring. We care about your career growth as a passionate learner that is motivated to take on challenges.


BS or MS in Computer Science or related field.
Experience with Java, CDK, serverless, and building with AWS services
Experience being part of a team that implements Agile software engineering practices.
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role.
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us ."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	SAIC	Reston, VA 20190	$125,001 - $135,000 a year	"Job ID: 218953
Location: RESTON , VA , US
Date Posted: 2021-06-18
Category: Information Technology
Subcategory: Cloud Comp Engr
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day Job
Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time
Minimum Clearance Required: None
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Public Trust
Potential for Remote Work: Yes
Description
SAIC has a contingent opportunity for Cloud Engineer:
Architects, Designs, plans, and integrates cloud computing and virtualization systems.
Provides specific, detailed information for hardware and software selection, cloud service provider selection, implementation techniques, application & data migration techniques and tools for the most efficient solution to meet business needs, including present and future capacity requirements.
Setup and maintain Azure environments, configure networks and security in line with the design
· Participate in design and development of new features and components. · Work with team leads to validate requirements, and perform impact analysis of new requirements and/or changes to the existing system.
Develops and conducts testing of cloud and virtualization systems. Maintains technical expertise relevant industry standards and in cloud computing and virtualization technologies such as cloud service provider architecture, design, and configuration; cloud deployment models including public, community, private, and hybrid; cloud service delivery models including infrastructure-, platform-, and software-as-a-service; automation; hypervisors; containers; virtual compute, storage, and networks; virtual infrastructure management; self-provisioning; and scaling. Evaluates and reports on new cloud and virtualization technologies to enhance capabilities of cloud-based and virtualized services. May also provide systems engineering activities such as: Concept of Operations Formulation, Requirements Definition, Analysis and Engineering, System Architecting, System Analysis and Design, Interface and Data Architectures, Validation and Verification, System Integration, System & Op. Performance Analysis, Lifecycle Cost Analysis & Estimation, Decision Analysis and Physical Configuration Analysis (PCA). Ensures the logical and systematic conversion of product requirements into total systems solutions that acknowledge technical, schedule, and cost constraints. Performs functional analysis, timeline analysis, detail trade studies, requirements allocation and interface definition studies to translate customer requirements into hardware and software specifications.

Qualifications
10 years experience in IT
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, or related technical discipline is required.
Experience with scripting languages is required
Experience in agile development is required.
Experience with Microsoft Team Foundation Server is required.
· Experience with ASP .NET and SQL server is a plus. · Knowledge of XML schemas, XBRL and XSLT is a plus.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Public Trust Clearance
Target salary range: $125,001 - $135,000. The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors.
SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all."	6252	Washington
Solution Engineer - Marketing Cloud - Financial Services	Salesforce	Washington, DC	$92,260 a year	"To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.
Job Category
Sales
Job Details
The Marketing Cloud Solution Engineering team (aka ""Sales Engineering"") is an innovative group of professionals at the heart of the Marketing Cloud’s industry leading solutions. This talented team helps Salesforce customers and prospects develop and implement strategies to take their digital marketing efforts to an entirely new level. Through collaboration with the customer, the Marketing Cloud Products team, Professional Services and the Solutions Engineers develop unique solutions that help our customers connect with their customers in new ways. The SE world is a dynamic, ever changing environment where expertise in design, business consulting and technology is leveraged every day to drive innovation.


The Solution Engineering team sits at the intersection of Sales, Marketing, Professional Services and Product. This unique perspective creates an opportunity for the SE to interact with the entire customer lifecycle. If you enjoy a fast-paced environment full of interesting challenges and opportunities to create compelling Solutions in the field of digital marketing then the Marketing Cloud SE team is the department for you.

Your Impact:
A Solution Engineer at Salesforce Marketing Cloud plays a pivotal role in aligning innovative digital marketing strategies to technology solutions within key strategic accounts. This role focuses on partnering with clients and collaborating with internal team members and C-level client contacts to drive consensus on multi-product technology solutions across the various Salesforce product lines. Solutions Engineers work on a wide array of assignments including business development, operations and IT strategies, as well as executive level product demonstrations. This person must assume the role of trusted advisor for driving innovative solutions forward while also improving business performance. The Solutions Engineer focuses primarily in these three areas:
Business Problem Solving: Take ambiguous and complex business problems and using research and business assessment capabilities, define the problem, drive innovative ideas, define the opportunity set, and recommend actionable next steps.
Innovation Management: Bring rigor to a client’s decision making process by presenting and evaluating solution options, and driving consensus among key stakeholders. In some instances, we help our clients develop new decision frameworks and governance processes that continue to deliver value far beyond a particular engagement.
Connect Experiences: Demonstrate through software demos and rapid prototyping how connected experiences come to life with The Salesforce Marketing Cloud. This includes the delivery of executive level software demonstrations, construction of future state customer journey strategies, and developing long term IT roadmaps.
Industry Understanding & Experience: Have considerable knowledge and experience working with Financial Services accounts. The SE will need to be comfortable discussing the challenges and needs of this industry with C-Level Executives. Credibility and trust is a Salesforce core characteristic and our Vertical Customers expect engagement in their language and terms with focus on their unique needs.
“Solutioning” is fundamental to the Marketing Cloud SE role. It is important to realize that a component of the responsibilities will include assisting the customer, Account Executive and Professional Services team with the discovery, analysis and ultimately the recommendation of strategic solutions for the customer by delivering visionary pitches based in live product demonstrations to validate. These Solutions will leverage the Marketing Cloud technology to address the core marketing challenges and objectives that are uniquely identified for each customer.
Minimum Requirements:
B.S. Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or related degree
Minimum 3 years of experience in pre-sales consulting with experience focused exclusively on the digital space
Preferred Requirements:
Previous experience as a Solutions Engineer or other Customer Facing Role. Experience with Pardot, Exact Target, or similar marketing technology is preferred.
Excellent communication and presentation skills; dynamic (persuasive) in presenting ideas to clients and prospective clients from VP to C-level
Demonstrated success driving organizational change within client organizations
Past experience in organizational design consulting, process design and optimization, digital governance, and team dynamics a strong plus
Ability to work with a broad team across multiple disciplines to help customers transform their business using the Salesforce Customer
Success Platform
Analyze, structure, and negotiate long-term technology roadmap initiatives with clients and partners
Ability to understand, communicate and manage across the entire project lifecycle
Broad knowledge of technology trends and relevance to clients businesses
Proven experience leading strategy and digital roadmap projects in a complex business and marketing environment
Strong understanding of user research, user-centered design principles and online consumer behavior
New business opportunity identification
Requires 30% travel
About Salesforce

Founded in 1999, Salesforce is the global leader in Customer Relationship Management (CRM). Companies of every size and industry are using Salesforce to transform their businesses, across sales, service, marketing, commerce, and more by connecting with customers in a whole new way. We harness technologies that can revolutionize companies, careers, and, hopefully, our world.


Salesforce is built on a set of four core values: Trust, Customer Success, Innovation, and Equality. By making technology more accessible, we're helping create a future with greater opportunity and equality for all. This has taken our company to great heights, including being named one of the FORTUNE ""100 Best Companies to Work For®"" for 12 years in a row.


There are those who choose to work with the best and brightest. And then, there are those who want to do more than just a job. They are the ones improving lives, not only their careers. Having an impact now instead of later. Doing something that’s so much bigger than themselves, an industry, and their company.


We believe everyone can be a Trailblazer. Join Salesforce and discover a future of new opportunities.
For Colorado-based roles: Minimum annual base salary of $92,260. You may also be offered incentive compensation, bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. More details about our company benefits can be found at the following link: https://www.getsalesforcebenefits.com/
Accommodations
If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.
Posting Statement
At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits.
Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesfore.com or Salesforce.org.
Salesforce welcomes all.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."	6252	Washington
Cloud DevOps Engineer	Booz Allen Hamilton	Herndon, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Are you looking for an opportunity to make a difference in Cybersecurity? What if you could find a position that is tailor made for your mix of development, engineering, and communication skills? Efficient software development teams make the most of their time by limiting the activities that take developers away from writing their code. That’s why we need you, an experienced DevOps engineer, to help us shorten the time it takes to get critical tools developed and into the hands of Cybersecurity analysts who need them to protect the nation's critical infrastructure and information systems.
As a DevOps engineer on our team, you’ll use your development experience to streamline our software development lifecycle from requirements to monitoring in production. You’ll lead efforts to incorporate open source tools, automation, and cloud resources to cut down on tedious, boring tasks and free up the team’s developers to do what they do best – innovate. You’ll implement continuous integration and delivery to limit manual testing and troubleshooting. This is an opportunity to broaden your skillset into areas like automation and cloud-based development while developing software that will national cybersecurity. As a technical leader, you’ll identify new opportunities to build software solutions to help your customers meet their toughest challenges. Join our team as we build tools to transform the future of cybersecurity.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
3+ years of experience with working on software development teams
2+ years of experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS)
2+ years of experience with container orchestration including Docker, AWS ECS, or Kubernetes
2+ years of experience with linux-based operating systems and programming
Experience with messaging/streaming brokers including RabbitMQ, Kafka, or AWS SNS/SQS
Experience with CI/CD, Cloud & task automation including Jenkins, SonarQube, or Terraform
Knowledge of operating systems, web technologies, software systems, networks, and security
Ability to obtain a security clearance
BA or BS degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics
Nice If You Have:
Experience with distributed systems engineering
Experience with AI/ML Ops
Experience with Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana (ELK)
Experience with databases & administration, including Postgres, MySQL, or Graph/No-SQL databases
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Build Your Career:
A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to:
experts in virtually every field
a culture that focuses on supporting our employees
opportunities that provide stability while offering variety
You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	6252	Washington
Azure Cloud Engineer/Solution Architect	Praescient Analytics	Washington, DC	None	"Praescient Analytics, LLC is a Veteran-led, certified Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB) founded in 2011 which specializes in implementing advanced analytics solutions across the defense, intelligence, and law enforcement communities. With over 40 contracts across 6 continents, over 70% of our employees are veterans and or have intelligence, law enforcement or counter fraud experience. We fully understand the unique challenges of our clients and work to identify, vet, implement, and enhance commercial and proprietary technologies to provide full scope solutions, because we have been there. Praescient has extensive experience designing, developing, and integrating solutions for customers including the US Army, Special Operations Command (SOCOM), US Navy (USN), US Marine Corps (USMC), US Coast Guard (USCG), Department of Justice (DOJ), Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), intelligence community, and local law enforcement agencies, among others.

To support the mission of the Offices of Inspectors General (OIG), the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee (PRAC) has established the Pandemic Response Center of Excellence (PACE) for the purpose of conducting data analysis and visualization; sharing leading practices; providing tools and services; and providing investigative intelligence. The mission of the PRAC is to promote transparency and conduct and support oversight of covered funds and the Coronavirus response to (1) prevent and detect fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement (FWA&M); and (2) mitigate major risks that cut across program and agency boundaries. As part of this mission, the PRAC works with Federal Inspectors General (IGs) to develop recommendations on measures to prevent or address fraud, waste, abuse and mismanagement; provides support in conducting investigations, audits, and reviews relating to the covered funds and Coronavirus response; and refers matters for criminal investigations.

Praescient Analytics is in search of a Solutions Architect with experience developing, designing, building, and executing an Azure cloud environment.

Primary Responsibilities:

Work independently with business and technical stakeholders to understand the organization's obstacles.
Estimate and outline the solutions needed to implement cloud migration.
Identify, communicate, and mitigate the assumptions, issues, and risks that occur throughout the entire project lifecycle.

Required Qualifications:

Solution Architect with 2 years of hands-on experience over the last two years.
Demonstrate at least 2 years of hands-on experience as an Azure cloud architect designing, implementing, and monitoring complex infrastructures.
Experience vetting and reengineering existing infrastructures with the ability to identify gaps and recommend detailed efficient transition plans.

Desired Qualifications:

Familiarity with one or more of the following subjects: Azure administration, Azure development, or DevOps.
Excellent communication skills.

What you can expect from us:

Real opportunity for career growth in an environment where your achievements will be celebrated
Constant collaboration with numerous teams to ensure client success
A team that respects and embraces your ideas and expertise
Coworkers that are motivated by pursuing excellence, rather than the prospect of personal gain
A workplace dedicated to supporting and bettering public safety and government agencies

Benefits:

Very competitive salary based on qualifications and experience
Comprehensive, Company paid United Health Care Medical for you and your family (We pay your premiums and deductibles)
401(k) & 4% matching
Travel & performance incentives
3 weeks paid time off (plus Federal Holidays)
$5K annual training allowance
$500 book allowance
Tuition reimbursement program

Praescient Analytics is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all. Employees and applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity, national origin, legally protected physical or mental disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or status in the uniformed services of the United States, status as a disabled veteran or veteran of the Vietnam era, or on any other basis which is protected under applicable law. This includes a commitment to provide a work environment that is free from all forms of illegal harassment including sexual harassment.

This covers all terms and conditions of employment including (but not limited to):


Hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, or demotion of all job classifications;
Recruiting, advertising or solicitation for employment;
Treatment during employment;
Rates of pay or other forms of compensation;
Benefits;
Selection for training;
Company sponsored social and recreational activities; and
Layoff or termination

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
US Citizenship Required
Praescient Analytics is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Interested Candidates: Please forward your resume to recruiting@praescientanalytics.com and please visit our website to apply online at www.praescientanalytics.applicantstack.com/x/openings."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Byte Systems	Reston, VA	None	"MUST be a US Citizen with a U.S. Government clearance - TS/SCI with Polygraph

NOTE: Must have an active TS-SCI with poly. No sponsorships or upgrades are available. Submissions without this requirement will not be considered. H1-B holders will not be considered.

Description

BYTE Systems is looking for a pro-active Senior level Cloud Engineer with a broad range of skills to deploy and manage software in our intelligence customer environment. This person will aid in every part of the delivery cycle, from engagement with senior customers to software development as a forward-deployed member of Agile teams.

Primary Responsibilities


Leverage knowledge and skills associated with cloud-first and AWS native architectures.
Leverage knowledge and skills associated with AWS Console, CLI, and Manage Services
Utilizing cloud services to build infrastructure as code in an automated fashion
Implement DevSecOps including auto-scaled architectures for rebuilds
Use knowledge for IT systems to include, but not limited to;
Linux baselines: CentOS and Ubuntu, Bash Scripting and hardening protocols
Micro-Services: building decoupled systems, utilizing RESTful endpoints and lightweight systems
Data Management: landing zones, data lakes, and data movement restrictions for security
Development: Modern coding principles, continuous integration pipelines, and automation-first implementations
Security: understanding of information security postures for members of the Intelligence Community, engineering of secure solutions, and experience providing security documentation
Operations: continuous deployments, rip and replace architectures, dynamic monitoring, and quick-response operations up-time
CI/CD tools: Git and Jenkins

Basic Qualifications


Significant experience with cloud-first and AWS native architectures
Significant experience with AWS Console, CLI, and manage services utilizing cloud services to build infrastructure as a code in an automated fashion

Preferred Qualifications


AWS certifications, like associates and developer
At least 2 years of C2S experience
Demonstrated experience of the following;

Cloud formation


Serverless architectures and implementations
Big data solutions for data lake implementations (Elasticsearch)
Managing complex Sponsor relationships and requirements gathering
Experience with migrating workloads to the cloud
Injecting detailed technical direction into teams for adoption

Candidate must have an active TS/SCI with polygraph

Candidate must have BS degree with 4-8 years of prior relevant experience or Masters with 2-4 years of prior relevant experience. Additional years of experience can be accepted in lieu of a degree

Benefits:
5 week paid vacation + 10 gov't holidays
15% contribution to 401k
LTD, STD disability and life insurance
Paid health, dental, and vision for employee and family.
$5000 annual training expense reimbursement
Computer purchase plan"	6252	Washington
Mid-Level Cloud Architect	Blue Clarity	Springfield, VA 22150	$80,000 - $120,000 a year	Find meaning in your work and join a collaborative company with challenging and innovative opportunities in Customer Experience and IT Strategy. Blue Clarity, LLC blends strategy and analytics with customer insights, design and creative thinking to help our clients discover, implement and improve their products and services. Blue Clarity colleagues apply their natural curiosity to the company’s culture of customer-focused trusted advisory and thought leadership.Position Location: SpringfieldStatus: Full-timeGovernment Security Clearance: REQUIREDOverall Assignment DescriptionMid-level Cloud Architects support the planning and development of cloud services architectures. They analysis of cloud service alternatives are conducted and prioritized to ensure the Government properly architects business and mission solutions using cloud bases systems and services.Duties include: · Supports cultural change for cloud adoption.· Supports development and coordination of cloud architectures.· Supports the development of cloud strategies and coordinating adoption of cloud-based solutions.Skills and Experience: Required:· Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, or related STEM degree program.· Mid-level working experience in cloud-based systems architecting.Desired: · Previous working experience in government or industry, within Cloud Architect profession.· One or more Cloud Certifications:o Cloud Certified Solutions Architecto AWS Certifiedo Cisco Certified Networking Administrator – Cloudo Cisco Certified Network Professional – Cloudo IBM Certified Cloud Solution Architecto MCSE Cloud Platform and Infrastructureo VMware Certified Professional (VCP7-CMA)Why Blue Clarity?· Opportunity for growth within position and within company· Work for innovative government clients· Contribute to company business development efforts – we value our employee’s ideas and referrals!· Comprehensive Benefits Package· Flexible schedule (*depending on client)· Regular company training and team building activities· Collaborative, creative, inclusive and fun team environmentJob Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayApplication Question(s):This position requires a specific security clearance. What level of security clearance do you currently hold?What is your highest STEM degree? And what university did you earn it at?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Cloud architecture: 6 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Top Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
AWS Architect/Engineer	Dovel Technologies, LLC	Bowie, MD	$160,888 - $185,610 a year	"Overview:

This position is in support of our Federal IT Infrastracture support program in Bowie, MD.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Identify & define technical requirements for an AWS-based application.
Architect & deploy secure and robust applications on AWS IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS.
Identify which AWS services meet a given technical requirement.
Recommend best practices for building secure & reliable applications on AWS.
Deploy infrastructure as code using Terraform coding, templates, and automation.
#LI-SR1 #AWSJobs
Requirements:
Typically requires a BS degree and 8 to 10 years of experience.
AWS Solution Architect-Associate Certification.
One or more years of hands-on experience designing cost-efficient, fault-tolerant and scalable distributed systems on AWS.
Must have an understanding of the AWS Global Infrastructure, Network Technologies and Security tools & features that AWS provides.
must have familiarity with AWS Command Line Interface (CLI), Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), CloudFormation (CF) & Terraform templates, Windows & Linux environments, and the AWS Management Console
Compensation:

The proposed salary range for this position is $160,888 - $185,610. Final salary will be determined based on various factors such as geography, experience, certifications, etc.

Company Description:

We are a trusted government partner that blends deep domain expertise with advanced technologies to help our customers solve complex problems that improve, protect, and save lives. As a rapidly growing company, we combine entrepreneurial spirit, customer focus, and an outcomes-based approach to support agency missions in health IT, life sciences, public safety, and grants management.
The Dovel Family of Companies offers employees an opportunity to advance beyond a specific role or contract, we offer a path to develop an enriching career. We believe in empowering a culture of innovation, customer success, and employee growth.
What you’ll get…
Time Off! Flexible schedules and company paid holidays allow you to take the time you need.
Investment in YOU! 401(K) company contributions are yours to keep with no waiting period.
Choices! Unique healthcare plans to choose from with options like fertility and orthodontia benefits.
Discovery! With our tuition assistance and training programs, we support your career advancement.
Tax Savings! Enroll in pre-tax Health or Dependent Care Flexible Spending, HSA with company contributions, parking, and/or transit commuter benefits.
Support! Working parents and busy professionals – we’ve got you covered with a supportive culture, confidential Employee Assistance Program and a membership to Care.com.
Perks! Employee discounts, peer recognition programs, company-wide wellness challenges, and fun community events.
A Voice! A unique culture where you can influence decisions and have your voice heard.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status."	6252	Washington
Azure Cloud Engineer	Zenius Corporation	Washington, DC	None	Zenius Corporation is seeking a senior Azure Cloud Engineer. The selected candidate will use cutting-edge cloud and data technologies to streamline services to our clients. Join our team of Data and Cloud professionals and accomplish what others only dream of.Job DutiesDesign and develop automation to support continuous delivery and continuous integration processes, analyze client workflows, and determine the best solutions for a successful enterprise Azure infrastructure.Employ excellent client-facing and consulting skills to create innovative business solutions based on your network and systems experienceGuiding the design and implementation of secure solutions and services across the client's business and IT support areasDefine and implement secure networking solutions between on-premises data centers and commercial cloudsDevelop solutions integrating Microsoft Azure commercial clouds (public and government community) with services hosted on-premises and in other cloudsDevelop and maintain software solutions/scripts to support automation of cloud configuration and administrationImplement cloud infrastructure solution offerings based on public cloud, private cloud, hybrid client environments, and multi-cloud environmentsSupport security audits, accreditation, and certification processes, and obtaining authority to operate (ATO) for cloud-based system architecturesSet quality standards for tools, techniques, and methodologies, advising on their application, and ensuring complianceUtilize automation toolsAssist with upgrading, installing, and configuring monitoring solutions for Azure for Windows and Linux servers.Work in a DevOps capacity with a desire to automate all repetitive processes within the Azure environment.Ability to work with cross-functional remote teamsQualificationsCloud orchestration and automation toolsProviding continuous monitoring and supportDelivering solutions using Agile methodologiesExperience with the planning, configuration, optimization, and deployment of Microsoft Azure solutions (VMs, AD, Automation, Monitor, Backup/recovery etc.)Azure Certification required5+ years of experience in systems engineering, designing platforms to support developersStrong experience with API Security, Container Security, Azure Cloud SecurityMust be well versed in general infrastructure technology and understand public and private cloud concepts such as Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), Desktop as a Service (DaaS), and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)Experience with automation to Infrastructure (IaC-Infrastructure as Code)Experience with the Cloud, Windows/SQL Server, Application Support, PowerShell scripting, and virtualizationExperience developing, configuring, and managing cloud-based systems supporting enterprise web-based applicationsAbility to manage Azure subscriptions and resources, implement and manage storage, deploy and manage virtual machines, configure and manage virtual networks, and manage identitiesExperience implementing secure and scalable hybrid cloud architecturesExperience with DevOps workflows using tools like GitLab, Jenkins, JIRA, Confluence, and othersConditions of EmploymentYou must possess U.S. Citizenship or be a U.S. National.You must complete a favorable Background Investigation (BI).You must possess a Public Trust Clearance or be able to obtain a Public Trust ClearanceCompany BackgroundHeadquartered in Leesburg, Virginia, Zenius Corporation is a HUBZone-certified small business. Zenius specializes in providing Grants Management & Modernization, IT Optimization, and Financial Management services to Federal agencies. Zenius is selected by Inc 5000 as one of the fastest-growing companies in the DC Metro Area award for two years in a row – 2021 and 2020. Zenius is also listed by Financial Times as one of the fastest-growing companies in the Americas in 2021. Zenius is an awardee of 2019 Best of Leesburg winner (Business Management Consultant category). Learn more at https://www.zeniuscorp.com.Benefits:Zenius Corporation is a very employee-oriented company. Join us now and help us grow!We offer a competitive benefits package that includes: paid holidays and paid time off; medical insurance including health, vision, dental insurance; and flexible schedules, as per business needs. We also work with our employees on training and professional certification plans that benefit the employee.Equal Opportunity Employer:Zenius Corporation provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Zenius complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.Zenius Corporation expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:Day shiftApplication Question(s):What is your requested salary?What is your citizenship Status?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:AWS and Azure Cloud Security: 5 years (Preferred)Cloud orchestration and automation: 5 years (Preferred)Agile methodologies: 5 years (Preferred)systems engineering: 5 years (Preferred)API Security, Container Security: 5 years (Preferred)License/Certification:public trust clearance (Preferred)US citizenship (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	6252	Washington
Data Engineer - Cloud	CapTech Consulting	Reston, VA	None	"Company Description
CapTech is a team of master builders, creators, and problem solvers who help clients grow efficient, successful businesses. We unite diverse skills and perspectives to transform how data, systems, and ingenuity enable each client to advance what’s possible in a changing world.
As perceptive partners, our U.S-based consultants find inspiration in the unknown and enjoy getting our hands dirty solving our clients’ myriad of challenges. Across industries and business goals, we fuse technical depth and analytical prowess with creative savvy to move clients forward. This drive helps each organization use technology, management, and insight to turn ideas into action. Together, we create outcomes that exceed the expected — which is one of the reasons we’ve been on the Inc. 500/5000 list for over a decade.

Job Description
CapTech Data Engineering consultants enable clients to build and maintain advanced data systems that bring together data from disparate sources in order to enable decision-makers. We build pipelines and prepare data for use by data scientists, data analysts, and other data systems. We love solving problems and providing creative solutions for our clients. Cloud Data Engineers leverage the client’s cloud infrastructure to deliver this value today and to scale for the future. We enjoy a collaborative environment and have many opportunities to learn from and share knowledge with other developers, architects, and our clients.
Specific responsibilities for the Data Engineer – Cloud position include:
Developing data pipelines and other data products using Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Advising clients on specific technologies and methodologies for utilizing cloud resources to efficiently ingest and process data quickly
Utilizing your skills in engineering best practices to solve complex data problems
Collaborating with end users, development staff, and business analysts to ensure that prospective data architecture plans maximize the value of client data across the organization.
Articulating architectural differences between solution methods and the advantages/disadvantages of each

Qualifications
Qualifications :
Typical experience for successful candidates includes:
Experience delivering solutions on a major cloud platform
Ability to think strategically and relate architectural decisions/recommendations to business needs and client culture
Experience in the design and implementation of data architecture solutions
A wide range of production database experience, usually including substantial SQL expertise, database administration, and scripting data pipelines
Ability to assess and utilize traditional and modern architectural components required based on business needs.
A demonstrable ability to deliver production data pipelines and other data products. This could be hands on experience, degree, certification, bootcamp, or other learning.
Skills:
Successful candidates usually have demonstrable experience with technologies in some of these categories:
Languages: SQL, Python, Java, R, C# / C++ / C
Database: SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Snowflake, Redshift, Aurora, Presto, BigQuery, Oracle
DevOps: git, docker, subversion, Kubernetes, Jenkins
Additional Technologies: Spark, Databricks, Kafka, Kinesis, Hadoop, Lambda, EMR
Popular Certifications: AWS Cloud Practitioner, Microsoft Azure Data Fundamentals, Google Associate Cloud Engineer

Additional Information
We provide challenging and impactful opportunities in our client work and internal teams, while keeping individual interests in mind. We want everyone at CapTech to be able to envision a lifelong career here, which is why we offer a variety of career paths based on your skills and passions. As a CapTecher, you will experience exciting, and rewarding roles that help you grow and make a difference, while having fun along the way.
At CapTech we offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package including, but not limited to:
Competitive salary with performance-based bonus opportunities
Single and Family Health Insurance plans, including Dental and Vision coverage
Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Matching 401(k)
Competitive Paid Time Off
Paid Maternity Leave and Family Bonding
Training and Certification opportunities eligible for expense reimbursement
Team building and social activities
Mentor program to help you develop your career
CapTech is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culture of equality, inclusion and fairness — each foundational to our core values. We strive to create a diverse environment where each employee is encouraged to bring their unique ideas, backgrounds and experiences to the workplace.
At this time, CapTech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. Applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.
Candidates must be eligible to work in the U.S. for any employer directly (we are not open to contract or “corp to corp” agreements).
CapTech is a Drug-Free work place.
Candidates must have the ability to work at CapTech’s client locations.
All positions include the possibility of travel.
CapTech has not contracted/does not contract with any outside vendors in its recruitment process. If you are interested in this position, please apply to CapTech directly.
#LI-AB1"	6252	Washington
AWS Cloud Operations Engineer	CACI	Washington, DC 20005 (Logan Circle area)	None	"Job Description
CACI has an exciting opportunity for an AWS Cloud Operations Engineer to support the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).

In this role you will:
Have a strong technical background and excellent communication skills to interface with the government client, users, administrators, managers, and peer engineers. You are responsible for maintaining and managing production application Amazon AWS systems including operations & maintenance.
Engineer, install, maintain, configure, and optimize Microsoft server operating systems and hosted applications.
Perform analysis for collaboration of network / system needs and participate in planning, designing, upgrading and deployment of enterprise datacenter hardware and software using a project-based timeline.
Apply appropriate security measures to properly safeguard government systems by implementing industry standard best practices and DHS mandated mitigations.
Support the distribution of security patches throughout the enterprise using Microsoft Systems Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) and other enterprise level tools.
Participate in on-call rotation to handle and resolve high severity technical escalations.
Design, build, test and deploy highly scalable and resilient cloud-based applications on private and public clouds.
Design and implement appropriate environments for those applications, engineer suitable release management procedures and provide production support.
Influence other teams and broader Engineering groups in adopting Cloud technologies, processes, and best practices.
Redesign legacy applications for Cloud implementation.
Automate the provisioning of environments with Chef, Puppet, Ansible.
Troubleshoot problems, involving the appropriate resources and driving resolution of issues with a focus on minimizing impact to our clients.
Participate in the Agile DevOps design, development, testing, and release of new capabilities and features.
Collaborate with product owners (researchers and software developers) to identify and design topologies for custom business and scientific applications in AWS as part of our container PaaS, or as a custom solution.
Provide guidance for adhering to best practices for optimal and secure use of cloud technologies.
Assist development teams in migrating their products from on-prem infrastructure to AWS.
Work with other Cloud Solutions Engineers to develop prototypes and enhance or expand fundamental capabilities offered in the PaaS and containerized or serverless workloads.
Participate in a daily stand-up meeting to report your accomplishments, plans for the day, and any roadblocks you encountered.
Drive improvements to processes and design enhancements to automation to continuously improve the production environment.
Prepare, participate, present in Change Management process, Technical Review Board, and Change Control Board.
Document all work and updates in Service Now, JIRA, Confluence.
Document standard operating procedures (SOP), work instructions, guides, network diagrams, knowledge base articles.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications:
Ability to obtain DoD security clearance.
Ability to obtain a Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Entry on Duty (EOD)
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent + 10 years of applicable experience.
3+ years of Amazon AWS cloud support experience in a production environment including network, security, deployment, and automation.
Knowledge of commonly used AWS services, such as IAM, VPC, S3, EC2, CloudWatch and CloudTrail, Route 53, RDS, SSM and Lambda.
At least one Amazon AWS cloud certification.
3+ years supporting Microsoft Server and applications in a production environment including scripting.
Experience with Deployment Management tools such as Chef, Ansible or Puppet.
Experience collaborating across multiple functional/technical teams to deliver a project.
Provide on-call support for emergencies.
Demonstrated growth mindset, enthusiastic about learning new technologies quickly and applying gained knowledge to address business problems.
Ability to communicate with client on a business level and translate their needs into a technical solution.
Experience working with Agile Development practices.
2+ years of experience in technology delivery in a DevOps environment.
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively in interpersonal and written formats.
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Knowledge of IT strategy and management desirable.
Previous DHS experience.
DHSHP

What We Can Offer You:

We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location
US-Washington-DC-WASHINGTON DC


CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities."	6252	Washington
Cyber Defense Cloud DevSecOps Engineer	Accenture	Arlington, VA	None	"Accenture is a global collective of innovators whose aim is to improve the way the world works and lives. Empowered with innovative tools, continuous learning and a global community of diverse talent, we drive success in new business architecture that disrupts conventional practices Accenture Security helps organizations prepare, protect, detect, respond to, and recover, at all points of the security lifecycle. We hire the very best security talent and arm them with the coolest tools and latest tech so they can help our clients build resilience as we create integrated, customized turnkey solutions. We blend risk strategy, digital identity, cyber defense, application security and managed service solutions to rethink the entire security lifecycle.
About Accenture Cyber Threat Intelligence (ACTI)
ACTI is a global team that spans 13 countries and 4 continents and speaks more than 30 languages. We are passionate about delivering intelligence analysis, and providing industry-leading analytic insights, cyber context, and critical services our clients need to achieve their business-line and strategic-growth initiatives. We know success is only possible by developing and supporting our most-critical resources: our talented analysts, developers, and supporting team members. We value creativity and entrepreneurship in our team; where possible, we back staff initiatives with opportunities and investments. We enjoy the hunt. We strive to automate and innovate while working with powerful resources and differentiated data. Above all else, we value an egoless approach to guiding our clients as they navigate their businesses through all aspects of the cyber domain.
Cyber Defense within Accenture Security provides several high-risk, high-impact services for our clients. As such, the teams within Cyber Defense have unique and challenging infrastructure and security requirements. Some of the infrastructure currently managed within Cyber Defense includes command-and-control infrastructure for advanced red teaming, cloud infrastructure to support incident response investigations, and custom environments dedicated to developing malware and reverse-engineering software. Additionally, the workstations and laptops of Cyber Defense personnel have unique security requirements and challenges. This person will report to the Global CDI Detection Lead, and will be responsible for the deployment, operation and security monitoring capabilities across Cyber Defense.
Some of the responsibilities of this role include:
Support cloud security architecture, compliance, and incident response across Cyber Defense.
Implement and evolve “best practice” security standards for the management and security of Cyber Defense cloud infrastructure.
Ensuring that cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP) and hybrid infrastructure is compliant with Accenture and/or client data protection policies.
Maintaining an accurate and up-to-date inventory of Cyber Defense assets, accounts, and active controls.
Conduct periodic scans and testing of Cyber Defense infrastructure to ensure compliance with security standards.
And conduct periodic reviews of delivery methodologies and practices to ensure the highest level of quality and security.

Basic Qualifications:
Minimum of 3 years of experience in information security experience, with a recent focus on cloud .
Minimum of 2 years of experience in Amazon AWS, Google Compute, and/or Microsoft Azure
Minimum of 1 year of experience in Threat and Vulnerability Management
Minimum of 1 year of experience with Aviatrix Multi-Cloud management platform.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with sensitive customer data and compliance frameworks (NIST, PCI, etc).
System administration experience in Windows and/or Linux environments: 2-3 years
Knowledge of Cyber Intelligence, Threat Operations, Penetration Testing, Red Teaming, Incident Response and Threat Hunting
Security certifications: ACE, CISSP, CCSP, GSEC, etc.
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative, more competitive and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement Requesting An Accommodation Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter. Other Employment Statements Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information
What We Believe
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment.
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation.
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement.
Requesting An Accommodation
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired.
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter.
Other Employment Statements
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States.
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."	6252	Washington
Level 1 Cloud Engineer	Hitachi Vantara	Reston, VA	None	"The Company

Hitachi Vantara, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hitachi, Ltd., guides our customers from what’s now to what’s next by solving their digital challenges. Working alongside each customer, we apply our unmatched industrial and digital capabilities to their data and applications to benefit both business and society. More than 80% of the Fortune 100 trust Hitachi Vantara to help them develop new revenue streams, unlock competitive advantages, lower costs, enhance customer experiences, and deliver social and environmental value.

The Role

We are seeking applicants with a strong knowledge in Systems Administration & troubleshooting skills with Linux, Unix, and/or Windows. The candidate should possess a solid understanding of networking technologies such as DNS, TCP/IP, SSL, DHCP and Load Balancing. This role requires troubleshooting & supporting solutions with AWS (CSP) experience/knowledge.
***Must have flexibility to work 24/7, rotating shifts.

***US Citizenship is required for government clients support.

Responsibilities
Act as Tier 1 Support Engineer to triage and troubleshoot issues with AWS services like EC2, S3, RDS etc.Document solutions for known issues using the company knowledge base systemAdvocate customer requests, troubleshoot and resolve complex, escalate critical issues to L2/L3 and beyond and advocate for resolutionPrioritize technical issues, define, and track bugs and offer creative solutionsWork in a team setting in a shared services environmentPositive attitude expected - should be able to adapt and work based on business demandInterface with external customers as needed
***Must have flexibility to work 24/7, rotating shifts.

Primary Qualifications
In depth knowledge of either UNIX/Linux or Windows Environment.Good written and verbal English communication.Open to work in rotating shifts in 24x7 model.Minimum 1 years of experience in Tier 1 support
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalentProficient experience on System Administration (Linux / Windows) – CertifiedExperience on AWS at the AWS Associate/SysOps/Developer Certification course level. – Certified

Linux Administration (RHCE Certification)
Scripting (Shell or Python)
ITIL experience in handling Incidents, changes, service requests
Performance Monitoring (Nagios, Zabbix, Datadog, or any other such tools)
TCP/IP Networking Knowledge
SSL / TLS Management

Preferred Qualifications

Jenkins CI/CD Pipelines Management
AWS Cloud Management
Terraform / CloudFormation
ELK Experience
Security Fundamentals


We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

#LI-GB1"	6252	Washington
Sr. Software Engineer III	iZeal	Sterling, VA 20165	$119,000 a year	"Sr. Software Engineer III
iZeal, Inc. has job openings for Sr. Software Engineer III. Jobs located in Sterling, VA and various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. Design, develop, and implement software applications. Review, evaluate, and test client/server and web applications. Gather and evaluate user requirements and procedures. Perform fine tuning and testing of applications, backend procedures, and triggers in Databases. Create and enhance the automation pipelines for continuous integration and continuous deployment. Integrate code coverage and security tools for automation pipelines. Work with various technologies such as Java, Oracle, and SQL. Travel/relocate to various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. for long and short term assignments at client sites. Requires Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering (any), or related and 1 year of experience in the job offered or as a Computer Software Professional. Offered salary $119,000 P/Y. Mail resume with cover letter to iZeal, Inc., 46090 Lake Center Plaza, Suite 100, Sterling, VA 20165; Job 21IZI01; EOE"	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Ellucian	Reston, VA 20191 (Hattontown area)	None	"Together we are powering the future of Higher Education
Here at Ellucian, we are motivated by a mission ~ the power of education to transform lives and change the world. We are the global market leader in EdTech for Higher Education, serving more than 2,700 customers and reaching over 20 million students in 50+ countries. We are dedicated to helping Higher Ed thrive by transforming their institutions to agile, digitally connected campuses that enable student success.

About the opportunity
As a member of the Cloud Center of Excellence you will work hand-in-hand with other Cloud Engineers, Architects, DBA and networking teams to develop, audit, implement and enhance global standards. Developing additional documentation, monitoring and audit frameworks to detect and correct inconsistencies in the environment and improve performance for our customers who depend on Ellucian to run their intuitions 24x7. In this role you will also partner with our SRE and Incident team to identify new problem areas that require additional analysis with R&D and Product and new standards and procedures to be developed. In this role you will help to develop and define SLO/SLI objectives for each application and develop monitoring to help ensure compliance.
Where you will make an impact
Effectively manage and complete projects as necessary while lending support to other teams.
Use Jira, Kanban, and other tools to manage projects.
Actively troubleshoot any issues that arise during testing and production, catching and solving issues before they impact customers.
Plan, define, and document standards for operations within the Cloud Business Unit for new products and current CI/CD services.
Update our processes and design new processes as needed.
Review, develop, and follow change management standards.
Work with open-source technologies as needed.
Offer technical support where needed.
Specifying, documenting, and developing new product features, and writing automating scripts.
Adhere to established best practices and toolsets.
Building and maintaining tools, solutions and microservices associated with deployment and our operations platform, ensuring that all meet our customer service standards and reduce errors.
Automate our operational processes as needed, with accuracy and in compliance with our security requirements.
Stay current with industry trends and source new ways for our business to improve.
Cover assigned rotation as an on-call resource.
Evaluate technology and data gaps in the procurement operations and recommend solutions to support in the near and long-term to leadership.
Identify cross-workstream dependencies to ensure a cohesive strategy.
Identify potential risks and mitigation strategies of new solutions.
What you will bring
Possesses the tenacity to delve to the root of the issue quickly, understand why it happened, and prevent it in the future.
Proven experience collaborating with cross functional global and remote teams with diverse backgrounds.
Strong verbal and written skills, excellent customer service, as well as high attention to detail.
B.S (Computer Science/Engineering) or equivalent experience.
2+ years of experience in multi-region, multi-tenant SaaS or PaaS environment.
2+ years of experience with AWS platform.
2+ years of experience with enterprise scale Linux and/or Windows administration.
2+ years of experience in web-based application deployment and administration using Apache, Tomcat, IIS, or Nginx.
2+ years of experience in developing and deploying automation and scripting using multiple tools.
Preferred: Terraform, Ansible, Jenkins, Docker, Python, Bash, PowerShell for a large production environment with 1,000+ servers
Equivalent experience accepted on: Puppet, Chef, Salt, Gradle, TravisCI, GitLab, JavaScript, Packer, Perl, etc.
Experience working with CI/CD tooling preferred.
Time and project management skills, with the capability to prioritize and multitask as needed.
Experience working with large complex systems.
Solid team player.
Experience in Higher Education a plus.
Experience with Banner, Oracle, or Colleague a plus.
Preferred Certifications:
Cloud Certifications:
AWS Certified Developer, AWS Certified SysOps Administrator, AWS Certified DevOps Engineer, or AWS Certified Solutions Architect
Equivalent Azure or GCP certification
What makes #Ellucianlife
Comprehensive health coverage: medical, dental, and vision
Flexible time off
401k & Bright Plan - to help you save for the future
Thrive Flex Program that allows you to contribute towards your health, financial or learning interests
5 charitable days to support the community that supports us
Diversity and inclusion programs that promote employee resource groups such as: Women in Technology, Pride and Go Green to name a few.
Parental leave
Employee referral bonuses to encourage the addition of great new people to the team
We Foster a learning culture with:
Tuition Reimbursement Assistance
Professional development opportunities
#LI-CL1
#LI-REMOTE
Additional Information:
Req ID: 3022
Hiring Type: Full - Time
Level of Experience: Senior Level
Remote: Yes
Travel Required: 0%-25%"	6252	Washington
AWS Engineer	Slalom Consulting	Washington, DC	None	"Role: AWS Engineer – Infrastructure
Slalom is seeking a Cloud/AWS Engineer to join our newly formed Emerge team. Emerge helps our clients transform their businesses by providing local teams access to cutting-edge capabilities and scarce expertise. You will help support, develop, and expand new capabilities throughout the regions, which will require about 30-40% travel.
Responsibilities:
Work as part of a team to design and develop cloud-based infrastructure and security solutions
Gather technical requirements, assess client capabilities and analyze findings to provide appropriate cloud solution recommendations and adoption strategy
Research, analyze, recommend and select technical approaches for solving difficult and challenging development and integration problems
Learn and adopt new tools and techniques to increase performance, automation, and scalability
Mentor other Slalom team members
Understand business goals and drivers and translate those into an appropriate technical solution
Provide technical direction and oversight to cloud implementation teams
Qualifications:
4+ years of experience as a Software Engineer or Systems Engineer
Experience implementing AWS infrastructure and topologies, or other cloud-based solutions for enterprise
Experience with networking, VPNs, compute infrastructure (servers, databases, firewalls, load balancers), and developing/maintaining production-grade systems in virtualized environments.
Practical experience sizing hardware and storage needs
Experience delivering continuous integration/continuous delivery pipelines utilizing tools such as Jenkins, Spinnaker, CircleCi, TeamCity etc.
Strong analytical problem-solving ability
Self-starter with the ability to work independently or as part of a project team
Capability to perform Performance analysis, troubleshooting, and remediation
Understanding of cloud ecosystem and leading-edge cloud emerging technologies
Nice to Have:
Experience delivering infrastructure-as-code solutions using tools like Terraform, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Salt, and Packer.
At least one cloud certification (AWS, Google Cloud, Azure)
About Us:
Slalom is a modern consulting firm focused on strategy, technology, and business transformation. We redefine what's possible and create what's next. At Slalom, personal connection meets global scale. We build deep relationships with our clients in cities across the US, UK, and Canada, while sharing insights across markets to bring the full breadth of Slalom's expertise to every engagement. Our regional Build Centers are hubs for innovation, attracting top talent to rapidly co-create the technology products of tomorrow. We also nurture strong partnerships with over 200 leading technology providers, including Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Tableau.
Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, Slalom has organically grown to over 9,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2019 and are regularly recognized by our employees as the best place to work. Learn more at slalom.com.
Slalom is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
#LI- JB4"	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Buchanan & Edwards	Herndon, VA	None	"Overview:

We're looking for game changers. People who love what they do and who they do it for. Providing consulting services in operational support, intelligence collection, reporting, and data governance, R2C is a leader in delivering solutions for high priority national security concerns. Are you ready for a change?
R2C is seeking a Cloud Engineer to support a client's operational requirements on a mission focused program within a challenging, dynamic setting located in the Herndon, Virginia Area.
We welcome the most challenging problems facing our national security and apply intellect, talent, and innovation to reach feasible and valuable solutions to each challenge. That means we expect our employees to bring their “A game,” and you have the right to expect the same from the company that employs you. We want to hear your ideas. We want to hear your concerns. We want to make sure you have what you need to do the best you can on the job and grow in your career with us over time. Almost all companies say they have a culture of inclusiveness and that they value employee input, but R2C puts that statement to work every day. It’s time for a change. Come and experience a company that actually cares.
Clearance: TS/SCI w/ Poly Responsibilities:

Provide subject matter expertise and guidance
Design, document, and verify the best solution meeting business needs and technical requirements following enterprise defined guardrails, governance, and security standsrs for cloud deployments.
Develop and document an operational model in an effort to maintain and operate the deserve design such as monitoring, performance, etc.
Utilize a deep knowledge and undersanding of AWS services
Qualifications:

Experience establishing policies and standard operating procedures to enable consistent and repeatable execution.
Experience proposing appropriate changes to standards, policies, and procedure based on emerging business/technology trends and operational challenges with the existing guidelines utilizing performance metric and operational SLA
Skills in planning for adequate capability on systems based on utilization metrics and planned projects to establish supply and demand forecasts
Ability and experience in designing, documenting and verifying the technology solution that meets business needs and technical requirements and follows enterprise defined guardrails, governance and security standards for cloud deployments.
Ability to develop and document operational model to maintain and operate the service design, including, but not limited to, monitoring, performance and cap
Deep knowledge of the AWS services mentioned above plus
Deep understanding Relational DB service - RDS (Postgres, Aurora, MySql, Oracle), DynamoDB
Expert Cloud developer/Engineer with robust technical design capabilities and knowledge implementing design patterns.
Working experience in AWS Serverless architecture using Python, Lambda, API Gateway, ALB/ELB
Knowledge of Identity Access Management, Cross account S3/KMS access management
Hands on programming experience using Ruby, Python, Nodejs, Ansible,
Deep understanding of infrastructure as code using AWS Cloud Formation, CFN Stack Sets
Hands on experience with CI/CD technologies -AWS Code Commit, Code Pipeline, Code Deploy, Gitlab, Jenkins
Hands on experience with AWS Service Catalog
Working experience of automation & management of multi-account environment
Hands on experience with container orchestration technologies -AWS ECS, AWS Fargate, Kubernetes
Familiarity of Egress/Ingress access patterns including approved networking patterns across VPCs and Regions, private links, patterns/ configurations related to Route 53, CloudFront, ALB, and subnets for SaaS Products
Experience in logging & monitoring
Knowledge of Terraform is a plus
The Reports and Requirements Company, LLC (R2C) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Buchanan & Edwards, and provides consulting services in operational support, intelligence collection, reporting, and data governance. Located in Arlington, VA, R2C offers expertise on a variety of national security topics, with specific focus on operational support, technical operations, policies and management of large volumes of data, analysis of large amounts of data, & effective approaches to evaluating and sharing data, and innovative techniques for information collection. Our consultants develop and deliver training programs on subjects including cyber intelligence, data governance and information sharing protocols, intelligence collection, and reporting techniques. R2C has a mission first culture and boasts the benefits & perks of a small company with the resources, stability, and career mobility of a large corporation. R2C is dedicated to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of diversity and inclusion. We are committed to crafting a workplace that endorses creativity and innovation, and promotes engagement through open communication, acceptance of new people and ideas, and a supportive team dynamic. R2C is an equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities / Women / Veterans / Individuals with Disabilities / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
#CJ"	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer Technical Trainee	Booz Allen Hamilton	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"The Challenge:
We have the technology, but do we know how to use it? In an industry where “Cloud” is sometimes synonymous with “genie,” it’s important to have someone on your team who knows how to engineer Cloud-based and hybrid on-premise and Cloud-based solutions. That’s why we need you, an engineer who knows how hardware and software components fit together and integrate with Cloud-based resources, to help us modernize mission critical systems across a variety of our top clients.
As a Cloud Engineer on our team, you’ll help to create solutions to drive the next wave of innovation. You’ll recommend tools and capabilities based on your research of the current environment and knowledge of various on-premise, Cloud-based, and hybrid resources. You’ll work with our engineering, architecture, and migration teams to inform strategy and architecture design. This is an opportunity to stay on top of the latest Cloud resources as you lead efforts to prototype using multiple techniques and new technologies. You’ll be able to broaden your skillset into areas, including automation, scripting, and containerization while developing critical systems for several of our clients. Join our team as we transform the way government agencies manage data and information by taking advantage of Cloud technology.
You Have:Experience in a systems engineering or systems administration roleKnowledge of Linux and Linux systems administrationKnowledge of end-to-end modern Agile software developmentTop Secret clearanceBA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:Experience with implementing and maintaining JenkinsExperience with writing scripts and glue to tie together services, functionalities, and tools using technologies, including Python scripting, Bash, Boto3, JSON, and YML and XML templatesExperience with AzureExperience with Amazon Web Services (AWS)Experience with additional tools, including Docker, Kubernetes, and Ansible
Ability to use automation tools and Infrastructure-as-Code to manage installations, pipelines, and scriptingBS degree in CS, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related technical engineering field
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:access to experts in virtually every fielda culture that focuses on supporting our employeesopportunities that provide stability while offering variety
You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer 3	Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc.	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Date: Jun 19, 2021
Location: Washington, DC, US, 20006
Company: HII's TSD
A division of Huntington Ingalls Industries

REMOTE: Cyber Engineer 3

The Technical Solutions Division (TSD) Cloud Center of Excellence (CCOE) is seeking a motivated and experienced team player to participate in its CCoE DevSecOps team. As a cloud engineer on our team, you’ll support efforts to deliver business in a multi-cloud environment. You’ll contribute to tool and capability recommendations based on your research of the current environment and design strategy. You’ll be part of our team and work with our cloud architect to design, secure, and automate our cloud strategies.
This is a full time REMOTE position that can be performed anywhere in the US.

What you will do
Participate in the CCoE technology strategy, vision, requirements, and solutions for enterprise cloud initiatives.
Participate in the design and implementation of highly complex cloud technology implementations and projects for the CCoE to meet company, program and customer compliance and needs.
Collaborate with the remote development, cybersecurity, and operations teams to enhance tooling and automation scripts.
Conduct research and Proof of Concepts (POCs) of new technologies to determine fit in the CCoE environment.
Participate in the planning, implementation, management and growth of the infrastructure on Amazon Web Services (AWS) Gov Cloud for the CCoE.
Evaluate and analyze multiple complex data sources associated with systems, performance, issues, cost and compliance and optimize CCoE architecture and operations in order to improve CCoE services and capabilities.
 Design, implement and maintain highly scalable, available, compliant, and elastic CCoE solutions using experience and AWS best practices and services.
Stay abreast of emerging cloud technologies and capabilities, and provide recommendations to management and customers.
Work in an Agile SDLC and collaborate with remote teams to implement Continuous Delivery of CCoE products focusing on automation.
Builds, designs, implements and refines cloud architectures and provides prescriptive guidance across the network and security. Leads early scoping definitions and identifies critical dependencies. Identifies and mitigates technology risks and develops architecture to support processes. Collaborates with functional business units to drive business solutions and direction. Develops and documents framework for integration and implementation of cloud systems. Understands and determines sizing, capacity planning and requirements for infrastructure, network, and security in the cloud offering.

What we are looking for

The following is required for this position:
5 years relevant experience with Bachelors in related field; 3 years relevant experience with Masters in related field; 0 years experience with PhD or Juris Doctorate in related field; or High School Diploma or equivalent and 9 years relevant experience.
Previous experience with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) concepts
Previous experience with JRE execution (how apps run in Java)
Previous experience with at least one cloud service provider (i.e. AWS, Azure)
Understanding of NIST 800-171 & CMMC


Physical Requirements

Adequate visual acuity and manual dexterity for meeting the requirements of job.

Huntington Ingalls Industries is America’s largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII’s Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII’s Technical Solutions division provides a wide range of professional services through its Fleet Support, Mission Driven Innovative Solutions, Nuclear & Environmental, and Oil & Gas groups. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs more than 42,000 people operating both domestically and internationally.
Huntington Ingalls Industries is an Equal Opportunity/Vets and Disabled Employer. U.S. Citizenship may be required for certain positions.

Nearest Major Market: Washington DC"	6252	Washington
Cloud Security Engineer	Gridiron IT	Washington, DC	None	GridIron IT is seeking a Cloud Security Architect in support of a Federal Program on a remote basis. Candidates should be relative to Virginia/Washington, DC. US Citizen with ability to gain FEMA Public Trust EOD (Current FEMA EOD preferred)Prior experience with security responsibilities under Infrastructure-, Container-, Platform-, Function-, and Software-as-a Service modelsPrior experience with FedRAMP compliance with Azure and/or AWS client solutionPrior experience as a security compliance manager7+ years of experience in Federal Government CyberSecurity, Information Assurance, or Information Systems SecurityArchitecting Cloud systems/environment security in support of program/project Cloud Architects, Engineers, and/or Developers;Ensuring Cloud security (to include Cloud-specific native services and services frameworks) compliance with Federal information systems security processing and data storage standards and requirements such as, but not limited to, NIST, FIPS, FedRAMP, and possibly CNSS and/or CMMC (or similar, and as applicable) standards;Architecting fully compliant— to include obtaining Authority to Connect (ATC) and Authority to Operate (ATO) from the Authorizing Official (AO)— security controls for transitional architectures (i.e. during systems and applications migration from on-premises server and data storage systems to hybrid Cloud, Cloud, or multi-Cloud environments);Assisting/advising with/on tracking (including Plan of Action and Milestones; POA&M), (re)evaluating, and (re)applying for ATC and/or ATO for existing approved systems in the on-premises environment, for connectivity/integration/migration of existing approved systems to hybrid Cloud, Cloud, or multi-Cloud environments, and for new hybrid Cloud, Cloud or multi-Cloud environments;Engineering secure systems integration for new technologies such as, but not limited to AI and ML, enterprise data and application integration, distributed and edge processing, quantum computing, and/or cryptographic technologies such as block chain, etc.Duties as the Security Controls Assessor (SCA): independent comprehensive assessments of the management, operational, and technical security controls and enhancements employed within or inherited by information technology systems to determine the overall effectiveness of the controls (as defined in NIST SP 800-37).Within these responsibilities, and specific to FEMA OCIO:Work directly with the FEMA OCIO cloud management team in an integrated project team fashion.Support activities and the creation of artifacts as directed by the FEMA Cloud Program ManagerPrepare a summary risk assessment of each systemFEMA Enterprise Cloud Environment – AzureFEMA Enterprise Cloud Environment – Amazon Web ServicesFEMA Cloud Environment Connection Access Point (CAP)Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceReferral programRelocation assistanceRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftApplication Question(s):Do you have an active DHS clearance?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:security compliance manager: 2 years (Required)US Citizenship: 1 year (Required)Information Systems Security: 7 years (Required)Cloud systems/environment security engineering: 4 years (Required)FedRAMP compliance with Azure and/or AWS: 4 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	6252	Washington
Cloud Software Engineer L3	Digiflight	Fort Meade, MD 20755	None	"Join an outstanding team that offers exciting job opportunities with the goal of providing the absolute best support to our customers.
The Cloud Software Engineer develops, maintains, and enhances complex and diverse Big-Data Cloud systems based upon documented requirements. Directly contributes to all stages of back-end processing, analyzing, and indexing. Provides expertise in Cloud Computing, Hadoop Eco-System including implementing Java applications, Distributed Computing, Information Retrieval (IR), and Object Oriented Design. Works individually or as part of a team. Reviews and tests software components for adherence to the design requirements and documents test results. Resolves software problem reports. Utilizes software development and software design methodologies appropriate to the development environment. Provides specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, use of Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS)/Government Off-the-shelf (GOTS) in place of new development, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components.
Twelve (12) years’ experience software engineering experience in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required; four (4) years of which must be in programs utilizing Big-Data cloud technologies and/or Distributed Computing.
Four (4) years of cloud software engineering experience on projects with similar Big-Data systems may be substituted for a bachelor’s degree.
Master in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university may be substituted for two (2) years of experience.
Cloudera Certified Hadoop Developer certification may be substituted for one (1) year of Cloud experience.
Two (2) years of Cloud and/or Distributed Computing Information Retrieval (IR).
One (1) year of experience with implementing code that interacts with implementation of Cloud Big Table.
One (1) year of experience with implementing code that interacts with implementation of Cloud Distributed File System.
One (1) year of experience with implementing complex MapReduce analytics.
One (1) year of experience with implementing code that interacts with Cloud Distributed Coordination Frameworks.
DigiFlight’s competitive benefits package allows employees to manage their personal and professional portfolios through a variety of features and programs. Our benefits include:
Health, Dental, Vision, and Flexible Spending Account
Paid Time Off (PTO)
10 paid holidays
Tuition Education Assistance
Professional Development
401(k) retirement plan
Life insurance and short- and long-term disability insurance
Employee Referral Program
Marketing Incentive Plans"	6252	Washington
Cyber Security Engineer - Cloud	ACI Federal™	Falls Church, VA	$74.38 an hour	"Pay Rate: $74.38 hourly w/benefits
Cyber Security Engineer - Cloud

.The CISO Risk Management Portfolio is in need of a Cyber Security Cloud Engineer at the USPS Gatehouse Center location. The resource will be responsible for security architecture across a variety of applications or domains, to include cloud computing, and assigned to project/initiatives of large size, complexity and risk. The Cyber Security Cloud Engineer develops actionable security blueprints, principles, models, designs, standards and guidelines to ensure enterprise information technology architecture and support is consistent, usable, secure and adds value to the business. This position requires experience with Google Cloud, Azure, or AWS.

Role Description:
Responsible for the security architecture across a variety of applications or domains, to include cloud computing, and assigned to project/initiatives of large size, complexity and risk. The Senior Cyber Security Engineer develops actionable security blueprints, principles, models, designs, standards and guidelines to ensure enterprise information technology architecture and support is consistent, usable, secure and adds value to the business.

Details:
Continuously improve the C&A process and toolset capabilities
Apply expert knowledge of critical protocols, information assurance/ information security (IA/IS) architecture, embedded systems, network design processes, risk management, and network security architecture, including Defense-In-Depth principles, to design an organization's IT architectureProvide expertise in systems lifecycle to the systems security design process.Provide expertise for security protection needs (e.g., security controls) of information systems and networks.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 9 years of professional experience; or 7 years of professional experience with a related Master's degree; or 5 years experience Required with a related PhD or JD. Considered career, or journey, level.

EDUCATION:
Must possess a Bachelors Degree or Masters Degree, PhD or JD in Computer Science, Information Technology or Information Security

CERTIFICATIONS: (One or more required)
CompTIA Security +
-CPTE - Certified Penetration Testing Engineer or CEH - Certified Ethical Hacker
-CISA - Certified Information Systems Auditor

Additional Provisions:

Must be able to obtain a Position of Public Trust ClearancePass both a client mandated clearance process to include drug screening, criminal history check and credit check.Once candidate's resume is approved and interview passed, the agency is responsible for providing drug screening. Failure to submit the drug screening results will delay the security clearance process.If a candidate is given an interim clearance, continuation of employment is then based on the candidate receiving a sensitive clearance.All candidates must be a US Citizen, or have permanent residence status (Green Card).Candidate must have lived in the United States for the past 5 years.Cannot have more than 6 months travel outside the United States within the last five years. Military Service excluded."	6252	Washington
Cloud Solutions Architect	Wellstone Technologies	Bethesda, MD 20814 (Bethesda Center area)	$75 - $80 an hour	We are seeking a Cloud Solutions Architect (CSA) to help us build a new proprietary real estate platform! This position is a 6-month contract with the potential to convert to full-time employment. Target full-time salary is $125,000 - $130,000 dependent upon experience, with a 12% annual bonus target.Sponsorship: US Citizens and Green Card holders are encouraged to apply. The company is unable to sponsor visas for this specific role.Location Requirements: Bethesda, MD-based applicants are highly preferred. 100% remote (in the US only!) candidates will be considered. Preference will be given to candidates located in the Eastern Time Zone, then Central. No Mountain or Pacific Time candidates. No offshore candidates.Expected interview process: Round 1: 45-minute Zoom interview, on camera, with the hiring manager (VP, Software Development).Round 2 after several candidates have been shortlisted: 1-hour Zoom tech panel interview, on camera.General notes about the role:Must provide current AWS certification with application.Recent hands-on experience with ML Operations.Recent hands-on experience with Containers, Kubernetes, Docker, Lambda, and IAM.Primarily responsible for architecting the solution and standing up the IT infrastructure.Not a developer role.The Cloud Solutions Architect (CSA) is responsible for working within a larger team to plan, review requirements, design, and configure, monitor, and maintain Analytics' cloud-based solutions (AWS & Azure). The role requires prior cloud solutions architecture certifications and experience. The CSA will use independent problem-solving skills to identify and resolve cloud architectural issues and work across teams to lead cloud modernization efforts. The CSA will manage Analytics' cloud solutions and ensure appropriate SLAs are met. The CSA will stay current with best practices, industry standards, and make recommendations as needed. The CSA will be required to develop, design, and implement solutions autonomously with limited supervision.Primary Duties and ResponsibilitiesProvide technical design, documentation, and implementation for IT Cloud Infrastructures on both the Amazon and Microsoft clouds. Manage and create existing and new environments. Design & Develop IaC (Infrastructure as Code) solutions for teams using CloudFormation, Terraform, and/or CDK stacks. IAM Security including RoleBased Authentication.Work with Modeling, Development, and Data organizations to collaborate and recommend appropriate systems configurations and architectures. Collaborate with Developers, Business Analysis, Quality Assurance, and System Administrators at various stages of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).Develop and manage appropriate protections. Implement and maintain security using the Least Privilege model and assist others with understanding and implementing the least privilege. Implement and maintain monitoring solutions for our cloud infrastructure.Provide support and mentoring. Periodically peer review code and designs produced by team members.Mentor new and less experienced engineers.Job SpecificationsKnowledge: 3 years or more of experience in a Cloud Architecture and/or Operations role or related position.Knowledge of web services, API Gateway, Elastic/Network Load Balancers.Strong awareness of networking and Internet Protocols.Extensive experience with open-source technology, software development, and system engineering.Skills and Abilities: Proven track record of strong analytical and troubleshooting skills.Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and writing skills.Able to accept & adapt to changing priorities.Ability to work independently or as part of a team, manage multiple tasks concurrently, and meet deadlines.Work closely with both the business and development teams globally in resolving issues.Other Position Parameters: Mentor other team members in terms of technical concepts and cooperate with them in meeting project deadlines and deliverables.Support customer satisfaction process by taking accountability and addressing their concerns/issues.Advanced ability to understand business processes.Conduct analyses, design, and create information products using various development tools.Learn new software tools and other skills independently and as directed by the manager to ensure the best products are created for customers.Establish and maintain strong relations with customers to ensure understanding of customers' needs.Prior Work ExperienceTechnical: 5 - 8 yearsSupervisory: 1 - 3 yearsEducation and CredentialsRequired: Bachelor’s DegreeRequired Certifications: current AWS Solutions Architect and/or AWS SysOps AdministratorPreferred: Azure and/or OpenStack Administrator CertificationJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $75.00 - $80.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offParental leaveRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Machine learning Operations: 3 years (Required)Containers: 3 years (Required)Kubernetes: 3 years (Required)Docker: 3 years (Required)Lambda: 3 years (Required)Identity & access management: 3 years (Required)SDLC: 3 years (Required)Load balancing: 3 years (Required)Terraform: 3 years (Required)Azure: 3 years (Required)Mentoring: 1 year (Required)License/Certification:AWS Solutions Architect Certification (Required)AWS SysOps Administrator Certification (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	C2S Consulting Group	Washington, DC	None	"C2S Consulting Group is hiring a Cloud Engineer!

C2S Consulting Group is a Cloud Consulting Partner, focusing on our client’s applications and workloads to design a strategy and plan to migrate to a cloud environment, and introduce them to the operational benefits of DevOps, resulting in more reliable systems, automation at all levels and higher return on investment. We specialize in making the migration to the cloud successful for government and commercial entities, and provide services for cloud software development, workload migration, deployment automation and cloud security integration.

We work on the cutting edge of technology, and offer opportunities for variety, challenging work and career advancement.

U.S. Citizenship Required

Clearance Level Requirement: TS SCI CI Poly

Job Description

Provide technical planning and technical monitoring and control support to the program manager.
May lead or participate in risk management and preparation of technical reviews.
May provide oversight for configuration management, data management, and measurement activities.
Participates in systems engineering activities which include one or more of the following: Concept of Operations Formulation, Requirements Definition, Analysis and Engineering, System Architecting, System analysis and design, Interface and Data Architectures, Validation and Verification, System Integration, System & Op. Performance Analysis, Lifecycle Cost Analysis & Estimation, Decision Analysis and Resolution.

Required Skills

BA
5 years of experience in systems engineering for information technology.
Cyber
AWS Developer
Ruby
Bash
Python
Ansible
CI/CD

Benefits

C2S Consulting Group provides competitive wages, vacation, medical, vision, dental, 401k, and continuous education benefits.

Why work at C2S Consulting Group?

At C2S Consulting Group we work on a wide variety of projects for customers. Our company balances innovation, engineering and entrepreneurship. We value our employees and the technologies with which we work.

We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status."	6252	Washington
Senior Cloud Infrastructure Engineer	Deloitte	Arlington, VA	None	"Cloud Infrastructure Engineer
Do you want to be at the forefront of Deloitte's emerging cloud practice? We're looking for exceptional problem-solvers to help address our clients' most compelling Cloud needs. You will work along-side top engineers and technical thought leaders building Cloud solutions helping shape the future of global enterprises. You will be at the heart of the technical solutioning and leading-edge product development.
Work you'll do
Lead/support implementation of core cloud components and document critical design and configuration details to support enterprise cloud initiatives. The Cloud Infrastructure Engineer will be primarily responsible for utilizing technical skills to coordinate enhancements and deployment efforts and to provide insight and recommendations for implementing client solutions. Engineers will work closely with other cloud teams, project managers, engineers, and other functions.
Responsibilities include:
Consulting with client stakeholders on strategies for deployment of new cloud technology implementations, monitoring and optimization of existing equipment
Delivering end-to-end infrastructure management solutions in a cloud environment
Improving infrastructure operations through better use of monitoring, cloud coding and scripting best practices
Automating infrastructure migration to cloud environments
Implementing cloud governance, build, deployment and monitoring standards for the clients
The team
Cloud Engineering
Our Cloud Engineering team focuses on enabling our client's end-to-end journey from On-Premise to Cloud, with opportunities in the areas of: Cloud Strategy, Op Model Transformation, Cloud Development, Cloud Integration & APIs, Cloud Migration, Cloud Infrastructure & Engineering, and Cloud Managed Services. We help our clients see the transformational capabilities of Cloud as an opportunity for business enablement and competitive advantage.
Cloud Engineering supports our clients as they improve agility and resilience, and identifies opportunities to reduce IT operations spend through automation by enabling Cloud. We accelerate our clients towards a technology-driven future, leveraging vendor solutions and Deloitte-developed software products, tools, and accelerators.
Qualifications
Required:

Bachelor's degree
Ability to obtain Secret clearance
At least 2 years of experience with server virtualization
At least 2 years of experience with any of the following technologies: AWS, VMWare, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Must be legally authorized
to work in the United States without the need
for employer sponsorship, now or at any time
in the future
Preferred:
3+ years of experience with Virtualization: Virtualization Server, Storage, Desktop, Network; Reducing Sprawl
3+ years of experience with Infrastructure-Based Processes: Monitoring, Capacity Planning, Facilities Management, Performance Tuning, Asset Management, Disaster Recovery, Data Center support
2+ years of experience with Servers, Infrastructure, Platform Sizing, Infrastructure Cost Reduction
2+ years of experience with legacy system engineering assessments, discovering the build and details surrounding the system in order to re-build it in a new hosted environment"	6252	Washington
Lead AWS Cloud Engineer	Mitre Corporation	McLean, VA	None	"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
The External Cloud Team in ECIS is seeking a Lead Cloud Engineer to support the development and administration of MITRE's enterprise cloud architecture in AWS. As a member of our team, you’ll build and apply hands-on expertise across the full AWS ecosystem. It's our goal to establish and maintain the technical foundation upon which projects can work securely in the cloud, empowering projects to be self-sufficient and agile while minimizing risk to MITRE and remaining in compliance with InfoSec policy.
Key Functions:
Define and lead development of a robust governance framework for securing AWS environments in accordance with prevailing policy
Contribute to the security, networking, governance, and automation of MITRE’s AWS architecture
Troubleshoot complex technical issues and provide advanced operational support to internal MITRE customers in AWS
Collaborate with InfoSec to define secure baselines in AWS
Collaborate with other MITRE teams in pursuit of cross-domain, multi-cloud, and hybrid solutions involving AWS
Share knowledge across MITRE and external partners
Required Qualifications:
Demonstrated expertise in AWS cloud technologies
History of performing hands-on work to solve complex technical problems
Desire to dive deep and understand how things work beneath the surface
Ability to work on a team as well as independently to achieve team goals
Ability to communicate clearly
Ability to persevere
Preferred Qualifications:
Hands-on expertise in Python, Git, CloudFormation, and SDN
Experience with compliance standards (e.g. NIST 800-171 and NIST 800-53)
This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
None
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only."	6252	Washington
Infrastructure As Code - Engineer	Technology & Business Management Inc.	Arlington, VA	$105,749 - $145,452 a year	Support the infrastructure application development services, and infrastructure-as-code systems administration services as they pertain. Documented and relevant experience with the following skill-sets:Prior Python experience for systems administration or software engineering tasksInteracting with and marking-up data structures in JSON/YAML formatsSystems Administration familiarity on UNIX-like systems (e.g, Linux, BSD, etc)Comfort with CLI scripting in UNIX-like and windows environments (i.e. Bash, ZSH, Powershell, etc.)Comfort with GIT and other version control tools at the command linePrior experience leveraging continuous integration / continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools (e.g, Azure DevOps, CircleCI, Jenkins, TFS)Desirable, but optional: prior experience with Terraform, Ansible, Chef, or other declarative configuration management and provisioning toolsJob Type: Full-timePay: $105,749.00 - $145,452.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible schedulePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Azure: 1 year (Preferred)AWS: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
Software Development Engineer II - WorkMail (AWS)	Amazon.com Services LLC	Arlington, VA	None	"
2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
Competency in computer science fundamentals such as data structures, algorithms, problem solving and complexity analysis.
Clear, professional communication skills to be able to contribute effectively - including asking questions - in team discussions and in written media like design documents and tickets.

Want to develop a customer-facing, business-critical AWS service? Amazon WorkMail is hiring Software Development Engineers to help us build new interfaces and features for our secure, managed email and calendar service.

On the WorkMail team, you will have the chance to learn all the ins and outs of the cloud as you build for a growing AWS service that is itself built on the AWS stack. For our service, teams build everything from browser-based user interfaces, to APIs and wire protocols, low-level storage and search technologies, message routing and anti-abuse technologies, and more.

If you have experience in, or interest in, mail messaging protocols and concepts, building applications in multiple languages, and building for client-side and server-side, and a sense of pride and ownership in what you work on, including a willingness to support it, we want to talk to you.

We don't expect you to have experience in everything - it's more important to be motivated to learn and improve your skills over time. Our team culture supports your active growth through collaborative task work, knowledge-sharing internal activities, quarterly hackathons, and mentoring.

You'll join a friendly and fun organization with diverse backgrounds and expertise and learn how Amazon builds and operates highly-available services at scale.

About Us

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance
Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Experience in, or interest in:

Email and calendar protocols and concepts
Building cloud-native, resilient services
Building applications that include a mix of client-side and server-side components

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	6252	Washington
Cloud Solutions Architect	Wellstone Technologies	Bethesda, MD 20814 (Bethesda Center area)	$75 - $80 an hour	We are seeking a Cloud Solutions Architect (CSA) to help us build a new proprietary real estate platform! This position is a 6-month contract with the potential to convert to full-time employment. Target full-time salary is $125,000 - $130,000 dependent upon experience, with a 12% annual bonus target.Sponsorship: US Citizens and Green Card holders are encouraged to apply. The company is unable to sponsor visas for this specific role.Location Requirements: Bethesda, MD-based applicants are highly preferred. 100% remote (in the US only!) candidates will be considered. Preference will be given to candidates located in the Eastern Time Zone, then Central. No Mountain or Pacific Time candidates. No offshore candidates.Expected interview process: Round 1: 45-minute Zoom interview, on camera, with the hiring manager (VP, Software Development).Round 2 after several candidates have been shortlisted: 1-hour Zoom tech panel interview, on camera.General notes about the role:Must provide current AWS certification with application.Recent hands-on experience with ML Operations.Recent hands-on experience with Containers, Kubernetes, Docker, Lambda, and IAM.Primarily responsible for architecting the solution and standing up the IT infrastructure.Not a developer role.The Cloud Solutions Architect (CSA) is responsible for working within a larger team to plan, review requirements, design, and configure, monitor, and maintain Analytics' cloud-based solutions (AWS & Azure). The role requires prior cloud solutions architecture certifications and experience. The CSA will use independent problem-solving skills to identify and resolve cloud architectural issues and work across teams to lead cloud modernization efforts. The CSA will manage Analytics' cloud solutions and ensure appropriate SLAs are met. The CSA will stay current with best practices, industry standards, and make recommendations as needed. The CSA will be required to develop, design, and implement solutions autonomously with limited supervision.Primary Duties and ResponsibilitiesProvide technical design, documentation, and implementation for IT Cloud Infrastructures on both the Amazon and Microsoft clouds. Manage and create existing and new environments. Design & Develop IaC (Infrastructure as Code) solutions for teams using CloudFormation, Terraform, and/or CDK stacks. IAM Security including RoleBased Authentication.Work with Modeling, Development, and Data organizations to collaborate and recommend appropriate systems configurations and architectures. Collaborate with Developers, Business Analysis, Quality Assurance, and System Administrators at various stages of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).Develop and manage appropriate protections. Implement and maintain security using the Least Privilege model and assist others with understanding and implementing the least privilege. Implement and maintain monitoring solutions for our cloud infrastructure.Provide support and mentoring. Periodically peer review code and designs produced by team members.Mentor new and less experienced engineers.Job SpecificationsKnowledge: 3 years or more of experience in a Cloud Architecture and/or Operations role or related position.Knowledge of web services, API Gateway, Elastic/Network Load Balancers.Strong awareness of networking and Internet Protocols.Extensive experience with open-source technology, software development, and system engineering.Skills and Abilities: Proven track record of strong analytical and troubleshooting skills.Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and writing skills.Able to accept & adapt to changing priorities.Ability to work independently or as part of a team, manage multiple tasks concurrently, and meet deadlines.Work closely with both the business and development teams globally in resolving issues.Other Position Parameters: Mentor other team members in terms of technical concepts and cooperate with them in meeting project deadlines and deliverables.Support customer satisfaction process by taking accountability and addressing their concerns/issues.Advanced ability to understand business processes.Conduct analyses, design, and create information products using various development tools.Learn new software tools and other skills independently and as directed by the manager to ensure the best products are created for customers.Establish and maintain strong relations with customers to ensure understanding of customers' needs.Prior Work ExperienceTechnical: 5 - 8 yearsSupervisory: 1 - 3 yearsEducation and CredentialsRequired: Bachelor’s DegreeRequired Certifications: current AWS Solutions Architect and/or AWS SysOps AdministratorPreferred: Azure and/or OpenStack Administrator CertificationJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $75.00 - $80.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offParental leaveRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Machine learning Operations: 3 years (Required)Containers: 3 years (Required)Kubernetes: 3 years (Required)Docker: 3 years (Required)Lambda: 3 years (Required)Identity & access management: 3 years (Required)SDLC: 3 years (Required)Load balancing: 3 years (Required)Terraform: 3 years (Required)Azure: 3 years (Required)Mentoring: 1 year (Required)License/Certification:AWS Solutions Architect Certification (Required)AWS SysOps Administrator Certification (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	C2S Consulting Group	Washington, DC	None	"C2S Consulting Group is hiring a Cloud Engineer!

C2S Consulting Group is a Cloud Consulting Partner, focusing on our client’s applications and workloads to design a strategy and plan to migrate to a cloud environment, and introduce them to the operational benefits of DevOps, resulting in more reliable systems, automation at all levels and higher return on investment. We specialize in making the migration to the cloud successful for government and commercial entities, and provide services for cloud software development, workload migration, deployment automation and cloud security integration.

We work on the cutting edge of technology, and offer opportunities for variety, challenging work and career advancement.

U.S. Citizenship Required

Clearance Level Requirement: TS SCI CI Poly

Job Description

Provide technical planning and technical monitoring and control support to the program manager.
May lead or participate in risk management and preparation of technical reviews.
May provide oversight for configuration management, data management, and measurement activities.
Participates in systems engineering activities which include one or more of the following: Concept of Operations Formulation, Requirements Definition, Analysis and Engineering, System Architecting, System analysis and design, Interface and Data Architectures, Validation and Verification, System Integration, System & Op. Performance Analysis, Lifecycle Cost Analysis & Estimation, Decision Analysis and Resolution.

Required Skills

BA
5 years of experience in systems engineering for information technology.
Cyber
AWS Developer
Ruby
Bash
Python
Ansible
CI/CD

Benefits

C2S Consulting Group provides competitive wages, vacation, medical, vision, dental, 401k, and continuous education benefits.

Why work at C2S Consulting Group?

At C2S Consulting Group we work on a wide variety of projects for customers. Our company balances innovation, engineering and entrepreneurship. We value our employees and the technologies with which we work.

We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status."	6252	Washington
Senior Cloud Infrastructure Engineer	Deloitte	Arlington, VA	None	"Cloud Infrastructure Engineer
Do you want to be at the forefront of Deloitte's emerging cloud practice? We're looking for exceptional problem-solvers to help address our clients' most compelling Cloud needs. You will work along-side top engineers and technical thought leaders building Cloud solutions helping shape the future of global enterprises. You will be at the heart of the technical solutioning and leading-edge product development.
Work you'll do
Lead/support implementation of core cloud components and document critical design and configuration details to support enterprise cloud initiatives. The Cloud Infrastructure Engineer will be primarily responsible for utilizing technical skills to coordinate enhancements and deployment efforts and to provide insight and recommendations for implementing client solutions. Engineers will work closely with other cloud teams, project managers, engineers, and other functions.
Responsibilities include:
Consulting with client stakeholders on strategies for deployment of new cloud technology implementations, monitoring and optimization of existing equipment
Delivering end-to-end infrastructure management solutions in a cloud environment
Improving infrastructure operations through better use of monitoring, cloud coding and scripting best practices
Automating infrastructure migration to cloud environments
Implementing cloud governance, build, deployment and monitoring standards for the clients
The team
Cloud Engineering
Our Cloud Engineering team focuses on enabling our client's end-to-end journey from On-Premise to Cloud, with opportunities in the areas of: Cloud Strategy, Op Model Transformation, Cloud Development, Cloud Integration & APIs, Cloud Migration, Cloud Infrastructure & Engineering, and Cloud Managed Services. We help our clients see the transformational capabilities of Cloud as an opportunity for business enablement and competitive advantage.
Cloud Engineering supports our clients as they improve agility and resilience, and identifies opportunities to reduce IT operations spend through automation by enabling Cloud. We accelerate our clients towards a technology-driven future, leveraging vendor solutions and Deloitte-developed software products, tools, and accelerators.
Qualifications
Required:

Bachelor's degree
Ability to obtain Secret clearance
At least 2 years of experience with server virtualization
At least 2 years of experience with any of the following technologies: AWS, VMWare, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Must be legally authorized
to work in the United States without the need
for employer sponsorship, now or at any time
in the future
Preferred:
3+ years of experience with Virtualization: Virtualization Server, Storage, Desktop, Network; Reducing Sprawl
3+ years of experience with Infrastructure-Based Processes: Monitoring, Capacity Planning, Facilities Management, Performance Tuning, Asset Management, Disaster Recovery, Data Center support
2+ years of experience with Servers, Infrastructure, Platform Sizing, Infrastructure Cost Reduction
2+ years of experience with legacy system engineering assessments, discovering the build and details surrounding the system in order to re-build it in a new hosted environment"	6252	Washington
Lead AWS Cloud Engineer	Mitre Corporation	McLean, VA	None	"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
The External Cloud Team in ECIS is seeking a Lead Cloud Engineer to support the development and administration of MITRE's enterprise cloud architecture in AWS. As a member of our team, you’ll build and apply hands-on expertise across the full AWS ecosystem. It's our goal to establish and maintain the technical foundation upon which projects can work securely in the cloud, empowering projects to be self-sufficient and agile while minimizing risk to MITRE and remaining in compliance with InfoSec policy.
Key Functions:
Define and lead development of a robust governance framework for securing AWS environments in accordance with prevailing policy
Contribute to the security, networking, governance, and automation of MITRE’s AWS architecture
Troubleshoot complex technical issues and provide advanced operational support to internal MITRE customers in AWS
Collaborate with InfoSec to define secure baselines in AWS
Collaborate with other MITRE teams in pursuit of cross-domain, multi-cloud, and hybrid solutions involving AWS
Share knowledge across MITRE and external partners
Required Qualifications:
Demonstrated expertise in AWS cloud technologies
History of performing hands-on work to solve complex technical problems
Desire to dive deep and understand how things work beneath the surface
Ability to work on a team as well as independently to achieve team goals
Ability to communicate clearly
Ability to persevere
Preferred Qualifications:
Hands-on expertise in Python, Git, CloudFormation, and SDN
Experience with compliance standards (e.g. NIST 800-171 and NIST 800-53)
This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
None
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only."	6252	Washington
Infrastructure As Code - Engineer	Technology & Business Management Inc.	Arlington, VA	$105,749 - $145,452 a year	Support the infrastructure application development services, and infrastructure-as-code systems administration services as they pertain. Documented and relevant experience with the following skill-sets:Prior Python experience for systems administration or software engineering tasksInteracting with and marking-up data structures in JSON/YAML formatsSystems Administration familiarity on UNIX-like systems (e.g, Linux, BSD, etc)Comfort with CLI scripting in UNIX-like and windows environments (i.e. Bash, ZSH, Powershell, etc.)Comfort with GIT and other version control tools at the command linePrior experience leveraging continuous integration / continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools (e.g, Azure DevOps, CircleCI, Jenkins, TFS)Desirable, but optional: prior experience with Terraform, Ansible, Chef, or other declarative configuration management and provisioning toolsJob Type: Full-timePay: $105,749.00 - $145,452.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible schedulePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Azure: 1 year (Preferred)AWS: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
Software Development Engineer II - WorkMail (AWS)	Amazon.com Services LLC	Arlington, VA	None	"
2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
Competency in computer science fundamentals such as data structures, algorithms, problem solving and complexity analysis.
Clear, professional communication skills to be able to contribute effectively - including asking questions - in team discussions and in written media like design documents and tickets.

Want to develop a customer-facing, business-critical AWS service? Amazon WorkMail is hiring Software Development Engineers to help us build new interfaces and features for our secure, managed email and calendar service.

On the WorkMail team, you will have the chance to learn all the ins and outs of the cloud as you build for a growing AWS service that is itself built on the AWS stack. For our service, teams build everything from browser-based user interfaces, to APIs and wire protocols, low-level storage and search technologies, message routing and anti-abuse technologies, and more.

If you have experience in, or interest in, mail messaging protocols and concepts, building applications in multiple languages, and building for client-side and server-side, and a sense of pride and ownership in what you work on, including a willingness to support it, we want to talk to you.

We don't expect you to have experience in everything - it's more important to be motivated to learn and improve your skills over time. Our team culture supports your active growth through collaborative task work, knowledge-sharing internal activities, quarterly hackathons, and mentoring.

You'll join a friendly and fun organization with diverse backgrounds and expertise and learn how Amazon builds and operates highly-available services at scale.

About Us

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance
Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Experience in, or interest in:

Email and calendar protocols and concepts
Building cloud-native, resilient services
Building applications that include a mix of client-side and server-side components

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	6252	Washington
Senior Software Engineer	BAE Systems	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"BAE Systems, Inc is seeking a Senior Software Developer to provide full stack development support. The position is located in Sterling, Virginia. The candidate will need to determine computer user needs, analyzes customer requirements, designs and develop a winning product.
Responsibilities include
Provide code design, implementation, test and overall technical expertise for one or more applications or services
Creates / designs application interfaces for one or more applications across the program
Assist the product lead in development of project-level solutions discrepancies and enhancements
Provides level of effort estimates for story point planning for vetting by product lead
Completes unit tests
Participates in agile activities
Provides inputs to project documentation including but not limited to requirements, user and administration guides, and release notes.

Required Education, Experience, & Skills

Experience with Node.js
Experience with Elastic Search
Experience with MongoDB
Strong experience with code design, implementation, test.

Strong customer service skills

Experience interfacing and briefing government customers at all levels

Strong analytical and problem solving skills

Excellent oral and written communication skills and with a demonstrated ability to communicate effectively to multiple audiences

About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security

BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it’s what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts – defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team—making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you’ll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference.

Intelligence & Security (I&S), based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels.


At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We’re laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer	Federated Wireless	Arlington County, VA	None	"Arlington, VA

Are you an innovator? Would putting together solutions that are truly groundbreaking while collaborating with other innovators inspire you? Are you motivated by fast paced and entrepreneurial work environments? At Federated Wireless, we are a dynamic start-up that is passionate about improving the utilization of wireless spectrum – opening opportunities for carriers, enterprises, and consumers to use wireless networks in ways they have never dreamt before.

Federated Wireless, Inc., a company developing state of the art wireless network and application services technology, is seeking a Cloud Engineer to deploy, operate and manage a high availability, fault tolerant multi-tenant application service engine. The Engineer in this role will independently design and develop a cloud orchestration and deployment framework within an Agile service development and deployment life cycle. They will design and code components and/or sub-components, and test deployment and operational tools for all micro-services. We are looking for a self-motivated, phenomenal teammate with a background working in an Agile environment to join our dynamic team!

Roles/Responsibilities:
Design, develop, test, and document an orchestration and deployment framework for managing of multi-tenant public cloud-based application services

Develop/incorporate application monitoring tools for Operations

Responsible for service delivery in the Production environment

Application service performance analysis, and generating data for traffic forecasting

Monitor application services and ensure alignment with SLA requirements

Manage support tickets internally and externally, driving the coordination for RCA determination

Support customer presentations and discussions as part of the Engineering team, and incorporate customer feedback into release management process

Qualifications:
Experience with REST API (Client and Server)

Stong knowledge of networking and TCP/IP fundamentals

Hands on experience with a modern coding language (Python/Golang etc.)

2+ years experience of services design, development, & deployment

Strong background in Continuous Deployment of services in AWS Cloud

Hands-on experience with AWS Cloud Services

Hands on experience deploying and managing Container Orchestrator like K8s/ECS etc.

Experience with Git source code control

Experience working in an Agile development environment

Excellent oral and written interpersonal skills

Strong knowledge of open-source libraries/packages

Nice to Have:
Hands-on experience designing, implementing, and consuming container-based application services.

Terraform

Experience with test driven development and participating in CI/CD pipelines

AWS SysOps or DevOps Associate certification is a plus

Location:
Arlington, VA

Up to 25% travel will be required in this position, domestically or internationally as deemed necessary to the growth and expansion of the Company.

Federated Wireless is committed to providing equal opportunity for all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual preference/orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, national origin, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other protected classification under applicable law."	6252	Washington
Senior Frontend Software Engineer (Remote, Americas)	Shopify	Washington, DC	None	"Company Description
Shopify’s mission is to make commerce better for everyone. From building a new product feature for our commerce platform, to helping a merchant troubleshoot an issue over the phone, we want to empower our ecosystem through our work.
Having a unified vision, a north star, is vitally important to ensure that we are all headed in the same direction. No matter the size or experience, we want to power every merchant’s experience. This is why we're all here.
Shopify is now permanently remote and we're working towards a future that is digital by default. That location you see above? Consider it merely an example of hundreds of potential locations across North America where Shopify is hiring. Learn more here: https://www.shopify.com/careers/work-anywhere

Job Description
Shopify is on a fast-moving mission to make the best products for merchants, buyers, and partners around the globe — and developers play a vital role in building that future. Here are just some of the stories from the engineering teams who build and scale Shopify.

What does Front End Development mean at Shopify?
Our Frontend Engineers collaborate closely with software engineering teams, designers, product managers, and marketers to not only build incredible merchant-facing products and marketing campaigns, but also developer-facing tools. You’ll use the latest web standards in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and modern technologies and frameworks like Typescript, React, GraphQL, Apollo and Ruby on Rails, to develop large front-end web applications and websites that scale and perform well on all devices. Front End Development exists across all of Shopify, from Product to Marketing, working closely with the teams that create performant experiences and communicate Shopify’s impact on commerce to a global audience. You may also collaborate with our Data and SEO teams, helping us make data informed decisions and driving additional new merchant acquisition. You might focus on creating thoughtful interfaces for our users, shaping our design language, and contributing to our shared component libraries in a maintainable and scalable way.

Qualifications
What you’ll do as a Senior Frontend Software Engineer at Shopify:
Collaborating with other designers and engineers
Creating beautiful and fast code that improves our code base in meaningful ways
Using test-driven development to write well-tested code
Fixing bugs fast and taking your time to solve hard problems well
Contributing back to the open source community
Experience and skills that are important for success in this role:
Experience using technologies and frameworks like (but not limited to) some of our most-used languages — Ruby on Rails, GraphQL, Java/JEE, Node.js, Javascript, React or React Native — is an asset, but not required. Don’t have experience with many of them? No problem — deep experience with any relevant transferrable technologies and willingness to learn our tech stack goes a long way. (Also: Check out our StackShare here)
Curiosity and passion to constantly learn new things; Shopify changes fast, and we need the people who work here to be able to change and learn fast too
Experience with relational databases and SQL
Bonus Points: You’ve mentored teammates on new ways to deepen their technical craft
Additional Information
Shopify is now permanently remote and working towards a future that is digital by default. Learn more about what this can mean for you.

We know that looking for a new role can be both exciting and time-consuming, and we truly appreciate your effort. Jenn is an actual real live person () and is looking forward to learning more about you through your application. And remember, we want to know what you're really interested in building and why you want to build it at Shopify, so please give us as much detail on this as you'd like in the answers on the next page.


Shopify is now permanently remote, and working towards a future that is digital by default. Learn more about what this can mean for you: https://www.shopify.com/careers/work-anywhere

Our belief is that a strong commitment to diversity & inclusion enables us to truly make commerce better for everyone. We encourage applications from Indigenous peoples, racialized people, people with disabilities, people from gender and sexually diverse communities, and/or people with intersectional identities. Please take a look at our Sustainability Reports to learn more about Shopify’s commitments to our communities, and our planet: https://www.shopify.com/about/environment#SustainabilityReports

At Shopify, we understand that experience comes in many forms. We’re dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team - so if your experience is this close to what we’re looking for, please consider applying.

#LI-KO3 #LI-REMOTE #LI-AH1
Interested, but not ready to apply?
Join the Shopify Talent Community to learn more about us, while you polish up your resume: https://www.shopify.com/careers/2021"	6252	Washington
Senior Software Engineer - Unified Commerce Center	GoDaddy	Washington, DC	None	"Get to know us

GoDaddy is empowering everyday entrepreneurs around the world by providing all of the help and tools to succeed online. GoDaddy is the place people come to name their idea, build a professional website, attract customers, sell their products and services, and manage their work. Our mission is to give our customers the tools, insights and the people to transform their ideas and personal initiative into success. To learn more about the company, visit www.GoDaddy.com.

Location

This position is not eligible to be performed in Alaska, Colorado, Mississippi, North Dakota, or the Virgin Islands

Join our team

GoDaddy has offered online commerce capabilities for many years and is proud to support an extremely diverse set of merchants of all sizes, all over the world. Many business owners have leveraged a wide variety of GoDaddy tools to design and build an online store, sell on multiple channels like Etsy and Instagram, and build relationships with their customers through communications and marketing tools.

We are looking for a strong full-stack engineer and expert in JavaScript (React/Node) to play a crucial role in the Unified Commerce Center team.

What you’ll get to do…

Our mission is to unify the merchant experience and maximize ease of use across all GoDaddy commerce offerings, including:

Offering a dynamic onboarding and setup experience across all commerce products, so a merchant can easily set up exactly the products that they need
Building a powerful data pipeline and dashboard to aggregate orders, item sales, and customer metrics across all products so a merchant knows exactly what they're doing that has the biggest impact on their business
Surfacing critical action items across GoDaddy commerce products so a merchant can take care of pressing issues right away and know at a glance if their business is thriving
Building out all setup, data, and recommendations capabilities in a scalable API platform

Your experience should include…

Mastery of JavaScript or TypeScript, and experience building performant, responsive interfaces with at least one modern web framework – React or Next.js preferred
Experience building scalable web backends in Node.js
A passion for quality, great UX, attention to detail, and an empathy for customer experience
Object-oriented programming and design fundamentals
Understanding of modern datastore mechanics and performance
Strong interpersonal and communication skills

You might also have...

Experience as a tech lead or architect for an engineering team – helping to define and review engineering roadmap, architecture, and software development and testing/automation processes
Experience with large scale data pipelines
Experience deploying applications at scale on AWS

We've got your back

Enjoy our many benefits (My Wallet), including paid time off, 401k, equity grants and parental leave. Join one of our employee resource groups (Culture). Continue to have a side hustle, if you have one (we love entrepreneurs, remember?). Most importantly, come as you are and make your own way.

GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression (including against any individual that is transitioning, has transitioned, or is perceived to be transitioning), marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements.

If you need help completing an application for a position with GoDaddy, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at myrecruiter@godaddy.com.

GoDaddy doesn’t accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies."	6252	Washington
Associate Cloud Systems Engineer - AWS/Azure	Rally Health	Washington, DC	None	"If you're an Engineer who's interested in bringing Infrastructure as Code, introducing new products and automation to our engineering practices, or if you have any cloud experience and are open to optimization of our engineering environments; this is the place for you.

A Cloud Engineer will maintain the cloud and virtual server infrastructure within Rally. They will spend roughly equal parts of their time, working with members of the Engineering organization and multiple lines of the business outside of the department. You will report into our Sr Manager, Engineering.

Team Responsibilities:
Manage the Engineering AWS environment using modern config-based tools such as Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible, and Puppet
Build Linux-based server solutions for Engineering needs in AWS and Azure
Develop automation scripts using Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible, and Puppet
Troubleshoot and repair Linux hosts through command line (Ubuntu/RHEL/Amazon Linux)
Develop programs and automation pipelines using several programming and scripting languages
Improve security vulnerabilities in the IT server environments

You Have:
Familiarity with AWS/Azure or equivalent capability (EC2, EFS, RDS, and VPC configuration)
Proficient in one or more programming and scripting languages like Java, Python, Scala, Ruby, Go, Rust,
Proficient in Bash and PowerShell scripting
Experience with CI/CD tools and platforms like GIT, Jenkins, Azure DevOps
Experience with configuration management tools like Ansible, Puppet, Packer, or Chef
Build monitors and alerts to keep uptime high, and incidents low (Splunk, Datadog, New Relic)
Experience with container technology like Kubernetes and Docker

Please note that we can hire this position in multiple states.

Rally Health® is about putting health in the hands of the individual by empowering people to take charge of their health and health care with our online and mobile tools. We know that a diverse workforce enriches us with the talent, perspective, and inspiration we need to achieve our mission. Rally knows that we are strongest when our teams reflect the diversity of the world around us and create a sense of belonging.

Since 2017, Rally has been a non-integrated entity of Optum, a part of UnitedHealth Group. In the next stage of our evolution, Rally will improve into a new organization within Optum known as Optum Digital. With these changes, set to be complete by the end of September 2021, we will bring together teams to better provide our digital products to consumers.

Our Benefits:
Great compensation package
Comprehensive benefits package for full-time employees, including medical, dental, vision coverage, stock purchase plan, and 401(k)
Wellness programs, including physical and mental health services
Flexible paid time off for full-time employees and paid leave for new parents

Rally Health believes in a policy of equal employment and opportunity for all people. It is our policy to train and promote individuals in all job titles, and administer all programs, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, sex, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, genetic information, disability, matriculation, political affiliation, veteran status, union affiliation, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.

Individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Applicants who require an accommodation related to the application or review process should notify Talent Acquisition ( recruiting@rallyhealth.com ).

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."	6252	Washington
Cloud Software Engineer	AMCHES, INC	Annapolis Junction, MD	$165,000 - $185,000 a year	Amches, Inc has a growing need for a Cloud Software Engineer that is cleared with Poly to become an integral part of our team!Amches Benefits Snapshot: 401K contribution: 10% (not a match, a contribution!! )PTO: 248 hoursHealthcare: Free (BlueCross Blue Shield for Health, Vision, and Dental) for individualsRequirements: *Develop and maintain assigned persona analytic tasks requiring implementation, documentation, and testing for the Identity & Behavior Discovery team to support Persona Tool Kit (PTK) Curation.Analytics will be developed primarily, but not exclusively, in the customer cloud infrastructure using the Query Time Analytics (QTA) framework.The developer shall possess the necessary skills required to implement an end-to-end solution including (but not limited to) accessing existing datasets, creating new datasets by ingesting data, performing analytic functions, and exposing analytic results to the users.The data could be metadata or content. Provide holistic solutions to extract value from large data sets. Research and develop original solutions to solve big data challenges.Qualification: At least eight (8) years of general experience in software development/engineering, including requirements analysis, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution.At least six (6) years of experience developing software with high-level languages (such as Java, C, C++), developing software in UNIX/Linux (RedHat versions 3-5+), and software integration and testing (to include developing and implementing test plans and scripts).At least four (4) years of experience with distributed scalable Big Data Store (NoSQL) such as H Base, CloudBase/Accumulo, Big Table, etc., as well as Map-Reduce programming model, the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), and technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Etc.Shall have demonstrated work experience with 1) Serialization such as JSON and/or BSON, 2) developing restful services, and 3) using source code management tools.A bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics, or a related discipline may be substituted for 4 years of general experience.Preferred: Experience with Java/Pig MapReduce is requiredJava/Pig MapReduce required, QTA framework desired, JavaScript/Angular GHOST MACHINEExperience with customer QTA framework is desiredDesire knowledge of Graph Theory to include Social Network AnalysisExperience with Python is desiredExperience developing software in a Linux environmentExperience with customer GHOST MACHINE analytic developmentExperience with Jira, Maven, and GitJob Type: Full-timePay: $165,000.00 - $185,000.00 per year	6252	Washington
Senior Quality Engineer - Telecommute	UnitedHealth Group	Herndon, VA 20171	None	"DocASAP, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, is a high-performing startup that is optimizing the health care industry by transforming 1.1 million providers into one streamlined system that reduces wait times for patients so they can get access to care when they need it. Our CEO championed this initiative after waiting hours in an emergency room with his son. We are actively reducing wait times across providers as our company grows thanks to our team’s positive attitude and strong family spirit. At DocASAP, we know happiness and productivity go together. We offer flexible working hours in a performance driven environment. Challenge yourself by shaping what health care looks like while doing your life’s best work.(sm)
As part of Optum, DocASAP is a patient access platform that matches the patient with the right provider, at the right time and right setting. The Engineering team plays a key role in defining and growing DocASAP's intelligent, market leading platform. You will play a significant part in supporting the transformation and scalability of our platform to meet the market needs. You will be supporting and driving the DocASAP SaaS capabilities, responsible for building and managing our APIs.
We are looking for an exceptional Senior Quality Engineer. This individual will play a vital role in expanding the quality and customer experience of our patient access and engagement platform and will be part of the complete development cycle. We want a team member who is passionate about working in a high-energy environment and loves learning and contributing to a high-performance team.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within United States as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Recognize problems and make recommendations / decisions on the best course of action to remediate
Meet with business and technical teams to discuss functional design concepts and alternatives necessary to meet requirements
Summarize testing and validation results communicate and make recommendations / decisions on the best course of action to remediate
Help define acceptance test objectives, test cases and assist in system and integration testing
Ensure each level of the organization has the information needed and the context needed to produce favorable results
Build strong relationship with IT operational leaders to ensure connectivity to the business
Develop and execute test strategies to ensure product quality
Work closely with the development team to design and deliver key product features
Create, maintain and build automation scripts
Maintain outstanding development standards, especially related to performance, robustness, and testing
Functional and non-functional test specification, execution and reporting
Actively learn new languages, libraries, and platforms as needed. Adapt quickly to changing requirements
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Undergraduate degree
4+ years of experience working in software engineering organizations
2+ years of automated testing experience
Experience testing frameworks such as, but not limited to:
Selenium
JUnit
Cucumber
Experience testing applications created in one or more of the following languages:
Java
Python
NodeJS
Experience with JavaScript
Experience with SQL
Knowledge of modern build pipelines
Knowledge of test layers and applications for testing strategies
Hosting knowledge in Amazon AWS or similar cloud hosting
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. When in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are required to wear a mask in common areas. In addition, employees must comply with any state and local masking orders
Preferred Qualifications:
Healthcare experience
Experience in UNIX-based OS. Mobile device testing
Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $79,700 to $142,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. As of the date of this posting, In addition to your salary, UHG offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Health, dental, and vision plans; wellness program; flexible spending accounts; paid parking or public transportation costs; 401(k) retirement plan; employee stock purchase plan; life insurance, short-term disability insurance, and long-term disability insurance; business travel accident insurance; Employee Assistance Program; PTO; and employee-paid critical illness and accident insurance.
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job Keywords: Senior Quality Engineer, Quality Engineer, QA Engineer, Quality, Quality Assurance, Testing, Automated Testing, Software Engineer, Telecommute, Telecommuting, Telecommuter, Work From Home, Work At Home, Remote"	6252	Washington
Cloud Enterprise Architect - AWS Solutions Architect	Accenture	Washington, DC	None	"ACCENTURE's Flexible Workforce solves clients’ toughest challenges by providing cross-industry expertise, unmatched innovation, World-class tech and talent. We help bring it all together to deliver tangible business outcomes for our clients with contractors and our extended workforce opportunities. Accenture is consistently recognized on FORTUNE’s 100 Best Companies to Work for and Diversity Inc’s Top 50 Companies for Diversity lists. And that's just the beginning. Now is the perfect time for you to consider opportunities through our Flexible Workforce.
What's In It For You:
Collaborate with a diverse network of people
Actively deliver innovative solutions for Accenture's clients
Apply your skills and experience to help drive business transformation
Work locally or remotely, significantly reducing or eliminating the demands to travel
Project Description:
We are seeking a Cloud Enterprise Architect - AWS Solutions Architect in WASHINGTON DC will work remotely and then onsite once the restrictions are lifted.
This is a 6 months contract opportunity that does not offer sponsorship now or in the future.
Must be able to work on W2.
Responsibilities:
Must have 5+ years of experience in Cloud Enterprise Architect - AWS Solutions Architect
Also, AWS Solutions Architect Certification is required
Education Requirement: Bachelor's Degree
Remote. Post COVID restrictions lifted.
Must have Cloud Enterprise Architecture - Background
This role will be part of the Enterprise Architecture Portfolio under Corporate Functions and Governance at Client.
Client is on a Enterprise Cloud Transformation journey, working towards completion of migration.
Engage with Client stakeholder, Other Architects in building the required solution for clients around Operations Transparency, Process and Cost Optimization.
Thought Leadership – Provide thought leadership on solutions that benefit customers through the use of AWS Services.
Assist solution providers with the definition and implementation of technical and business strategies.
Main Duties: Solutions Architecture for a number of Cost Optimization, Process Optimization efforts in Enterprise Architecture space
Certifications: AWS Solutions Architect.
Must have Amazon Web Services ,AWS Architecture ,Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Enterprise Architecture and also knowledge in AWS Services.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree.
Bonus Points If You Have:
Master's Degree.
Keywords: Cloud Enterprise Architect ,AWS Solutions Architect, Cloud
What We Believe
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment.
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement


Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative, more competitive and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.


All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.


Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.


For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement


Requesting An Accommodation


Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired.


If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter.


Other Employment Statements


Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States.
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.


Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.


The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."	6252	Washington
AWS Cloud Engineer	Slalom Consulting	Washington, DC	None	"Who You’ll Work With
As a modernized technology company, our Slalom Technologists are disrupting the market and bringing to life the art of the possible for our clients. We have passion for building strategies, solutions and creative products to help our clients solve their most complex and interesting business problems. We surround our technologists with interesting challenges, innovative minds and emerging technologies. Slalom Consulting’s Washington DC office is currently seeking a talented DevOps Engineer who is well versed in Cloud, DevOps/Security and Agile. Successful candidates must thrive in a people-based corporate culture.
What You’ll Do
Design, build, test and deploy highly scalable and resilient cloud-based applications on private and public clouds
Develop deep expertise with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and/or Google Cloud
Take ownership of key architecture decisions
 Knowledgeable in the tools and techniques necessary to design automated deployments using a DevOps approach
What You’ll Bring
Bachelor’s degree preferred
5+ years of progressively responsible software engineering and DevOps experience
Experience designing and implementing end to end Continuous Delivery pipelines
Deep AWS, Azure, or Google public cloud experience in a production environment (e.g. network, security, deployment, automation, serverless technologies)
Configuration Management and Infrastructure as Code (e.g. Chef, Puppet, Ansible)
Experience collaborating across multiple functional/technical teams to deliver a project
Demonstrated growth mindset, enthusiastic about learning new technologies quickly and applying gained knowledge to address business problems
Ability to communicate with clients on a business level and translate their needs into a technical solution
About Us
Slalom is a modern consulting firm focused on strategy, technology, and business transformation. In 39 markets around the world, Slalom's teams have autonomy to move fast and do what's right. They are backed by regional innovation hubs, a global culture of collaboration, and partnerships with the world's top technology providers. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, Slalom has organically grown to over 8,000 employees. Slalom has been named one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For five years running and is regularly recognized by employees as a best place to work. Learn more at slalom.com.
Slalom prides itself on helping team members thrive in their work and life. As a result, Slalom is proud to invest in benefits that include: meaningful time off and paid holidays, parental leave, 401(k) with a match, a range of choices for highly subsidized health, dental, & vision coverage, adoption and fertility assistance, and short/long-term disability. We also offer additional benefits such as a yearly $350 reimbursement account for any well-being related expenses as well as discounted home, auto, and pet insurance.
Slalom is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, protected veterans status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
#LI-JA1"	6252	Washington
Geospatial Cloud Development Engineer	Mitre Corporation	McLean, VA	None	"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
The Intelligence, Surveillance, & Reconnaissance (ISR) Processing department is seeking candidates to assist our sponsor with multi-cloud and code development tasks leveraging cloud computing technologies and focused research areas including HPC and AI/ML pipelines for Geospatial information processing. The candidate will aid tasks associated the assessment of geospatial data sources into IT infrastructure and cloud capabilities into future architectures. This position requires extensive knowledge of Python, JavaScript to include React and Node.js, cloud computing, edge computing, HPC, AI/ML, geospatial data sources and tools, government architectures, and the requirements development process. This position requires the ability to work independently to create innovative solutions with minimal requirements. The successful candidate will focus on prototyping geospatial capabilities and developing requirements and recommendations for integrated geospatial solutions to maximize MITRE’s support across its customers.
Position is full-time at McLean, VA.
Key Functions include working on a machine learning and deep learning prototype that applies:
Coding to include Python, JavaScript (React and Node.js), C++, Shell scripting, Encryption tooling, container platforms such as Docker and Kubernetes
Cloud computing and Edge technologies (e.g. AWS, Azure, IBM, Oracle, GCP)
HPC technology (e.g. HPE Cray, Apollo, NVIDIA DGX)
Data processing/augmentation, backpropagation, hyperparameter tuning, semantic segmentation
Provide unbiased independent assessments and recommendations for NGA Enterprise IT Infrastructure (Cloud and Data Center) Division
Functional and Performance Requirements Development for Edge Computing Technologies
Creating test plan and results on pilot initiatives
CONOPS and Capability/Requirements Development
Trade Studies and Analysis of Alternatives
Develop Evaluation Criteria
Analyzing and Architecting Technologies leveraging cloud services and platforms to Meet Mission
Required Qualifications:
TS/SCI Polygraph
BS Degree, 10 years' related experience
Computer Science and/or Systems engineering background
Broad understanding of the technologies and capabilities of cloud, HPC, AI/ML, data science
In-depth knowledge and experience in the following areas:
Programming languages including Python JavaScript, and C++
Common tools and frameworks such as Jupyter notebooks, Scikit Learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe, and CUDA
AWS and/or Azure services,
MNIST, ResNet, RetinaNet, YOLO v4
Strong foundation in Systems Engineering, Software Engineering principles and experience applying that knowledge to real world problems.
Strong knowledge of GEOINT products, analytics, and services as well as GEOINT processing, exploitation, and dissemination systems.
Ability to lead and collaborate across multiple teams working on diverse tasks.
Desire to learn and be part of a fast-paced and complex technical effort.
Ability to develop creative approaches to address tough government challenges.
Superior customer engagement and communication skills to be able to work seamlessly across MITRE, government, and contractor teams.
Excellent oral and written skills
Preferred Qualifications:
Strong knowledge of NGA IT Infrastructure segments / capabilities / initiatives
Strong knowledge of NGA supported missions
Understanding of our mission partners to include ODNI, USDI, NRO, and Combatant Commands
Understands language’s platform dependencies and library management
Familiar with image processing using the Python language
Understands a shell environment with few tools and environment itself as a variable
Understands raster, geotransform, and coordinate system projection concepts
Style-transfer learning, unsupervised learning, training sets, inference model
Neural network including but not limited to adversarial networks, and deep neural network, region proposal network, etc.
This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
Top Secret/SCI/Polygraph
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only."	6252	Washington
Cloud Solutions Architect	Applied Information Sciences	Reston, VA 20191 (South Lakes Dr - Soapstone Dr area)	$175,000 a year	"Intro:

Notice of the Filing of a Labor Condition Application with the
Employment and Training Administration Pursuant to 20 C.F.R. §655.734
What You'll Be Doing:

Applied Information Sciences, Inc. has filed a Labor Condition Application (LCA), seeking employment of an H-1B nonimmigrant as a Cloud Solutions Architect from 08/23/2021 to 08/22/2024, offering a wage of $175,000 per year in the Reston, VA metropolitan area. The LCA is available for public inspection at 11440 Commerce Park Drive, Suite 600, Reston, VA, 20191. Complaints alleging misrepresentation of material facts in the Labor Condition Application and/or failure to comply with the terms of the Labor Condition Application may be filed with any office of the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor."	6252	Washington
Cloud Engineer III - Top Secret	Red River	Chantilly, VA 20151	$110,000 - $120,000 a year	"Red River is seeking an IT Cloud Engineer III to join our team. This person will be responsible for performing the technical duties associated with cloud computing. This can involve anything from designing cloud software and systems to implementing and maintaining them. Performs work under minimal supervision. Handles complex issues and problems, and refers only the most complex issues to higher-level staff. Possesses comprehensive knowledge of subject matter. Provides leadership, coaching, and/or mentoring to a subordinate group. May act as a lead or first-level supervisor.Responsibilities:Analyzes and defines business requirements to determine specifications and standards; proposes and develops solutions. Deploys and oversees implementation and integration of web-based applications, ensuring that appropriate information security standards are met. Monitors system uptime and performance, troubleshooting and resolving errors. Stays informed of emerging cloud technologies and evaluates their value to the organization's operations. Relevant programming knowledge. Software design. Software documentation. Software debugging. Analytic skills. Problem solving skills. Detail oriented. Ability to work with a team.Requirements:Top Secret Clearance5 years of relevant experience working in an enterprise level compute environmentTrouble shooting common hardware and software issuesDemonstrated experience with virtualization (Citrix, Vmware, Microsoft, Red Hat, Oracle)Exposure to cloud technologies (AWS, Azure, Google)Exposure to policy and compliance requirements (NIST, ISO)Familiarity with common network infrastructure implementation (IP, VPN, CIDR blocks)Additional:Certifications relevant to Cloud or any of the applications listed in the ""Requirements"" section. (Certifications are NOT a requirement)Job Type: Full-timePay: $110,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes"	6252	Washington
AWS Cloud Architect	Deloitte	Arlington, VA	None	"Are you looking to make an immediate impact where you can help our clients solve their business challenges? Deloittes Core Business Operations (CBO) portfolio operates at the center of our clients business. By joining our team, you could help C-suite and program leaders transform their organization and accelerate mission execution through emerging and disruptive technologies, innovative business models, retooled program operations and industry-driven solutions.
Work youll do
Defining Data Management, Deployment Patterns and Service Discovery
Executing & Implementing Micro Services Architecture as an Enterprise Platform/ Fabric
Using Turbot to single sign-on into AWS Console to manage resources and develop applications.
Moving large SQL Server databases from on-premises to cloud platform.
Using Tomcat and JBOSS on Solaris and Linux boxes.
Using Docker to virtualize the servers for development and test environments with Docker containers.
Create AWS cloud formation templates to create custom-sized VPC, subnets, EC2 instances, ELB and security groups.
Worked on tagging standard for proper identification and ownership of EC2 instances and other AWS Services like Cloud Front, cloud watch, RDS, S3, Route53, SNS, SQS and Cloud Trail.
The team
Deloittes Government and Public Services (GPS) practice "" our people, ideas, technology and outcomes""is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
Deloittes Cloud offering consists of engineers and technical thought leaders who build cloud solutions that help shape the future of global enterprises. Our Cloud team is at the heart of technical solutioning and at the leading edge of product development.
Qualifications
Required: >

Bachelors degree required
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Travel up to 25%
Preferred:
8+ years of IT experience as DevOps Engineer, AWS Architect & Developer and application developer. Extensive experience includes SCM, DevOps Build/Release Management, AWS, Change/Incident Management and Cloud Management.
Highly Skilled in Cloud Agnostic Architecture
Highly Skilled in Lift and Shift Migration Program
Experience in Cloud Native Transformation through Containers and Orchestration using Docker and Kubernetes\ Experienced in Design and Development of Micro Services and Mesh App and Service Architecture
In-depth knowledge in AWS cloud services like EC2, S3, RDS, VPC, Cloud Front, and Cloud Watch
Expertise in DevOps, Release Engineering, Configuration Management, Cloud Infrastructure Automation, it includes Amazon Web Services (AWS), Ant, Maven, Jenkins, and GitHub.
How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe theres always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career."	6252	Washington
Cloud Services Architect	DoD Security, LLC	Herndon, VA 20170	$120,000 - $140,000 a year	Should have experience in:Office 365 Environment design and implementation with emphasis on Azure ADActive Directory Federation Services (Azure AD Connect, PowerShell, Server 2008/2012, Office Pro Plus 2013/2016, OneDrive for Business)Understanding of O365 for MACGroup Policy and AdministrationSentinel configuration and managementDomain administration and managementSharePoint File Structure and Permissions managementEnterprise-scale technical experience with cloud security, hybrid infrastructures secure, architecture designs, and technology managementExperience in the implementation of encryption technologies (SSL, encryption, PKI)Knowledge of traditional network architecture such as IP Addressing, subnetting, routing, switching, and firewallsExperience in, or at minimum knowledge of, RMF compliance standards (NIST, CMMC, etc)REQUIREMENTS:· Minimum 6 years’ experience (2 years on tenant migrations)· Must have availability to complete migrations outside normal working hours (i.e. nights/weekends)· Must possess minimum certification of Sec+· Must have experience building and maintaining client relationships· Must be able to obtain clearance if requiredAs a cloud services engineer you will:Work with clients to design compliant environments within the Office 365 GCC/GCCH tenant (Azure Active Directory (AAD), Information Protection, Single-Sign-On (SSO), multi-factor authentication (MFA) and Office 365 Compliance Manager, etc)Work with compliance analysts to implement remediation steps identified through gap analysisPerform user and file migrations from existing solutions to the Office 365 GCC/GCCH tenantConfigure and administer Azure AD domainsConfigure, deploy and administer Group Policy using DISA STIGSPlan the cybersecurity architecture for an Office 365 GCC/GCCH tenant with AAD, MFA, SharePoint Online and MS Teams to comply with NIST SP 800-171 controlcreate and configure a flexible, adaptable, resilient and secure architecture capable of storing Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI)Configure sites and document libraries, including permissions, content types and metadata.Work with clients and internal teamsWhat we offer· A competitive salary and benefits package· A casual, friendly, and relaxed work environment· Opportunity for growth· A Virginia Business Best Place to WorkDoD Security, LLC is an equal opportunity employer committed to affirmative action and diversity in the workplace. It is the policy of DoD Security, LLC to provide Equal Employment Opportunities (EEO) to Employees and Applicants, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, citizenship status, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or disability or any other factor protected by law and to provide advancement opportunities for minorities, women, disabled individuals and veterans. DoD Security, LLC is stronger and more effective when our workforce includes highly qualified individuals with backgrounds, cultures, and traditions.Job Type: Full-timePay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Must possess minimum certification of Sec+Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Azure: 2 years (Preferred)Cloud Architecture: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	6252	Washington
Field Engineer - Cloud - Americas	Canonical - Jobs	Washington, DC	None	"Help global companies embrace the latest private cloud infrastructure, cloud native operations, and open source applications. Our global cloud field engineering team apply expert insights to real-world customer problems, enabling the enterprise adoption of Ubuntu, OpenStack, Kubernetes and a wide range of associated technology.

We often say that field engineering is 'the hardest job at Canonical' because customers can ask about any aspect of our solutions and products and expect a thoughtful, well-informed answer. We always want to do the best thing for our customers, regardless of our company interests, and field engineers are the people we trust to ensure that is true.

The people who love this role are developers who like to solve customer problems through architecture, presentations and training.

The main responsibilities of this position are:
Understand Ubuntu, Linux, KVM and TCP/IP in real-world environments

Architect complex infrastructure solutions like OpenStack, Kubernetes, Ceph, Hadoop and Spark

Architect and integrate popular open source such as PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Kafka, Cassandra and NGINX

Help customer embrace cloud practices from bare metal to public cloud to cloud-native and serverless

Shape Canonical's product based on customer feedback and experiences

If you have a passion for the latest open source technologies, cloud-native development, data centre technologies such as Openstack, Kubernetes, Public Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) and computer networking, you will love the Cloud Field Engineer role at Canonical.

The successful Field Software Engineer will have :
Degree in Computer Science or related technical field

3 years of Linux development experience

Fluent written and spoken English

Python and Go development skills

Excellent communication and presentation skills

High motivation, ability to multi-task and follow-up reliably on commitments

Interest in customer-facing engagement, including pitching, demonstrating and understanding customer environment and needs

Experience working with Ubuntu, OpenStack, Kubernetes, or Ceph

Interest in new technologies like LXD, MAAS, Juju and Snaps

Ability to travel globally for periods up to two weeks; up to 50% of travel time (after covid-19 restrictions lift)

Nice to have:
Second language is a plus.

Canonical believes a diverse workforce enhances our ability to deliver world class software and services which meet the world's computing needs. We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.

#LI-Remote"	6252	Washington
Systems Engineer - Cloud	Koniag, Inc.	Washington, DC 20005 (Logan Circle area)	None	"Koniag Management Solutions, a KGS company, is seeking a Systems Engineer to support a dynamic and fast-paced Cloud Program at Department of State.
We offer competitive compensation and an extraordinary benefits package including health, dental and vision insurance, 401K with company matching, flexible spending accounts, paid holidays, three weeks paid time off, and more.
The Systems Engineer provides mid-level server implementation and operation to support the DOS project. The candidate will assist with the development and design of cloud applications for a number of cloud solutions. The successful candidate should possess all necessary troubleshooting and problem solving skills pertinent for a Systems Engineer.

Required Qualifications:
Minimum 3-5 years of specialized experience with a BA/BS
Alternatively, 1 to 2 years specialized experience with a Master’s degree

Additional Qualifications:
Experience in GCP, AWS and Microsoft Azure;
Experience with Google Workspace, Service and SalesForce;
Experience designing and developing cloud applications;
Knowledge of necessary processes to deploy the application to the necessary marketspace to include adherence with IA and DS system reporting requirements;
Support the design and development of applications that represent the customer;
Create an application environment that encourages and facilitates user interaction;
Excellent written and verbal communications skills with a demonstrated ability to make difficult concepts easy to understand; demonstrated ability to excel both independently and as a team member in a lively, collaborative environment; and
Ability to effectively manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines.

Working Environment & Conditions
This position is primarily indoors, consistent with a standard office position and has a noise level of mostly low to moderate. The incumbent is required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The workload may require the incumbent to sit for extended periods of time. The incumbent must be able to read, do simple math calculations and withstand moderate amounts of stress. The incumbent must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.
Our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
The company is an equal opportunity employer. The company shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), national origin, age, disability, military/veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to equal employment opportunity in all decisions related to employment, promotion, wages, benefits and all other privileges, terms and conditions of employment.
The company is dedicated to seeking all qualified applicants. If you require an accommodation to navigate or to apply to a position on our website, please contact Heaven Wood via e-mail at accommodations@koniag-gs.com or by calling 703-488-9377 to request accommodations. This contact information is used for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire on a status of your application."	6252	Washington
Lead Cloud Software Engineer	Mitre Corporation	McLean, VA	None	"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
MITRE’s Software Engineering and Computing Department is seeking passionate Cloud Engineers who want to be trusted advisors and technical leaders. We value engineers who want to lead projects to help our sponsors to modernize systems to solve challenging problems affecting our national security.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field and 8 years of experience.
Required Qualifications:
Providing project and technical leadership in cloud adoption is a complex and comprehensive capability.
BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent with 8+ years’ experience
Experience helping customers modernize their IT, including cloud adoption and migration
Preferred Qualifications:
Cloud modernization strategies, techniques and architectures
Policies, practices and trends (e.g., Cloud First, FedRAMP, DevSecOps)
Cloud service providers (e.g., AWS, Azure, Bluemix, GCP)
Cloud technologies (e.g., VMs, containers, serverless, microservices)
This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
Secret
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only."	6252	Washington
