job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Project Manager III (DC)	MPIRE Technology Group, Inc.	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	MPIRE Technology Group Inc. is actively hiring for multiple IT roles during the COVID-19 pandemic.MPIRE Technology Group, Inc. is seeking a Project Manager for our client in Washington, DC. Candidate will support the Office of Grants Management in select phases of the grant’s management process including, but not limited to evaluating on-going performance and financial status reports, final reports, shell award creations, outstanding payment processing, and assisting with grant close-outs.Responsibilities will include: The PM provides direct management guidance of contract personnel to ensure that goals and objectives of the project, as well as problem resolution, are accomplished within prescribed time frames and funding parametersOversee the efforts of direct reporting resources and be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job.Support the administration of grants monitoring tasks by receiving and reviewing grant award, financial and related documents.Support administrative closeout of expired grant; closes out awards and prepares files for archiving.Ensures all final financial reports and technical reports have been received and approved by the agency.Lead/assist in collecting and evaluating required due diligence for transactions to include making necessary inquiries to clients to ensure that required information is provided in a timely manner.Lead review all documents prepared for the signature that require coordination by the Division Director for grammar, and format.Log post award actions in and out of the electronic tracking system ensuring that accurate data are entered into the agency database to capture financial information regarding assistance awards.Requirements: 10+ years experience in Project ManagementCertified Project Management Professional (PMP) certificationProficient in SharePoint and Microsoft Excel.Knowledge and understanding of financial statements, accounting concepts, financial modeling, and application of financial concepts.Experience reviewing federal regulations.Excellent written and communication skills.Ability to obtain and maintain a public trust clearance.Nice to Have: Experience with Grants ManagementExperience in Accounting and/or ConceptsExperience: Senior Level (10+ years)Education: BA/BS in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration, or related field.About Us: MPIRE Technology Group Inc. (MTG) is Small Business that was founded in Virginia. The company offers information technology services consulting and systems integration. Our core offerings include: Software Development, IT/Engineering Support and Cyber Security. MPIRE Technology Group’s technical staff has extensive experience managing and executing the full life cycle of IT infrastructure and development projects. Our teams work alongside their clients helping them to achieve their specific objectives. Our clients continue to use our services because of our high quality of work and our company values.Our Benefits: Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offProfessional development assistanceMPIRE Technology Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.We are not currently working with 3rd parties. We are not currently providing sponsorship.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $1.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Project management: 1 year (Preferred)Financial repots: 1 year (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 1 year (Preferred)Microsoft Powerpoint: 1 year (Preferred)grants management: 1 year (Preferred)accounting: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	480	Washington
IT Project Manager (PROJMGT)	US Office of Inspector General	Alexandria, VA	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is with Department of Defense (DoD) Office of Inspector General (OIG), Mission Support Team (MST) Component.

This job will close when we have received 100 applications which may be sooner than the closing date.
Responsibilities
Position located within the Strategic Planning and Performance Directorate, supporting the Defense Case Activity Tracking System (D-CATS) Program Management Office.
Supports oversight of a Level III Defense Business System and Department of Defense-wide enterprise application that offers case management capabilities to applicable investigation communities.
Assists in implementation of Agile software development methodologies and Scrum/SAFe frameworks, with industry leading business partners, as well as forward-leaning hosting and support service solutions.
Background in Microsoft Dynamics Customer Relationship Management, SharePoint, SQL, MIM, and other Microsoft technologies desired.
DevSecOps, SmartBear TestComplete (application administration and implementation within on/off-premise environments), data migration, and DoD OIG organizational knowledge are beneficial.
Facilitates customer engagements, requirements elicitation and decomposition, and their transition into production-ready products.
Collaborates with peer organizational entities, including Chief Information Officer personnel, enhancing operational support functions.
Ensures compliance with Business Capability Acquisition Cycle and Software Development Life-Cycle standards, supporting D-CATSe across sustainment, development, and to-be capability support activities.
Plans, directs, and coordinates IT projects to ensure established milestones are accomplished on time, within prescribed funding parameters, and in accordance with client business objectives.
Serves as Contracting Officer's Technical Representative for IT Support Service contracts; assists in developing contract requirements and specifications while monitoring compliance.
Candidate to operate within a cross-functional and high trust organization, where innovation and value-stream adherence is prioritized.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel 10% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
The incumbent must adhere to the DoD Standards of Conduct.
Ability to acquire and maintain an Information Assurance Technical (IAT) Level I certification to meet DoD Information Assurance Work Force requirements.
U.S. Citizenship or National
Suitable for Federal Employment
Registered for Selective Service (if applicable)
This national security position, which may require access to classified information, requires a favorable suitability review and security clearance as a condition of employment. Failure to maintain security eligibility may result in termination.
Position has been designated as Non-Critical Sensitive; incumbent is required to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
If you have not previously completed a probationary period with the Federal government in a similar position, you will be required to serve a two-year probationary period.
Incumbent is required to submit to urinalysis to screen for illegal drug use prior to appointment and is subject to random drug testing for the duration of service with DoD OIG.
Current DoD civilian employees are not required to submit to drug testing if moving from one Testing Designated Position (TDP) to another with no break in service, unless deemed appropriate on a case-by-case basis.
This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies within 90 calendar days of the initial issue date of the referral list.
Position(s) may be filled by displaced Department of Defense (DoD) employees through the Priority Placement Program.
All qualifications and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
Qualifications
To meet the basic requirements, you must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the next lower grade level.

GS-13
You must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the GS-12 grade level: Specialized Experience is defined as: Must have experience managing projects in the field of Information Technology. Must have knowledge in identifying and analyzing customer requirements, developing a business case, and conducting cost benefit analysis. Must have demonstrated experience developing, modifying, and implementing.

Volunteer Experience: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
Education is not substitutable for specialized experience for this grade level.
Additional information
Competitive wages, flexible schedules and one of the most comprehensive benefits packages found in either government or private sector. These extraordinary benefits encompass health, pay, work/life balance, growth & learning.
Moving expenses will not be paid.
Selections are subject to restrictions resulting from the DoD Program for Stability of Civilian Employment.
A two year probationary period may be required.
Telework availability will be based upon the mission requirements and supervisory determination.
We may use this announcement to fill additional vacancies within 90 days of the closing date.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or be exempt from Selective Service (see http://www.sss.gov)
Retired Civil Service Employee: Employment of retired Federal employees receiving an annuity is subject to the requirements of the Department of Defense (DoD) policy guidance. (See DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 300, at https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf.)
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): Applicants must be well-qualified, which is defined as meeting all of the minimum qualification standards and eligibility requirements as well as possessing skills that clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position established by the Best Qualified category definition.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Pay for first time hires to the Federal Government will typically be set at step 1 salary range for their respective grade level.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
IMPORTANT NOTE - YOU MUST FOLLOW ALL APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY. ERRORS OR OMISSIONS MAY AFFECT YOUR RATING.
Your resume and supporting documentation will be reviewed to determine if you meet the minimum qualification requirements for the position. Under the provisions of the Direct-Hire Authority (DHA), rating, ranking and veterans preference does not apply; therefore, your responses to the questionnaire will not be used to determine a scored rating. All applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements, as defined in the job opportunity announcement, will be referred for selection consideration. While veterans' preference does not apply in DHA, preference eligible are encouraged to submit their supporting documentation (DD-214 stating disposition of discharge or character of service, VA letter, SF-15, etc.)During further evaluation, you may be asked to provide additional information or participate in other methods of assessment, such as structured interviews. Individuals who are subject matter experts in the requirements of this position may participate in further evaluations. Your responses will be carefully reviewed and must be supported by factual information in your resume. Inflating or otherwise enhancing your qualifications and errors or omissions may result in lowering your self-rated level or loss of further consideration.
The Assessment Questionnaire takes approximately 15 minutes to complete and collects information on your education, training and experience related to the following critical competencies:

Communication
Contracting/Procurement
Information Technology Life Cycle Management
Information Technology Policy and Planning
Information Technology Program Management
Program Evaluation
Project Management
You can preview the Assessment Questionnaire here: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11140425

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
You must provide a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Resume: You are encouraged to choose only ONE method of submitting your resume. (HR will review the resume that the system date stamps as the latest one received and this may not be the resume, which best reflects your qualifications for the job and may result in an ineligible rating.) You may submit your resume by: attaching in your USAJOBS account. For assistance in preparing your resume, take a look at the DFAS Resume Tools.
2. Complete Assessment Questionnaire: Your resume must describe the quality of work in regards to responses to the occupational self-assessment questionnaire as they generate your numerical rating.
3. Other Supporting Documents.

The following supporting documents are ONLY required if applicable to your personal qualifications or status. They must be received by the closing date of the announcement or at the time of application if applying to an announcement with an extended closing date.

1. Transcripts and/or Certifications: All applicants to include current agency employees, must submit proof of education if the job announcement requires education to meet the basic qualification requirements, or if substituting education to meet the specialized experience requirements. Many applicants must also submit documentation for proof of meeting the basic education requirement. For additional information on acceptable documents, click here Transcripts and Certifications. All applicants to include current agency employees/contractors must also document your education and/or certifications in your resume. To be creditable, education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
2. Cover Letter: You may submit a cover letter which will be forwarded to the selecting official with your resume. Your cover letter will not be used to verify your qualifications or determine eligibility for preference.
3. ICTAP Eligibles: A copy of the RIF separation notice and SF-50 if available.

WARNING: Failure to submit a complete application package including any required documentation by 11:59 PM (EST) on 06/24/2021, or at the time of application for announcements with an extended closing date, may result in an ineligible rating and loss of consideration. To verify that your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select Application Status and More Information. The Details page will display the status of your application. It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered, uploaded, or faxed is received, legible and accurate. HR will not modify answers submitted by an applicant.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All US citizens. Applicants will not be rated or ranked. Veteran's Preference does NOT apply under the Direct Hire Authority (DHA)."	480	Washington
Administrative Assistant Support III	Capital One - US	McLean, VA	None	"Center 1 (19052), United States of America, McLean, Virginia
Administrative Assistant Support III
Capital One is looking for an exceptionally bright, multitasking, and self-motivated experienced Administrative Support Assistant III to support 4 to 6 executives in a fast-paced tech-savvy environment. You will partner with multiple executives to handle administrative tasks freeing up their time to focus on department and company goals. A quick thinker, your flexibility and adaptability are key to constantly changing demands and priorities. You are resourceful and autonomous when taking on new tasks and projects relying on problem-solving skills to make it all work! As the gatekeeper and extension of your executive leaders, you will frequently find yourself in the center of everything that happens on the team. You are extremely pivotal to the success of a well-run, efficient, productive and happy team.
In this role, you are a jack of all trades! Administrative Assistants perform an array of administrative functions critical to running an organization efficiently. You will strategically manage your executives’ complex schedules through prioritization and organization. You will handle travel arrangements, create expense reports, and disseminate information. Your communication will be personable while still getting your point across. As team ambassador, you are proficient in writing and proof-reading with impeccable grammar and composition.
Responsibilities:
Managing daily calendars for multiple executives, demonstrating flexibility and problem-solving abilities to adjust or prioritize schedules based on last-minute changes
Arrange and reserve conference rooms, catering, audio/video and other essential services as needed for meetings and conferences
Coordinate travel arrangements and create expense reports in a timely manner using Capital One systems
Drive key team activities and events (such as all-hands meeting, team meetings, conferences, ordering supplies and social events)
Prepare professional business communication documents including memos, letters, and emails
Build and maintain good business relationships with executives and administrative staff across the organizations
Participation in general administrative duties (copying and faxing), distributing mail, ad-hoc projects, committees and/or group events
Promote a fun and team-oriented work environment
At Capital One, you will find an environment that inspires a can-do-anything spirit with a multitude of supportive resources. Better still, you will find managers who encourage you to be your best in all areas of your life. If you are ready to create an administrative role that satisfies your professional goals while balancing your personal interests, then Capital One is eager to talk to you.
Basic Qualifications:
High School Diploma, GED or equivalent certification
At least 2 years of Administrative experience
At least 2 years of experience in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) or Google Suite
Preferred Qualifications:
Associates Degree
At least 5+ years of experience as an Executive Assistant or Administrative Assistant in a fast-paced environment
At least 3+ years of calendar management supporting multiple executives
At least 1+ year of meeting and event planning experience
Experience setting up video conference and Zoom/Skype technology for meeting user
Experience planning ahead and managing time effectively
Excellent written and verbal communications
Excellent organizational skills
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position."	480	Washington
Project Manager III	TeleSolv Consulting	Washington, DC	None	"Join the TeleSolv Consulting Team on our mission to provide quality and unparalleled service to our clients. We are a growing organization that provides a variety of professional and administrative services to public and private organizations with global operations. Our company is currently seeking a senior Project Manager in the Washington, DC metro area experienced leading information technology (IT) projects and implementations.

About TeleSolv:
Rated in the top 1000 business in 2019 by Inc.com. Since its founding in 2000, TeleSolv Consulting has been committed to helping organizations solve complex problems. Our solutions integrate sound management principles with the most appropriate technologies to assist senior executives in effectively managing programmatic, schedule, and technical risks.

Our Mission:
TeleSolv combines its profound insight into business processes with the capabilities and technologies of its distinguished alliance partners to support our clients in achieving optimal performance.

Our Values:
Quality: Provide outstanding service resulting in an excellent value to our clients.
Integrity: Uphold the highest standards of integrity in all of our actions.
Teamwork: Work collaboratively to meet client and our needs.
Respect: Value employees, encourage professional development and reward exceptional performance.
We offer excellent compensation, training, advancement opportunities, and exceptional benefits including PTO, sick leave, 10 paid federal holidays, medical, dental, vision, company paid life, short-term and long-term disability insurance, employee assistance program, matching 401(k) plan, and more.

Duties / Responsibilities:
This position requires a self-starter with proven leadership skills and a team mentality. Serve as Task Order Lead and be the single point of escalation to USCG COR and TeleSolv Leadership. Be responsible for a wide range of project management activities and deliverables and ensure the ultimate delivery of the upgrade IT services. Support Acquisition package development (e.g., SOW, SOO, PWS, SLA) and oversight.
Provide guidance and direction for multiple projects in implementing IT Service Delivery. The project manager will be required to perform project planning and activities with very little guidance.
Development of Requirements, Project Management, Scope, Schedule, Risk, Resource, Engineering, and Communication Plans, SELC Artifact Development, and Coordination and Communication across various Coast Guard offices.
Serve as single point of responsibility for directing all project tasks and deliverables, staff, subcontractors, and customer relationships.
Direct all activities, functions, and duties as outlined in the respective Call Statement of Work (SOW) and subsequent contract Modifications (as applicable).
Coordinate the onboarding, training, communication, and transition/coverage of all staff.
Facilitate vendor performance
Support customer meetings with logistics, notetaking, and action item capture
Communicate project status and results effectively to all leadership levels.
Balance competing priorities and manage time constraints and aggressive timelines.
Provide proactive risk mitigation strategies and understand when to elevate issues to project leadership.
Provide exceptional organizational skills to project work and project management.
Build professional client relationships through exceptional client service and deliverables.


Requirements
Seven (7) years of experience in managing projects, with a focus on business process, re-engineering, or IT projects. Preferably leading a voice or wireless IT project implementation.
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office Suite; proficiency in Microsoft Project and Visio preferred.
Experience using MS Project and/or other scheduling software.
Ability to conduct detailed research and analysis of technical data
Ability to read and interpret acquisition policy, regulations, and directive
Hands on experience managing multiple projects; demonstration of a clear understanding and application of project management methodologies and advanced project management concepts.
Excellent interpersonal, written, and oral communicator.
Must be a self-starter with the ability to work effectively independently and in team settings to include close collaboration with program managers.
Demonstrated situational awareness and professionalism for onsite client delivery.
Perform quality control on the project throughout development to maintain the standards expected.


Clearance Requirements:
Public trust


Educational Requirements:
Minimum Bachelor's degree
PMP or DHS PM certification


Experience / Skills Requirements:
Seven (7) years of experience in managing projects, with a focus on business process, re-engineering, or IT projects.
Direct project management of an IT implementation project (e.g., wireless, VoIP)
Superior writing and editing skills; specific abilities should include corporate communications, presentations, white papers, technical writing, and response writing.
Proficient in metrics tracking, performance reporting and analytics.
Proficient in the following Microsoft applications: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Outlook, and Teams.
Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing.
Ability to conduct detailed research and analysis of technical data.
Ability to read and interpret acquisition policy, regulations, and directives.


TeleSolv Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.

We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position(s); however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted."	480	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria, VA	Alexandria, VA 22304 (Seminary Hill area)	$101,757 - $184,411 a year	"Purchasing Agent

The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead.

An Overview
Alexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists.

The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division.

What You Should Bring
The ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City.

The Opportunity – Examples of Work
Directs work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;
Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;
Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;
Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;
Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;
Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;
Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;
Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;
Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;
Performs other duties, as assigned.

About The Department
The City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows:
The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;
The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;
The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;
The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;
The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;
The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; and
The Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis.

Minimum and Additional Requirements
At least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities.

Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment.

To Apply
For consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials.

Notes
This position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	480	Washington
Project Manager III	Peraton	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
Qualifications

Requires BA/BS with 10 years of experience with at least 4 years of management level responsibility. Incumbent has specialized knowledge in at least one area of expertise and a general knowledge in 1-2 other areas.
TS/SCI w/Polygraph
Responsibilities

Responsible for the performance of relatively small technical projects or a definable portion of a larger technical program in accordance with contract requirements and company policies, procedures and guidelines. Directs and supervises all support resources for the performance of project assignments and activities. Manages the technical direction of a project through the design, implementation, and testing in accordance with project objectives. Also responsible for acquiring follow-on business associated with assigned projects and for supporting new business development by leading relatively small proposals or assisting with major proposals. Responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provides a single point of contact for those projects. Takes projects from original concept through final implementation. Interfaces with all areas affected by the project including end users, computer services, and client services. Defines project scope and objectives. Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Conducts project meetings and is responsible for project tracking and analysis. Ensures adherence to quality standards and reviews project deliverables. Manages the integration of vendor tasks and tracks and reviews vendor deliverables. Provides technical and analytical guidance to project team. Recommends and takes action to direct the analysis and solutions of problems. May assist in the management of a business unit or department or is at an entry level in management of such under the close supervision of the Division or Program Director. Manages one or more programs. May supervise professional and technical personnel performing in their regular disciplines. May participate in the development and execution of budgets, sales and marketing plans and other strategic tools. Participates in driving initiatives for achieving established objectives. May serve as the primary or assistant technical and management interface for the company, customer, and senior staff. Provides management services including general administrative oversight, time accounting. financial tracking, cost projection, inventory management, personnel evaluation and support. Responsible for the preparation of and accountability for all contract deliverables. Responsible for assisting in the technical leadership and direction to a multidisciplinary staff. Develop and operate a variety of technical systems related to the specific job function. Specify systems requirements and insure that completed systems meet requirements. Support data acquisition process control. Prepares and approves Standard Operating Procedures, Protocols and other technical documentation. Able to supervise, manage, support and evaluate personnel."	480	Washington
Product Manager - Tech III	Discovery	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Discovery hires the very best and brightest talent who are enthusiastic and passionate to fulfill the company’s mission of empowering people to explore their world and satisfy their curiosity.
In exchange for their talent and drive, employees are provided with an engaging, diverse workplace and the resources they need to learn, thrive and grow in their careers.
Job Summary
Our Team
Discovery hires the very best and brightest talent who are enthusiastic and passionate to fulfill the company’s mission of empowering people to explore their world and satisfy their curiosity. In exchange for their talent and drive, employees are provided with an engaging, diverse workplace and the resources they need to learn, thrive and grow in their careers.
About Discovery Direct-to-Consumer
Discovery's Digital group is a well-funded start-up within Discovery, Inc. We are fast, nimble, and have fun developing new, innovative, and immersive digital products and content for iconic brands. We are working at the crossroads of technology, entertainment, and everyday utility. As content creators across the digital ecosystem, we continuously leverage our technology to create immersive viewing and interactive experiences.
We tell engaging stories to millions of viewers across the Internet every day and bring new interactive experiences to life to not only entertain but improve the lives of our customers. Most recently, our group is behind the launch of Discovery+, Discovery’s global streaming service, serving as the definitive destination for real life entertainment with the largest ever content offering at launch, which debuted in the U.S. on January 4, 2021.
About the Role
The Product Owner oversees product planning, execution, roll-out, and maintenance for a variety of Content Systems’ applications and services to support the direct to consumer initiatives. This includes creating and prioritizing product and business requirements, defining the product roadmap, and working closely with business and technology teams to satisfy the product’s users. The product owner plays the primary role in defining features and requirements. He/she will determine and prioritize product enhancements to meet Discovery’s changing needs and adapt to current technology. The product owner must have strong analytical skills, be an excellent communicator and negotiator, and be able to work towards high-level goals with minimal oversight. The Product Owner must understand business objectives and build compelling products that meet them. He/she must be a strong team player who can build consensus within a cross-functional team while keeping everyone on task and on-schedule. The product owner must be both a listener and a negotiator, hearing the needs of business stakeholders while advocating for the product. This will require him/her to effectively collaborate across disciplines in a matrixed and geographically diverse team.
The group’s focus is on enterprise application development using state of the art front end development tools and database technology. We follow an agile software development lifecycle methodology.
In addition to the direct to consumer products, we support all major revenue generating areas within Discovery including US and international linear television networks spanning dozens of countries and languages.
ResponsibilitiesCreate materials to guide the work of the team (user stories, business process flows, use cases, usability specifications, prototypes, code samples, etc.)Develop and maintain a thorough understanding of business processesDevelop and maintain effective working relationships with business customersWork with business partners to gather process, functional, and data requirementsFacilitate communication throughout the product development process between a variety of internal business and technology teamsMaintain product backlog and prioritized roadmap for assigned productsAct as a product evangelist within Discovery, making users aware of new features and benefitsMentor other team members and support efforts to cross-train staff to ensure proper redundancy and growth opportunitiesManage systems analysts and review their output to ensure the quality and accuracy of analysis findings and business and system documentationAssist in coordinating the implementation of new system functionality into productionProvide functional, business, and system expertise for IT projects and business systems supportCollaborate with media operations team leads to transform business process and workflows to maximize efficiency and speed to market of contentAssist analysts and production support team with analysis of production issues including problem identification, definition and implementation of short-term work around, and coordination of long- term software solution with development teamProvide project management support for software releases, vendor evaluations, and assessment of business requestsProvide functional, business, and system expertise for IT projects and business systems supportProvide feedback for process improvements to help improve team effectiveness and efficiencyWork with the development teams to maintain product documentation to provide easier knowledge transfer and cross-team project visibilityProvide management with ongoing updates on team progress, velocity, and capacity, including initial project sizing, potential release scoping, and project completion projectionsPerform other duties as assigned
RequirementsBachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Business Administration, or equivalent degree/work experienceMinimum of 8 years of experience in the IT industry, with 4+ years of business, systems analysis, and/or quality assuranceStrong preference for experience in one or more of the following; digital or broadcast media industry, video production, content management, content localization and multi-language content workflowsAbility to work on multiple projects at one time and to ensure that overall priorities are being metExcellent problem solving and analytical skillsAbility to quickly learn key concepts and apply concepts when identifying solutionsAbility to develop and execute simple SQL queries to produce ad-hoc reports and analyze business dataStrong communication, critical thinking and analytical capabilitiesStrong proficiencies in MS Visio, PowerPoint, Word, Excel and general design and project management disciplinesWillingness to accept varying levels of responsibility in support of projects and initiativesPossesses understanding in the areas of application programming, database and system designWillingness to work weekends in support of software releasesStrong attention to detail and a high-degree of follow-throughA love of working closely with others to empower them to excelCuriosity and a willingness to learnMust have legal right to work in the United States
Discovery Communications, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Discovery is committed to being an employer of choice, not just a good place to work, but a great and inclusive place to work. To that end, we strive to recruit and maintain a workforce that meaningfully represents the diverse and culturally rich communities that we serve. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disabled status or, genetic information.
We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including but not limited to all local Fair Chance Ordinances.
EEO is the Law
Pay Transparency Policy Statement
California Job Applicant Privacy Policy
If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application process, please send an email request to HR@discovery.com."	480	Washington
Senior Health Specialist	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12296

Organization: World Bank

Sector: Health/Nutrition/Population

Grade: GG

Term Duration: 4 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 6/25/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. For more information, www.worldbank.org

GLOBAL: Health, Nutrition and Population (HNP) Global Practice Context:

The central contribution of the HNP Global Practice to the World Bank’s twin goals is to enable the achievement of Universal Health Coverage (UHC), in which all people are effectively covered by essential health services, and nobody suffers undue financial hardship because of illnesses. The HNP Global Practice includes staff members in Washington, DC and many country offices. The HNP Global Practice works with and across multiple sectors, in recognition of the fact that HNP outcomes often depend on actions that lie outside the HNP sector. The HNP Global Practice supports country and regional efforts to: (i) improve health outcomes, especially for the poor and most vulnerable; (ii) expand access to high-quality HNP services, interventions and technologies that give the most value for money; (iii) strengthen health systems for results; (iv) establish and improve health financing mechanisms that promote efficiency, equity and sustainability of investments; (v) strengthen heath-relevant institutions within and outside the health sector; (vi) harness multisectoral policies and investments for better health outcomes; and (vii) develop and learn from rigorous impact evaluations.
https://worldbankgroup.sharepoint.com/sites/health/pages/home.aspx
Regional context: SOUTH ASIA:

The South Asia Region (SAR) has the largest concentration of poor people of any region, home to 2 billion people with over 1 billion living under $2/day. It has had high growth of 6 percent average annual rate in the last 20 years, despite its poverty, conflict, and instability. The WBG is and will continue to be a key development partner in South Asia. The South Asia Region (SAR) strategy is based on three pillars which are promoting growth, enhancing social inclusion, and strengthening climate/environment.

The South Asia Region:
https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/sar

Unit Context: SOUTH ASIA HEALTH (HSAHN):

South Asia has been the fastest-growing region in the world in recent years. This has led to impressive declines in poverty and to improvements in key HNP outcomes such as life expectancy and under-five mortality rates; with the right facilitative policies in place, most countries in the region are poised to reap a potential demographic dividend. Nevertheless, key challenges remain and new ones are emergent across the region: inequalities remain large and persistent, malnutrition remains a huge problem, financing for health remains largely out-of-pocket, and health systems are ill-equipped to face a growing burden from non-communicable diseases and from new risk factors related to urbanization and air pollution.

The Bank has an active and growing portfolio in the region, with lending operations, technical assistance, and analytical work focusing on improving health financing, service delivery, and governance both from within the sector and via support for multi-sectoral engagement. The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted South Asia's major weaknesses in public health, including disease surveillance and diagnostics, as well as in health service delivery in terms of quality of care and surge capacity.

HNP has mobilized to assist all 8 countries in South Asia (including all HSAHN’s countries: Afghanistan, India, Sri Lanka, and Maldives) with its initial COVID-19 emergency response and essential systems strengthening. It is working now to help governments' shape their COVID-19 vaccine procurement and deployment strategies as an important next phase to the pandemic response.

The HSAHN team includes around 26 staff based in SAR countries and Washington DC. To strengthen the team, the WBG is recruiting a Senior Health Specialist based in Washington DC. The Senior Health Specialist will support the World Bank’s HNP portfolio, including the ongoing policy dialogue with Government counterparts and partners, preparation of analytical products, and the preparation and supervision of operations in the sector, as well as engagement on the broader human capital agenda,.
http://sarhnp.worldbank.org/
This vacancy is for a highly motivated individual to join the HSAHN Washington DC-based HNP team as a Senior Health Specialist in South Asia.

Duties & Responsibilities:

The Senior Health Specialist will report to the HSAHN Practice manager in Washington DC and will be responsible for the following tasks and duties in the South Asia Region, and potentially other regions as well:

Lead HNP and/or Human Capital-related operations under preparation or implementation as required, as well as contribute to the preparation and implementation support of such lending operations.

Lead and/or contribute to policy dialogue with government counterparts - including at the national and sub-national levels - and with other relevant stakeholders.

Lead and/or contribute to high-quality analytical and advisory services tasks related to different aspects of health sector performance, demographic changes, human capital including issues of adolescent girls’ and women’s empowerment, household survey data analytics, and related topics in the South Asian context.

Help the team with building and maintaining partnerships and networks within the Bank (in HNP as well as other sectors) and with external development partners and think-tanks.

Contribute to analytical and advisory services tasks related to health systems strengthening, addressing public health challenges, linking health to broader human development topics, and/or related topics in the South Asia context.

Support the monitoring and evaluation of projects, and reporting and coordination relationships with development partners.

Participate in and contribute to technical assistance work to support relevant capacity-building activities including workshops, seminars, etc.

Respond to ad hoc information requests from internal and external parties.

Selection Criteria
Graduate degree in public health, demographics, health economics, health policy, epidemiology, health system administration or professional degree (medicine, nursing) (Master’s degree required, PhD or equivalent would be an asset). Candidates without a core qualification in at least one of these domains need not apply.
Minimum of 8 years of relevant professional experience and prior experience with planning implementation, monitoring and evaluation of health, health system strengthening, health financing, or health service delivery projects is required.
Significant experience working on cross-sectoral issues, in particular human capital and/or women and girls’ empowerment, is an advantage.
Experience working in LICS or MICS, in South Asia, and/or in an international development institution is an advantage.
Demonstrated ability to think strategically, rapidly analyze diverse information from varied sources, prepare documents on complex subjects, speak and write persuasively, and present ideas clearly and concisely.
A proven track record of high standards/accountability for work products, meeting deadlines, an ability to prioritize tasks within his/her work program and strategies for working collectively with others on the team to deliver products of the highest caliber.
Demonstrated ability for teamwork in a multicultural environment.
Experience working on WBG funded projects and familiarity with WBG operations, policies, and procedures is an advantage.
Excellent oral and written communications skills is essential with ability to prepare documents on complex subjects, speak and write persuasively, and present ideas clearly and concisely.

In addition to the above, the successful candidate is expected to demonstrate the following WBG competencies:

Competencies

Integrative Skills - Understands core issues and knows where to get additional expertise when needed. Task team member in integrative products and provides analytical written inputs.
Knowledge and Experience in Development Arena - Understands policy making process and role of the health sector in that process. Is able to find relevant information and examine similar policy questions in multiple regions and to distill operationally relevant recommendations and lessons from this analysis for clients.
Policy Dialogue Skills - Identifies and assesses policy issues and communicates findings/points of view verbally and through economic reports and papers. Plays an active role in the dialogue with the government and/or other stakeholders as part of Bank teams.
Lead and Innovate: Encourages and works with others to identify and implement relevant solutions. Identifies opportunities in changing circumstances and energizes others to continuously improve, using intentional strategies to boost morale, team spirit, and productivity in context of WBG's values and mission. Helps others to understand problems, client needs and the underlying context. Ability to adapt to changing circumstances.
Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries: Collaborates across organizational boundaries, internally and externally with a sense of mutuality and respect. Consistently engages others in open dialogue, brings out any conflicting viewpoints and incorporates viewpoints into solutions, giving credit where credit is due. Leverages expertise of all team members to ensure successful outcomes. Shows leadership in ensuring the team stays organized and focused, and actively seeks and considers diverse ideas and approaches.
Create, Apply and Share Knowledge: Ensures systematic sharing of good practice and learning from lessons from across WBG, clients, and partners. Is known across WBG in their subject area and is sought out by WBG colleagues to advise, peer review, or contribute to knowledge products of others. Seeks mentoring opportunities with more experienced staff to deepen or strengthen their professional knowledge and mentors junior staff. Leads in the sharing of best practice, knowledge and lessons learned across units and with clients and partners, articulating ideas verbally and in writing in a clear and compelling way across audiences of varied levels.
Make Smart Decisions: Applies critical thinking and seeks inputs and experience from others to recommend a course of action consistent with the WBG's strategy. Evaluates risk and anticipates the short and long term implications of decisions.
Client Orientation - Maintains client relationships in the face of conflicting demands or directions and provides evidence-based advice and solutions based on sound diagnosis and knowledge.
Drive for Results - Identifies the needed resources to accomplish results involving multiple stakeholders and finds solutions to obstacles affecting key deliverables.
Teamwork (Collaboration) and Inclusion - Shows leadership in ensuring the team stays organized and focused, and actively seeks and considers diverse ideas and approaches.
Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	480	Washington
Relationship Manager III - Wealth Management	PNC Financial Services Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"Job Profile

Position Overview

At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. As a Relationship Strategist within PNC's Asset Management organization, you will be based in our Washington, DC office.

It will be expected that the Relationship Strategist candidate have experience and expertise working with ultra-high-net-worth clients.

Job Description

Leads or supports client management activities with clients and prospective clients. Responsible for the development and execution of a relationship management plan to acquire and retain clients. Is accountable for ongoing exceptional client experience. Has a book of business that typically consists of larger and/or more complex client relationships.
Coordinates with team to determine action plan through thorough discovery of client needs to deliver an exceptional client experience. Consistently reviews needs assessment with clients to determine changes. Has working knowledge of all business segment capabilities and offerings. Ensures a strong client commitment and advocacy by delivering proactive and responsive service to meet client goals. Holds team accountable for deliverables.
Held accountable for the growth of their book of business through client expansion and new client acquisition. Develops and executes strategies for proactively sourcing new relationships for the bank. Owns communication and contact with existing clients to ensure expansion opportunities are captured. Consistently seeks ways to expand his/her external network for business development.
Manages risk through appropriate client selection and ensures that our service delivery is consistent with the fees being charged. Works with risk partners to escalate client concerns to bring about quick resolution. Has well developed knowledge of partner offerings to make business-appropriate introductions. Is accountable to partners for follow up and client communication after initial introduction.
Maintains timely, accurate and complete sales/client relationship management administration tasks as determined by the business. Ensures the execution of team processes, such as pre-call planning, post-call debriefs and relationship reviews.

PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be:
Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.
Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework.

Competencies

Customer Experience Management. – Implements the strategies and techniques used to ensure that customers have a positive experience with the organization and its products and services at every touch point.

Customer Service Management – Knowledge of and ability to utilize tools and techniques for maintaining an environment where all understand, and are committed to, providing excellent service to internal and external customers.

Decision Making and Critical Thinking – Understanding of the issues related to the decision-making process; ability to analyze situations fully and accurately, and reach productive decisions.

Effective Communications – Understanding of effective communication concepts, tools and techniques; ability to effectively transmit, receive, and accurately interpret ideas, information, and needs through the application of appropriate communication behaviors.

Influencing – Knowledge of effective influencing tactics and strategies; ability to impact decisions within and outside own organization.

Managing Multiple Priorities – Ability to manage multiple concurrent objectives, projects, groups, or activities, making effective judgments as to prioritizing and time allocation.

Products and Services – Knowledge of major products and services and product and service groups; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations.

Selling. – Applies knowledge of banking products and services to meet customer needs and enable them to achieve their financial goals. Identifies prospecting approaches to identify potential customers and create opportunities to sell financial solutions and ideas to customers.

Understanding Customer Needs – Knowledge of and the ability to recognize and be sensitive to the different perspectives and priorities of different customers.

Value Selling – Knowledge of the principles and practices for selling products, technology and services; ability to provide overall product/service 'value' and differentiating support offerings that address clearly understood customer needs.

Work Experience

Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 5+ years of industry-relevant experience. Specific certifications are often required. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered.

Education

Bachelors

Additional Job Description

Benefits
PNC offers employees a comprehensive range of benefits to help meet your needs now and in the future. Depending on your eligibility, options for full-time employees include medical/prescription drug coverage (with a Health Savings Account feature); dental and vision options; employee and spouse/child life insurance; short- and long-term disability protection; maternity and parental leave; paid holidays, vacation days and occasional absence time; 401(k), pension and stock purchase plans; dependent care reimbursement account; back-up child/elder care; adoption assistance; educational assistance and a robust wellness program with financial incentives. To learn more about these and other programs, including benefits for part-time employees, visit pncbenefits.com > New to PNC .

Disability Accommodations Statement:
The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com.

The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):
PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

California Residents

Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices."	480	Washington
Project Manager Level III	InTec, LLC	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	None	"Overview:

The DHS Science and Technology (S&T) Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) requires professional technical support services to assist its various organizations, missions, functions, and objectives enabling DHS S&T to facilitate research and development, test and evaluation, and scientific knowledge and technological transfers to the DHS Operational Components. DHS S&T requires this support to maintain and evolve its organization. These services will support the following functions within DHS S&T: strategic planning and performance management, budget formulation, budget execution, policy and procedure development, financial management, procurement management, administrative support, human capital management, physical, personnel and information security management, real and personal property management (to include fleet), facilities management, records management, mail management, subscriptions, occupational safety and health, environmental and energy management, environmental planning and historic management communications planning, conference/event planning, travel management, network, systems and applications engineering, information assurance, IT governance, operations, and maintenance.
Responsibilities:
Serves as the project manager for a large, complex task order (or a group of task orders affecting the same common/standard/migration system) and shall assist the Program Manager in working with the Government Contracting Officer (CO), the task order-level Task Managers (TM), Government management personnel and customer agency representatives.
Under the guidance of the Program Manager, responsible for the overall management of the specific task order(s) and ensuring that the technical solutions and
schedules in the task order are implemented in a timely manner.
Performs enterprise wide horizontal integration planning and interfaces to other functional systems, including the development of conceptual systems requirements; systems integration requirements; systems phasing plan; business application consultation; problem tracking/management; and preparation and delivery of presentations.

Qualifications:
Project Management Professional (PMP);
15+ years performing project management support services in a supervisory and/or leadership role.
 InTec, LLC is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in Northern Virginia. Our mission is to provide high quality, cost effective solutions that will provide long term value to our customers and the Nation. InTec Management believes our employees’ welfare is paramount to good business and so provides a compensation and benefits package which reflects our corporate policy and befits our seasoned professionals. InTec is an Equal Opportunity Employer"	480	Washington
Manager III (Compliance Manager), Grade M3	Montgomery County Government	Rockville, MD	$79,196 - $144,751 a year	"Montgomery County Employee Retirement Plans is seeking a Compliance Manager ( Manager III ) who will be supervising the activities related to complex investment performance analysis, including the oversight of performance reporting for the Employees' Retirement System and the Consolidated Retiree Health Benefits Trust (CRHBT).
Primary functions of this position include but are not limited to:
The position will be the subject matter expert for performance measurement related activities and will work closely with the MCERP senior investment professionals in developing analytical and business processes.
Oversee the preparation of the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (audit of the retirement plans), payment of all expenses, preparation of the annual budget and quarterly compliance, and the compliance program for the retirement plans and the Consolidated Retiree Health Benefits Trust.
Recommend changes to policies related to the operations and investment programs for the retirement plans and the CRHBT.
Conduct operational due diligence on all ERS investment managers.
Analyze processes/procedures to determine if they are industry standard, and if not, establishing guidelines to monitor those processes/procedures that fall below industry standards.
Assist in the development and maintenance of the Risk Management Program and Risk Budgeting System, including; updating capital market assumptions; updating allocations to managers and markets; and running reports to assess contribution to total risk, environmental biases, etc.
Monthly reconciliation of ERS & RHBT cash accounts, preparation of the department's annual operating budget by providing guidance to staff on the budget process, ensuring timely completion of all required financial/budgetary reports and support documentation.
Supervise the work of two accounting professionals related to: preparation of the compliance with the ERS securities lending program participation and guidelines;
Analyze and research complex accounting/financial issues and prepare written/oral reports addressing issues related to pension plans.
 A criminal background and credit history check will be conducted on the selected candidate prior to appointment and will be a significant factor in the hiring decision.
Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to special.accommodations@montgomerycountymd.gov Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience: Five (5) years of progressively responsible professional experience in Finance, Accounting or Business Management.
Education: Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor's Degree
Equivalency: An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted.
Preferred Criteria
The applications of those individuals meeting the minimum qualifications will be reviewed to determine the extent, relevancy of training, and experience in the following areas:
 Investment management business including familiarity with the related investment terminology;
Managing complex accounting and reporting operations and systems;
Applying analytical techniques to conduct studies, analyze findings, and make recommendations concerning effectiveness, efficiency, and productivity of projects/programs that are being audited/monitored.
Minimum Salary 79196 Maximum Salary 144751 Currency USD"	480	Washington
Project Manager III	Chenega Corporation	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"Overview:

Come join a company that strives for Extraordinary People and Exceptional Performance! Chenega Enterprise Systems and Solutions, LLC., a Chenega Professional Services’ company, is looking for a Project Manager to lead company efforts with the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) for Information Technology (IT) & Expert Consultation Support Services.
This role will perform project management functions for special projects and initiatives relevant to ensuring the operational readiness of an IT enterprise. The PM will ensure all projects are delivered in adherence to project scope, schedules, and budget. The PM is responsible for exercising leadership, maintaining high morale, and directing the performance of all personnel assigned to the PM’s Team.
Responsibilities:

What you will be doing:
Ensure all projects are delivered in adherence to project scope, schedules, and budget.
Responsible for exercising leadership, maintaining high morale, and directing the performance of all personnel assigned to the PM’s Team.
Communicate with the Contracting Officer Representative (COR), Government Technical Monitors (GTM), Chenega Supervisors and Team Members frequently regarding the overall performance and status of all projects.
Responsible for day-to-day activities and performance monitoring
Performs in compliance with internal business and DEA standards, policies, and procedures
Holds staff accountable to performance standards
Hiring manager for project team in the event of attrition
Applies Agile project management best practices
Other duties as assigned
Qualifications:

What is required:
Bachelor’s Degree
Minimum of 5 years relevant work experience
Active Secret clearance"	480	Washington
Property Manager III	WinnCompanies	Washington, DC	None	"Property Manager III
Washington, DC, USA Req #8120
 Wednesday, June 16, 2021
Market. Manage. Maintain. These are just a few of the many hats you’ll be wearing in this highly visible role of Property Manager at WinnCompanies! You will oversee all operational aspects of a 255-unit Section 8 community located in Washington, DC. You will be responsible for maintaining the community, supporting its residents, and developing team members all while meeting financial objectives of the owner and management company.
Responsibilities
Maintain optimum level of occupancy through wait list management and proactive marketing
Process timely and accurate move-ins, move-outs, and recertifications
Supervise and assist Assistant Property Manager or Occupancy Specialist with annual and interim recertification 50059s and TICs in compliance with WinnCompanies guidelines, local, state, and federal regulations.
Approve rental applications for multiple programs following property and agency standards
Maintain compliance with all state and federal program regulations relating to the property
Prepare or oversee preparation for audits and inspections
Ensure property compliance by maintaining the compliance percentage for Project Based Section 8, Low Income Housing Tax Credit, and any other applicable programs
Ensure the accuracy of HAP requests and TRACS files
Work with the WinnCompanies compliance department to investigate/resolve TRACS errors
Review monthly and quarterly EIV reports and address discrepancies
Manage marketing according to the Affirmative Fair Housing Marketing Plan and update as necessary
Complete the annual utility analysis for submission with the Rent Schedule to HUD
Ensure the property and grounds are well maintained
Complete annual or periodic unit inspections and monthly building inspections
Resolve resident issues and conflicts in a timely manner and in accordance with site guidelines
Complete the annual owner’s certifications required for the affordable programs
Complete the monthly bond compliance reports and any other periodic reports required by the property’s programs
Collaborate with management or ownership to complete the IRS form 8703
Requirements
High School Diploma or GED
1-3 years of property management experience
1-3 years of supervisory experience
Excellent customer service skills
Minimum of 1 year of related experience with HUD Project Based Section 8
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and experience with property management software (OneSite, etc.)
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree
OneSite Property Management software experience
Experience administering Affordable Programs such as Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC), Tax Exempt Bond, HOME, HPTF, or other state or local programs that may assist with the layered affordability at this community
Certifications in HUD property management such as: CPO, COS, NAHP. LIHTC property management such as: SHCM, TCS, C3P, HCCP, NAHP.
What We Can Offer You
Great Benefits: We offer benefits including health & dental plan options, generous time off and paid holidays, 401(k) and education reimbursement opportunities that’s best for you and your family.
A job you can brag about: WinnCompanies is a nationally recognized leader in property management and development. Our team members are committed to helping people in the communities we serve.
A job that challenges you: Our team members are responsible for our growth and success, and we challenge them to constantly be their best in our fast-paced workplace.
A job you can learn from: We reward our team’s passion and hard work with consistent learning and development opportunities.
A team that cares: We value teamwork, innovation and mutual respect.
About Us
With 3,700 team members working across 600+ locations in 23 states and D.C., WinnCompanies is the #1 manager of affordable housing and a leader in developing and managing mixed-use properties, market rate properties and military housing.
Operations, sales, compliance, maintenance, marketing, IT, HR, accounting and finance. No matter your passion, your work at Winn will impact people who are more than just residents to us. They’re individuals, families and heroes.
Watch this short video for a sneak peek at what it’s like to work at WinnCompanies.
Other details
Job Family Property Operations"	480	Washington
Manager III (Behavioral Health and Crisis Services, Local Behavioral Health Authority), Grade M3	Montgomery County Government	Rockville, MD	$79,196 - $144,751 a year	"Montgomery County is located adjacent to Washington, DC and with over one million residents, is the most populous County in the State of Maryland. The County is also the most diverse County in the State and ranks among the top ten most diverse County’s in the nation. Montgomery County contains many major U.S. government offices, scientific research and learning centers, and business campuses.
The Department of Health and Human Services is responsible for delivery of the County’s public health and human services that the needs of our community’s most vulnerable children, adults and seniors. The Department provides services through more than 120 programs at more than 20 locations. With 1,750 employees, the Department of Health and Human Services is the largest County Department.
As a Department, we believe health and wellness of the county can only be achieved by ensuring that every resident has fair opportunities to reach their fullest potential. This means access to quality housing, transportation, education, employment, health care, human services, safe neighborhoods and healthy food. HHS’ provides critical services for residents who face a variety of obstacles in achieving their full potential. HHS plays an essential role in building a healthy and strong community.
If you are interested in working for the Montgomery County Department of Health and Human Services, we invite qualified candidates to apply for our Manager, Local Behavioral Health Authority position.

About the Position:

This position is located in the Department’s Behavioral Health and Crisis Services (BHCS), Local Behavioral Health Authority (LBHA). The LBHA is the local behavioral health, (mental health and substance abuse) authority in the County. The LBHA strives to ensure that behavioral health consumers have access to quality treatment and rehabilitation services. They provide for the planning, oversight, monitoring, evaluation and service development of the Public Mental Health System which consists of community-based services in Montgomery County. Although the LBHA does not provide direct services, they do monitor and plan for current and future behavioral health services in Montgomery County across the life span.

The Local Behavioral Health Authority Manager will be responsible for:
 Management of Behavioral Health Planning and Management Local Behavioral Health Authority operations unit. The (4) Program Manager IIs and Supervisory Therapists within the operations unit will report directly to the M3: (1) Quality Assurance/Compliance PMII; (2) Adult Services PMII; (3) Child and Adolescent Services PMII; 4) Prevention Program PMII; 5) Office Services Coordinator 6) Special Projects Supervisory Therapist
 Management of the deliverables under the Memorandum of Understanding with the State of Maryland Behavioral Health Administration for the Montgomery County Local Behavioral Health Authority, including assessing and planning for behavioral health services needs, developing measurable outcomes and activities, cooperation and collaboration with the Administrative Services Organization, oversight of public and consumer education and information, reducing Emergency Department use, complaint resolution and monitoring COMAR compliance of local providers.
 Management of the development and implementation of the annual Local Behavioral Health Authority Program Plan to ensure that established goals and priorities are implemented and met.
 Direct collaboration and planning with the State Behavioral Health Administration for public behavioral health system related issues
 Management of program issues related to contracts via regular collaboration with Behavioral Health Planning and Management Contracts Manager III.
 Attendance and participation in meetings at the State level and meetings of the Maryland Association of Behavioral Health Authorities

As a manager/supervisor of unionized employees, this position has a responsibility for fostering a positive labor relations environment based on mutual trust, respect, and cooperation.

This manager will need to operate a motor vehicle to travel to multiple locations throughout the County to attend meetings, for community engagement, and program outreach efforts. The selected candidate will be required to successfully complete a pre-employment medical history review and a criminal background check.

Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to OHR@montgomerycountymd.gov . Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience: Five (5) years of progressively responsible professional experience in a public behavioral health system with program management and oversight.
Education: Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s Degree.
Equivalency: An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted. Note: Based upon legislative requirements, some positions may be subject to different minimum qualifications.
License : Possession of a valid Class ""C"" (or equivalent) driver’s license from the applicant's state of residence when required for job-related duties.

Preferred Criteria
There is no Preferred Criteria. All applicants will be reviewed by OHR for minimum qualifications. Those applicants who meet minimum qualifications will be rated Qualified, placed on the Eligible List, and may be considered for an interview.

Preference for interviews will be given to applicants with experience in the following:
 Possession of an independent licensure in Maryland Social Work, such us Professional Counseling, Psychiatric Nursing
 Experience managing the operations of a local core service agency or local behavioral health authority
 Experience managing a governmental unit that has direct contact with and deliverables from the State Behavioral Health Administration
 Experience developing and maintaining partnerships and relationships with upper level management of State governmental or contracted agencies to include the Office of Health Care Quality, Behavioral Health Administration and Beacon Health Options
 Experience developing and maintaining partnership and relationship with CEOs and Directors within the local behavioral health provider network
 Knowledge of the Code of Maryland Regulations pertaining to Community Based Behavioral Health Programs and Services
 Experience supervising staff
 Experience managing a behavioral health treatment program
Minimum Salary 79196 Maximum Salary 144751 Currency USD"	480	Washington
Program Specialist (Children in Adversity)	US U.S. Agency for International Development	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
We encourage you to read the entire announcement before you submit your application package. Your application may not receive full consideration if you do not follow the instructions as outlined.

This position is located in the Washington, DC Commuting Area within the Bureau for Development, Democracy, and Innovation's, Inclusive Development Hub (DDI/ID) at U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).

Responsibilities
As a Program Specialist, your duties will include the following:

Working with interdisciplinary teams to deliver guidance, advice, tools, and resources to help teams succeed in addressing the needs of children in adversity in developing countries.
Managing technical activities that provide discrete, short-term support efficiently and cost-effectively and enable locally-driven solutions to advance protection and care for children in adversity.
Coordinating on critical interdisciplinary issues and emerging technical priorities and technical policy development and engagement with the U.S. Congress, the interagency, and a broad range of stakeholders to implement policies and initiatives that invest in the development, care, dignity, and safety of the world’s most vulnerable children and their families.
Actively engaging in stakeholder consultations as necessary to incorporate the latest and most contextually appropriate thinking and knowledge into agency approaches to advance the objectives of building strong beginnings, putting families first, and protecting children from violence.
Working to improve and increase technical knowledge, skills, and abilities of staff throughout the Agency to address the needs of children in adversity in developing countries.
Generating, aggregating, and disseminating information on current trends and best practices of efforts that align with USAID’s guiding principles of its work to support children in adversity.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Travel may vary depending on the needs of each individual bureau or office, but will not exceed 25% of the incumbent's time.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14 - This position is at the full performance level.
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Development Specialists
Specialists, Development
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
United States Citizenship is required.
Relevant experience (see Qualifications below).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service.
Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer is required.
You will be required to serve a one-year probationary period.
Note: Your answers to the assessment questionnaire must be supported in your resume.
Qualifications
GS-14-You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position includes: a) working on issues related to Children in Adversity, including early childhood development, promoting family care for children, deinstitutionalization, preventing and responding to violence against children, and child protection; b) developing programs and policies to address the needs of Children in Adversity, including integrating activities that address the needs of children in adversity into multi-sectoral programs; and c) communicating the needs of Children in Adversity to internal and external stakeholders.

SCREEN OUT QUESTION: This position requires a selective factor in addition to the qualification requirements noted above. Your resume must demonstrate experience in experience working in an organization that focuses on Children in Adversity in developing countries, and in leading related projects and programs.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, relevant to the duties of the position to be filled, including volunteer experience.

CTAP/ICTAP candidates will be referred to the selecting official if they are found well qualified. Well-qualified means an eligible employee who possesses the knowledge, skills, and abilities which clearly exceed the minimum requirements of the position. A well-qualified employee must meet the qualification and eligibility requirements of the position, including any medical qualifications, suitability, and minimum education and experience requirements, meet all selective factors (where applicable); meet quality ranking factors and are assigned a score of 85 or higher; be physically qualified with reasonable accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position; meet any special qualifying U.S. OPM-approved conditions; AND be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry without additional training.

A well-qualified candidate will not necessarily meet the definition of highly or best qualified when evaluated against other candidates who apply for a particular position. In the absence of selective and quality ranking factors, selecting officials will document the job-related reason(s) for qualification determinations.
Education
This position does not have a positive education requirement. Therefore, no transcripts are required.
Additional information
USAID is an independent Federal Government agency that receives overall foreign policy guidance from the Secretary of State. With headquarters in the District of Columbia, we operate in more than 100 countries around the world, playing an active and critical role in the promotion of U.S. foreign policy interests. When crisis strikes; when rights are repressed; when hunger, disease and poverty rob people of opportunity; USAID acts on behalf of the American people to help expand the reach of prosperity and dignity to the world's most vulnerable people. USAID employees and contractors must commit to maintaining a workplace free of sexual misconduct, including harassment, exploitation, and abuse and adhere to USAID's Counter-Trafficking in Persons Code of Conduct. For information on the effort to counter all forms of human trafficking, including the procurement of commercial sex acts and the use of forced labor, visit http://www.state.gov/g/tip. For more information about USAID, visit http://www.usaid.gov.

If an HR Specialist determines that you are among the best-qualified applicants for these positions, your application will be shared with multiple hiring managers for consideration. By submitting your application to this advertisement, you agree to have your application shared for similar positions within USAID.

These are Testing Designated Positions (TDP’s) under the Agency’s approved Drug-Free Work Place Program. All applicants selected for this position will be subject to random drug testing once they begin working for the Agency.

Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer is required.

Moving and relocation expenses are not authorized.

Mythbuster on Federal Hiring Policies:

https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf.

EEO Policy: EEO Policy Statement.

Reasonable Accommodation Policy: Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement.

Veterans' Information: Veterans Information.

Telework: https://www.telework.gov/.

Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual’s employment experience will be used only to determine the person’s qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities. Although an individual’s personal conduct may be relevant in any employment decision, including conduct during periods of unemployment or evidence of dishonesty in handling financial matters, financial difficulty that has arisen through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of an unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

We will review your application package to ensure you meet the job and eligibility requirements, including the education and/or experience required for this position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter, and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) and place you in one of three pre-defined categories. These categories are “Gold,” “Silver,” and “Bronze.” However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. Candidates placed in the “Gold” category will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview. How you will be evaluated for preference eligibility: Within each category, those entitled to veterans’ preference will be listed at the top of the pre-defined category for which they are placed. Preference eligibles with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category (Gold) depending on the position and grade level of the job. (You must provide proof of disability rating with a letter from the Veteran's Administration showing disability percentage rating).

The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies:

Technical Competence
Leadership
Strategic Thinking
Problem Solving
Planning & Evaluating
Organizational Awareness
Project Management


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience.
Veterans' documentation, if requesting consideration under any Veterans' hiring eligibilities (veterans’ preference and Veterans Recruitment Appointment).
If seeking eligibility based on any other special hiring authority (e.g. disabled veteran, Schedule A, special hiring programs).
CTAP/ICTAP Eligibles: Must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation such as a reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice, a SF-50 reflecting your RIF separation, or a notice of proposed removal for declining a direct reassign or transfer of function to another commuting area. You MUST also submit documentation to reflect your current (or last) performance rating of record of at least ""fully successful"" (Level III) or equivalent, along with your application/resume package.
If this position requires proof of higher education, you must submit a copy of your transcript (unofficial transcript) or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information. Please be advised that an official transcript will be required if you are selected for the position.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Working for USAID offers comprehensive benefits including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life and health insurance, and the Federal Employees Retirement System. You can explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at http://www.opm.gov/insure/health/. USAID's headquarters is in downtown Washington, D.C., at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center on 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., on the Federal Triangle Metro Blue, Silver, and Orange Lines. The office is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, museums, and Washington Monument. A physical fitness facility and food court are on site. You will be eligible for telework in accordance with Agency policy.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens - No prior Federal experience required."	480	Washington
Project & Research Analyst, Air Quality	World Resources Institute	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	None	"Job Summary

In this role, you will support the growth of the Air Quality program, joining a team of experts actively engaged in helping cities and countries reduce emissions, rethink solutions to clean air, and leverage tools, analyses, and technical support to improve their air quality. You will support a variety of projects and activities in Latin America, Africa, and Southeast Asia. See specific job responsibilities below.


This position is remote due to Covid-19, but you will be based at WRI’s office in Washington, DC once restrictions have lifted.

Job Responsibilities

Project Management (40%)

Support coordination of air quality projects in the region to ensure consistency and high-quality deliverables. This includes coordination with diverse team of researchers, decision makers, and practitioners to implement projects and advance research within the air quality program
Collaborate with local partners and WRI staff globally to advance the Air Quality program’s research and project implementation including to prepare work plans, follow up on project implementation and prepare of progress reports among others
Organize internal and external conferences, meetings, training, events, and other activities as part of the Global Air Quality Program
Support the Project Manager on regular funder reporting as needed with the WRI Global, WRI India, WRI Indonesia, WRI Africa teams, as well as external partners and funders
Coordinate travel of program staff as relevant
Research and Data Analysis (40%)

Contribute to the research and data analytics for the Air Quality team, with particular emphasis on data-based arguments and short-form writing
Contribute to the maintenance and improvement of data for several Air Quality projects
Contribute to the scoping and development of new activities for the Air Quality program and communicate with external stakeholders if necessary
Co-author knowledge products including publications and online posts
Engagement & Communications (20%)

Support project-related outreach and communications activities as needed, including trainings, webinars, brownbags, and engagement with external partners
Assist the Communications Manager with editing plans, blogs, and other communications material
Write content for WRI communications activities, including website content, blogs, social media and newsletters
Prepare Powerpoint presentations and written and graphic content to presentations and reports
Job Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in urban development, international relations, public policy, environment, or other related fields
Detail-oriented and highly organized with a minimum of 1 year of hands-on experience
Adaptable to rapidly changing priorities and have the ability to manage multiple projects with varying deadlines
Demonstrate research skills such as analyzing complex data and resolving complex challenges
Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to work well in a team
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision, including proactively identifying problems and working with team members to develop solutions
Ability to diffuse conflict to ensure productivity, and have strong commitment to WRI’s mission and the values of integrity, innovation and respect that underpin all aspects of our operations
US work authorization required for this position
Preferred Qualifications

Experience with online data platform development and vendor management Experience with formatting in MS Word, data visualization a plus
Potential Salary

$46,000 - $60,000. Salary is commensurate with experience and other compensable factors.

How to Apply:
Please submit a cover letter with resume. Applicants must apply through the WRI Careers portal to be considered.

Program Overview

Air Quality WRI’s air quality program is a global initiative that seeks to identify, build awareness of, and eliminate the root causes of air pollution that damages climate, human, and ecosystem health. The program has three main areas of work: (i) engagement with city stakeholders to use participatory science to diagnose and develop targeted, cost-effective clean air solutions to protect human health and climate, (ii) working with the science community to convert innovative methods into tools and products that communities and policymakers can use to better manage their impact on the atmosphere, and (iii) working with national governments and business networks to design and implement broader regional-to-global air quality governance. It is a part of the WRI Ross Center on Sustainable Cities, with additional oversight from the Data Lab and engagement with Climate, Governance, Energy, and other programs at WRI. The team is global, with senior experts distributed across WRI’s network of international offices. Within the Air Quality program lies a new clean air initiative called the Clean Air Catalyst, which is a new flagship program launched by The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and a global consortium of organizations, led by World Resources Institute (WRI) and Environmental Defense Fund (EDF) to accelerate clean air solutions in low- and middle-income countries. Clean Air Catalyst will work with communities around the world to identify and raise awareness of local pollution sources, and build focused coalitions to deliver interventions that lead to sustained progress on cleaner, healthier air. More details of the Catalyst can be found here: https://urban-links.org/project/clean-air-catalyst/ WRI Ross Center for Sustainable Cities The decisions that national leaders, local officials, developers, and planners make today will determine how billions of people in urban centers will thrive over the next century. Already, half the global population resides in cities. That figure is set to increase to 70 percent by 2050. Traditional models of city development can lock us into congestion, sprawl, and inefficient resource use. However, compact, connected, and efficient growth can help ensure more competitive cities, and provide a better quality of life for citizens. WRI Ross Center for Sustainable Cities (WRI Ross Center) works to ensure cities drive economic opportunity while sustaining natural resources. We use technical expertise, cutting-edge research, and on-the-ground partnerships to design solutions that enable sustainable city growth. Our analysis and tools allow cities to effectively manage their natural resources and reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. Working across our network, we develop and support the implementation of research-based solutions in sustainable mobility, urban development, as well as urban efficiency & climate that reduce pollution, improve health, and create safe, accessible public spaces for all people to thrive. WRI Ross Center builds on WRI’s global and local experience in urban planning and mobility and uses proven solutions and action-oriented tools to increase building and energy efficiency, manage water risk, encourage effective governance and make the fast-growing urban environment more resilient to new challenges. Aiming to influence 200 cities with unique research and tools, WRI Ross Center focuses on a deep cross-sector approach in selected megacities on two continents, and targeted assistance to additional 50 urban areas, bringing economic, environmental and social benefits to people in cities around the globe.

WRI Overview

World Resources Institute (WRI) is an independent, nonprofit global research organization that turns big ideas into action at the nexus of environment, economic opportunity and human well-being. We are working to address seven critical challenges that the world must overcome this decade in order to secure a sustainable future for people and the planet: climate change, energy, food, forests, water, sustainable cities, and the ocean.

We are passionate. We value our diversity of interests, skills and backgrounds. We have a flexible work environment. And we share a common goal to catalyze change that will improve the lives of people. Our shared ideals are at the core of our approach. They include: integrity, innovation, urgency, independence and respect.

The foundation of our work is delivering high-quality research, data, maps and analysis to solve the world’s greatest environment and international development challenges, and improve people’s lives. We work with leaders in government, business and civil society to drive ambitious action and create change on the ground. Equally important, we bring together partners to develop breakthrough ideas and scale-up solutions for far-reaching, enduring impact.

We have been growing rapidly: our staff has doubled in size over the past 5 years and our operating budget is now $150 million. Founded in 1982, WRI has a global staff of 1,000+ people with work spanning 60 countries. We have offices in Africa , Brazil , China , Europe , India , Indonesia , Mexico and the United States as well as a growing presence in other countries and regions.

WRI is committed to advancing gender and social equity for human well-being in our mission and applies this principle to our organizational and programmatic practices."	480	Washington
Health Science Specialist	US U.S. Agency for International Development	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your application package. Your application may not receive full consideration if you do not follow the instructions as outlined.

This position is located at 500 C Street, SW., Washington, DC, in the Bureau for Global Health, at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) GH/OHA/SFS/HPE.

Responsibilities
As a Health Science Specialist you will:

Serve as a technical advisor for health systems strengthening and health financing and economics, helping to formulate policy and programming guidance for strategic program planning around domestic resource mobilization.
Provide technical advice, guidance, and support to Missions, NGOs and host countries on technical issues regarding the design, implementation, and evaluation of health financing activities and projects.
Assist in formulating Agency and PEPFAR positions on issues related to sustainable systems and financing for HIV/AIDS.
Serve as activity manager for HIV/AIDS financing technical activities and directing health science activities that assist OHA in advancing the state-of-the-art and providing technical assistance to USAID and PEPFAR field programs.
Serve as COR/AOR or alt COR/AOR as needed.

Travel Required
25% or less - The work involves approximately 25% of intermittent travels to and in developing countries. International air travel usually entails long flights. Travel within developing countries usually entails use of bus or cars over unpaved roads to locations where further physical adjustments must be rapidly made to occasionally severe conditions that require prolonged walking, working in cramped rooms, standing for long period of time, and eating and resting in inadequate.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14 - The full performance level of this position is GS-14
Job family (Series)
0601 General Health Science
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
United States Citizenship is required.
Relevant experience (see Qualifications below).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Time in grade must be met by the closing date of the vacancy announcement.
Males born after 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service.
You will be required to serve a one-year probationary period.
Note: Your answers to the assessment questionnaire must be supported in your resume.
Qualifications
SCREEN OUT QUESTION: This position requires a selective factor in addition to the qualification requirement noted above. Your resume must demonstrate you have technical and programmatic expertise working with government and in-country stakeholders to design and implement health financing strategies to advance promotion of sustainable approaches to health programming within low- and middle-income country settings?

GS-14-You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position include: a) serving as technical lead for sustainable financing for health or HIV/AIDS programming in developing countries; b) implementing, managing, and providing strategic direction and guidance for sustainable financing programs in developing countries; c) developing policies, strategies, and plans for sustainable financing for global scale-up; d) managing awards and projects on sustainable financing for health or HIV/AIDS.

Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position includes: (a) Has administered and formulated budget justification for major complex inter-bureau accounts likely to require reprogramming; (b) Served as technical authority on budget formation: (c) Has executed difficult fund control activities for large complex accounts, including adapted budgetary policies, analytical methods, and regulatory procedures; and (d) Had developed strategies for planning and implementing budget policies, procedures, and management controls for a significant organizational component to fulfill multi-year program objectives.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, relevant to the duties of the position to be filled, including volunteer experience.

ICTAP candidates will be referred to the selecting official if they are found well qualified. Well-qualified means an eligible employee who possesses the knowledge, skills, and abilities which clearly exceed the minimum requirements of the position. A well-qualified employee must meet the qualification and eligibility requirements of the position, including any medical qualifications, suitability, and minimum education and experience requirements, meet all selective factors (where applicable); meet quality ranking factors and are assigned to the Silver Category or higher Category; be physically qualified with reasonable accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position; meet any special qualifying U.S. OPM-approved conditions; AND be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry without additional training.

A well-qualified candidate will not necessarily meet the definition of highly or best qualified when evaluated against other candidates who apply for a particular position. In the absence of selective and quality ranking factors, selecting officials will document the job-related reason(s) for qualification determinations.
Education
This position does not have a defined education requirement. Therefore, no transcripts are required.
Additional information
USAID is an independent Federal Government agency that receives overall foreign policy guidance from the Secretary of State. With headquarters in the District of Columbia, we operate in more than 100 countries around the world, playing an active and critical role in the promotion of U.S. foreign policy interests. When crisis strikes; when rights are repressed; when hunger, disease and poverty rob people of opportunity; USAID acts on behalf of the American people to help expand the reach of prosperity and dignity to the world's most vulnerable people. USAID employees and contractors must commit to maintaining a workplace free of sexual misconduct, including harassment, exploitation, and abuse and adhere to USAID's Counter-Trafficking in Persons Code of Conduct. For information on the effort to counter all forms of human trafficking, including the procurement of commercial sex acts and the use of forced labor, visit http://www.state.gov/g/tip. For more information about USAID, visit http://www.usaid.gov.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies.

These are Testing Designated Positions (TDP’s) under the Agency’s approved Drug-Free Work Place Program. All applicants selected for this position will be subject to random drug testing once they begin working for the Agency.

Moving and relocation expenses are not authorized.

Mythbuster on Federal Hiring Policies:

https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf.

EEO Policy: EEO Policy Statement.

Reasonable Accommodation Policy: Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement.

Veterans' Information: Veterans Information.

Telework: https://www.telework.gov/.

Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual’s employment experience will be used only to determine the person’s qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities. Although an individual’s conduct may be relevant in any employment decision, including behavior during periods of unemployment or evidence of dishonesty in handling financial matters, a financial difficulty that has arisen through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your application package to ensure you meet the job and eligibility requirements, including the education and/or experience required for this position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) and place you in one of three pre-defined categories. These categories are “Gold,” “Silver,” and “Bronze.” However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. Candidates placed in the “Gold” category will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview. How you will be evaluated for preference eligibility: Within each category, those entitled to veterans’ preference will be listed at the top of the pre-defined category for which they are placed. Preference eligibles with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category (Gold) depending on the position and grade level of the job. (You must provide proof of disability rating with a letter from the Veteran's Administration showing disability percentage rating).
The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies:

Technical Competence
Planning and Evaluation
Leadership
Collaboration and Partnership
Public Health Administration and Management
Oral Communication


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience.
Veterans' documentation, if requesting consideration under any Veterans' hiring eligibilities (veterans’ preference and Veterans Recruitment Appointment).
If seeking eligibility based on any other special hiring authority (e.g. disabled veteran, Schedule A, special hiring programs).
ICTAP Eligibles: Must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation such as a reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice, a SF-50 reflecting your RIF separation, or a notice of proposed removal for declining a direct reassign or transfer of function to another commuting area. You MUST also submit documentation to reflect your current (or last) performance rating of record of at least ""fully successful"" (Level III) or equivalent, along with your application/resume package.
If this position requires proof of higher education, you must submit a copy of your transcript(unofficial transcript) or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information. Please be advised that an official transcript will be required if you are selected for the position.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Working for USAID offers comprehensive benefits including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life and health insurance, and the Federal Employees Retirement System. You can explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at http://www.opm.gov/insure/health/. USAID's headquarters is in downtown Washington, D.C., at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center on 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., on the Federal Triangle Metro Blue and Orange Lines. The office is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, museums, and the Washington Monument. A physical fitness facility and food court are on site. You may be eligible for telework per Agency policy.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens - No prior Federal experience required."	480	Washington
Program Officer, III	FHI 360	Washington, DC 20009 (Adams Morgan area)	None	"FHI 360 is a nonprofit human development organization dedicated to improving lives in lasting ways by advancing integrated, locally driven solutions. Our staff includes experts in Health, Education, Nutrition, Environment, Economic Development, Civil Society, Gender, Youth, Research and Technology; creating a unique mix of capabilities to address today's interrelated development challenges. FHI 360 serves more than 60 countries, all 50 U.S. states and all U.S. territories.
The Civil Society and Peacebuilding (CSPB) department supports citizens to mobilize effectively to influence policy, improve lives and build peace. CSPB’s civil society programs enable citizens to solve their own problems and influence policy through programs that strengthen the leadership capacity of national and community organizations and increase the transparency of government agencies. CSPB’s peacebuilding programs use locally owned and sustainable tools to bridge differences and bring peace to divided communities. We also work to prevent and counter violent extremism with a focus on youth-led approaches.
 Our programs are in:
Civil society
Peacebuilding and conflict mitigation
Capacity development
Leadership development
Governance
Media
Job Summary:
CSPB seeks a Program Officer, III (PO-III) with at least 8 years’ professional experience to provide technical assistance and support to programs in the areas of civil society strengthening, governance, peacebuilding, preventing violent extremism, and youth engagement. Collects, compiles, and analyzes information relevant to programs. Provides administrative and project support, in addition to communication efforts related to program management and execution. Ensures compliance with internal and external regulations. Monitors budget for programs and develops monitoring system for reviewing project status. Ensures completion of program while adhering to budget, scope, and schedule requirements. Develops/Reviews work plans, prepares presentations, and supports other related program objectives and deliverables.
Foreign language proficiency is required (French, Spanish, Russian preferred)
Primary Responsibilities for the Program Officer III include, but are not limited to the following:
Responsibilities:
Oversees and represents the organization in all aspects of the program in coordination with project leaders.
Ensures integrity of design and implementation of program, achievement of project performance objective, and deliverables.
Provides technical, administrative, and operational support to program management teams, such as: troubleshooting, updates to work plans, travel coordination and program activities monitoring.
Tracks performance against Financial Cost Objective (FCO) ID, project timelines, budget, objectives, and deliverables.
Works with Project Manager on developing budgets, proposals, managing grants, project materials, and information.
Supports program/project to provide timely and high-quality deliverables to clients, including: work plans; programmatic, financial, technical reports;
Develops, reviews, and/or translates reports, briefing papers, press releases, and presentations.
Monitors budgets, ensuring accountability of all project activities.
Facilitates communication by answering partner inquires and monitoring project websites.
Designs, implements, and coordinates specific program activities and may conduct research to achieve program goals.
Documents and shares project accomplishments, challenges, and lessons learned among internal and external partners.
Develops and maintains relationships serving as the liaison for internal units, (finance, contracts, HR), as well as government officials, local communities, and other organizations.
Supports program design and business development efforts (e.g., identifying resource development opportunities; writing assigned sections; supporting budget preparation and general development of proposals).
Applied Knowledge & Skills:
Strong knowledge of concepts, practices and procedures with program design.
Excellent English language oral and written communication skills.
Proficiency in a foreign language, ideally French, Spanish, or Russian, is strongly preferred.
Excellent and demonstrated program/project management skills.
Ability to influence and collaborate with others.
Ability to analyze and interpret data, identify errors and prepare reports.
Education**
Bachelor's Degree or its International Equivalent required in one of the following subjects:
International Development/Affairs, Communications, Political Science, History, Education, Environment, Health, Knowledge/Information Services, Life/Social Sciences, or Related Field
Master’s degree or its International Equivalent strongly preferred in one of the following subjects:
International Development/Affairs, Communications, Political Science, History, Education, Environment, Health, Knowledge/Information Services, Life/Social Sciences, or Related Field
** Or an equivalent combination of relevant education and/or experience sufficient to successfully perform the key responsibilities of the job.
Experience:
At least 8 years’ professional experience in a non-governmental organization (NGO), government agency, or private organization
Articulate and professional, able to communicate in a clear, positive fashion with clients and staff;
Overseas/international experience is highly desired;
Must be able to read, write, and speak fluent English;
Proficiency in a foreign language (i.e., French, Spanish, Russian, others) is required;
Prior team lead/leadership experience preferred.
Demonstrated experience working in international development in the sectors of civil society strengthening and/or capacity building; youth mobilization and engagement; governance; peacebuilding; preventing/countering violent extremism or related topics.
Substantial experience using computerized information systems; and
Strong research and analytical skills.
This job posting summarizes the main duties of the job. It neither prescribes nor restricts the exact tasks that may be assigned to carry out these duties. This document should not be construed in any way to represent a contract of employment. Management reserves the right to review and revise this document at any time.
FHI 360 is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer whereby we do not engage in practices that discriminate against any person employed or seeking employment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law."	480	Washington
ADMINISTRATIVE SPECIALIST	US Commander, Naval Information Warfare Systems Co...	Washington Navy Yard, DC	$122,530 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as a ADMINISTRATIVE SPECIALIST in the NAVAL ENTERPRISE NETWORKS PROGRAM of PEO DIGITAL AND ENTERPRISE SERVICES.
Responsibilities
You will serve as the Enterprise Tools Manager responsible for providing enterprise-wide oversight and execution of the design and implementation of comprehensive end-to-end Order-to-Payment (OTP).
You will manage and integrate the NGEN request fulfillment process, NGEN Service Catalog, and NET Ordering Tool.
You will research and document sponsor/stakeholder requirements and ensure compliance with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology.
You will recommend business solutions to meet sponsor/stakeholder capability requirements in concert with continuous exploration of alternative options to bring cost, schedule, and performance value to the end-user community.
You will establish partnership with stakeholders across the Department of the Navy (DON) and Department of Defense (DoD) agencies to address and resolve OTP issues, requests, and operational tasks.
You will estimate, forecast, and define critical activities to execute requirements gathering and acceptance testing to improve network/system/tools accuracy.
You will develop metrics and analysis processes to provide analysis of software quality for all stages in the lifecycle to include test plans/test case/test script execution.
You will manage to budget controls for assigned projects/programs and Identify proper action to address budget shortfalls and excess funding and determine the best approach or solution for resolving budget shortage.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Current Federal employees applying for APS jobs must serve at least one year at the next lower grade level. All qualifications and pay band requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement and clearly documented in your resume.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
You will be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card for travel and travel-related purchases.
This position may require travel from normal duty station and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field Program Management, Level III. Certification is required within 24 months of appointment.
Qualifications
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-13 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector.

Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: Manage Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process; Oversee the Planning, Programming and Budgeting Execution (PPBE) process; and Apply DOD/DoN Information Technology (IT) Business Systems acquisition laws, regulations, processes and policies.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management web site: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education

Additional information
This position is in the Personnel Demonstration Project under authority of Title VII of the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978. The pay schedule and pay band for all Demonstration Project Administrative Specialist/Professional Positions will be DP-1/2/3/4.

This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ANALYTICAL TECHNIQUES
FUNDAMENTALS AND OPERATIONS OF BUDGET
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGEMENT
PARTNERING
RISK MANAGEMENT
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current DoD employees, Former federal employees, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and VEOA eligible,current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)"	480	Washington
Management and Program Analyst	US U.S. Agency for International Development	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Washington, DC Commuting Area in the Bureau for Management, Office of the Chief Financial Officer (M/CFO) at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).

Announcement 21-0184-MG is open concurrently with this announcement and has an area of consideration of Status Candidates. You must apply separately to be considered under both announcements.

Responsibilities
USAID is the world’s premier international development agency and a catalytic actor driving development results. USAID’s work advances U.S. national security and economic prosperity, demonstrates American generosity, and promotes a path to recipient self-reliance and resilience. The purpose of foreign aid should be ending the need for its existence, and we provide development assistance to help partner countries on their own development journey to self-reliance – looking at ways to help lift lives, build communities, and establish self-sufficiency.

As a Management and Program Analyst, your duties will include the following:

Managing and overseeing the design of a complete audit follow-up system and sub-systems for programs used within a significant organizational component.
Coordinating and monitoring the Agency responses to audit reports to ensure management decision resolution and audit recommendation closure are completed in accordance with Agency policies.
Providing advice to management on satisfying regulatory requirements to improve accountability and transparency, and internal processes as noted in audit reports issued to the Agency.
Providing authoritative advice on the specifications and regulatory requirements required to solve significant risk management problems.
Performing a comprehensive review and analysis of all executive, legislative, and regulatory actions to ensure that all audit data requirements are met in a timely and efficient manner.
Developing technically authoritative instructions and provides support service and training for Audit Management Officers and Audit Action Officers to ensure an effective and efficient audit follow-up system is maintained for their respective organizations.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - Travel may vary depending on the needs of each individual bureau or office, but will not exceed 25% of the incumbent's time.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14 - This position is at the full performance level.
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Management Analysts
Program Analysts
Program Management Analyst
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
United States Citizenship is required.
Relevant experience (see Qualifications below).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service.
Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer is required.
You will be required to serve a one-year probationary period.
Note: Your answers to the assessment questionnaire must be supported in your resume.

You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your application package. Your application may not receive full consideration if you do not follow the instructions as outlined.
Qualifications
GS-14-You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position includes all of the following: (a) establishing guidelines and performance expectations for staff members and observing workers' performance, including conducting work performance reviews; (b) managing and providing oversight of the development and monitoring of large studies and complex projects; (c) analyzing and evaluating the economic impact, feasibility, practicality, and effectiveness of existing and proposed standards, regulations, programs, and policies.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, relevant to the duties of the position to be filled, including volunteer experience.

CTAP/ICTAP candidates will be referred to the selecting official if they are found well qualified. Well-qualified means an eligible employee who possesses the knowledge, skills, and abilities which clearly exceed the minimum requirements of the position. A well-qualified employee must meet the qualification and eligibility requirements of the position, including any medical qualifications, suitability, and minimum education and experience requirements, meet all selective factors (where applicable); meet quality ranking factors and are assigned to the Silver Category or higher Category; be physically qualified with reasonable accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position; meet any special qualifying U.S. OPM-approved conditions; AND be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry without additional training.

A well-qualified candidate will not necessarily meet the definition of highly or best qualified when evaluated against other candidates who apply for a particular position. In the absence of selective and quality ranking factors, selecting officials will document the job-related reason(s) for qualification determinations.
Education
This position does not have a positive education requirement. Therefore, no transcripts are required.
Additional information
USAID is an independent Federal Government agency that receives overall foreign policy guidance from the Secretary of State. With headquarters in the District of Columbia, we operate in more than 100 countries around the world, playing an active and critical role in the promotion of U.S. foreign policy interests. When crisis strikes; when rights are repressed; when hunger, disease and poverty rob people of opportunity; USAID acts on behalf of the American people to help expand the reach of prosperity and dignity to the world's most vulnerable people. USAID employees and contractors must commit to maintaining a workplace free of sexual misconduct, including harassment, exploitation, and abuse and adhere to USAID's Counter-Trafficking in Persons Code of Conduct. For information on the effort to counter all forms of human trafficking, including the procurement of commercial sex acts and the use of forced labor, visit http://www.state.gov/g/tip. For more information about USAID, visit http://www.usaid.gov.

If an HR Specialist determines that you are among the best-qualified applicants for these positions, your application will be shared with multiple hiring managers for consideration. By submitting your application to this advertisement, you agree to have your application shared for similar positions within USAID.

These are Testing Designated Positions (TDP’s) under the Agency’s approved Drug-Free Work Place Program. All applicants selected for this position will be subject to random drug testing once they begin working for the Agency.

Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer is required.

Moving and relocation expenses are not authorized.

Mythbuster on Federal Hiring Policies:

https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf.

EEO Policy: EEO Policy Statement.

Reasonable Accommodation Policy: Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement.

Veterans' Information: Veterans Information.

Telework: https://www.telework.gov/.

Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual’s employment experience will be used only to determine the person’s qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities. Although an individual’s personal conduct may be relevant in any employment decision, including conduct during periods of unemployment or evidence of dishonesty in handling financial matters, financial difficulty that has arisen through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of an unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

We will review your application package to ensure you meet the job and eligibility requirements, including the education and experience required for this position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter, and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) to determine if your resume supports your answers to the assessment questionnaire. If your resume does not reinforce your responses to the online assessment questionnaire, it will affect your eligibility for further consideration. You may be found ""not qualified"" if you do not possess the minimum competencies required for the position. If your application is incomplete, we will rate you as ineligible. We will refer all candidates that we rank as Highly Qualified to the hiring manager, and they may invite the referred applicants for an interview.

The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies:

Technical Competence
Auditing
Oral/Written Communication
Attention to Detail
Customer Service


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience.
Veterans' documentation, if requesting consideration under any Veterans' hiring eligibilities (veterans’ preference and Veterans Recruitment Appointment).
If seeking eligibility based on any other special hiring authority (e.g. disabled veteran, Schedule A, special hiring programs).
CTAP/ICTAP Eligibles: Must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation such as a reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice, an SF-50 reflecting your RIF separation, or a notice of proposed removal for declining a direct reassign or transfer of function to another commuting area. You MUST also submit documentation to reflect your current (or last) performance rating of record of at least ""fully successful"" (Level III) or equivalent, along with your application/resume package.
If this position requires proof of higher education, you must submit a copy of your transcript (unofficial transcript) or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information. Please be advised that an official transcript will be required if you are selected for the position.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Working for USAID offers comprehensive benefits including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life and health insurance, and the Federal Employees Retirement System. You can explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at http://www.opm.gov/insure/health/. USAID's headquarters is in downtown Washington, D.C., at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center on 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., on the Federal Triangle Metro Blue, Silver, and Orange Lines. The office is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, museums, and Washington Monument. A physical fitness facility and food court are on site. You will be eligible for telework in accordance with Agency policy.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens - No prior Federal experience required."	480	Washington
Senior Administrative Assistant (Administrative Assistant Support III)	Capital One - US	Vienna, VA 22180	None	"Towers Crescent 2 (12067), United States of America, Vienna, Virginia
Senior Administrative Assistant (Administrative Assistant Support III)
Capital One is looking for an exceptionally bright, multitasking, and self-motivated experienced Administrative Support Assistant III to support 4 to 6 executives in a fast-paced tech-savvy environment. You will partner with multiple executives to handle administrative tasks freeing up their time to focus on department and company goals. A quick thinker, your flexibility and adaptability are key to constantly changing demands and priorities. You are resourceful and autonomous when taking on new tasks and projects relying on problem-solving skills to make it all work! As the gatekeeper and extension of your executive leaders, you will frequently find yourself in the center of everything that happens on the team. You are extremely pivotal to the success of a well-run, efficient, productive and happy team.
In this role, you are a jack of all trades! Administrative Assistants perform an array of administrative functions critical to running an organization efficiently. You will strategically manage your executives’ complex schedules through prioritization and organization. You will handle travel arrangements, create expense reports, and disseminate information. Your communication will be personable while still getting your point across. As team ambassador, you are proficient in writing and proof-reading with impeccable grammar and composition.
Responsibilities:
Managing daily calendars for multiple executives, demonstrating flexibility and problem-solving abilities to adjust or prioritize schedules based on last-minute changes
Arrange and reserve conference rooms, catering, audio/video and other essential services as needed for meetings and conferences
Coordinate travel arrangements and create expense reports in a timely manner using Capital One systems
Drive key team activities and events (such as all-hands meeting, team meetings, conferences, ordering supplies and social events)
Prepare professional business communication documents including memos, letters, and emails
Build and maintain good business relationships with executives and administrative staff across the organizations
Participation in general administrative duties (copying and faxing), distributing mail, ad-hoc projects, committees and/or group events
Promote a fun and team-oriented work environment
At Capital One, you will find an environment that inspires a can-do-anything spirit with a multitude of supportive resources. Better still, you will find managers who encourage you to be your best in all areas of your life. If you are ready to create an administrative role that satisfies your professional goals while balancing your personal interests, then Capital One is eager to talk to you.
Basic Qualifications:
High School Diploma, GED or equivalent certification
At least 2 years of Administrative experience
At least 2 years of experience in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) or Google Suite
Preferred Qualifications:
Associates Degree
At least 5+ years of experience as an Executive Assistant or Administrative Assistant in a fast-paced environment
At least 3+ years of calendar management supporting multiple executives
At least 1+ year of meeting and event planning experience
Experience setting up video conference and Zoom/Skype technology for meeting user
Experience planning ahead and managing time effectively
Excellent written and verbal communications
Excellent organizational skills
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position."	480	Washington
Project Manager III	Evoke Research And Cons	Arlington, VA 22203 (Bluemont area)	None	"Evoke is seeking a Project Manager Level III to join our team!
Evoke Research and Consulting is a federal management consulting firm specializing in three core services areas including management consulting, IT consulting, and Business Process Reengineering. We provide solutions to federal government agencies and entities, including the Department of Energy, Veterans Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, US Marine Corps, and USDA.
We are a diverse employee-focused firm that is committed to providing a wide range of opportunities for our employees to grow professionally and socially including mentoring and internal Communities of Practice. Our employees are hard-working, team-oriented, and come from multiple backgrounds and experience levels. We value our employees’ ideas and welcome suggestions for change and development as a firm.
Responsibilities
Oversees all aspects of a project, leading a team on large projects or technically complex projects.
Project may include geographically dispersed requirements, locations and staff.
Usually manages multiple junior project managers or technical managers each of whom has responsibility for task delivery, and report up to the PM III.
Consolidates data for reporting from across the project.
Identifies and manages risk and issues.
Manages all budget information across the project.
Typically uses Earned Value Management methods for performance evaluation and reporting on the project.
Analyze new and complex project related problems and create innovative solutions that normally involve the schedule, technology, methodology, tools, solution components, and financial management of the project.
Provide applications systems analysis and long and short- range plans for application selection, systems development, systems maintenance, and production activities for necessary support resources.
Usually maintains an active certification in one or more of the following PMI certifications: PMP, CAPM, PgMP, RMP, SP, or PfMP.
Qualifications
Required Knowledge/Experience/Skills:
Must possess at least 10 years of relevant work experience.
Strong analytical skills, superior problem-solving skills, and demonstrates critical thinking.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Proficient in interacting with Senior Leadership/Executives.
Required Education: Advanced Degree in a related field or relevant disciplines.
Security Clearance: Must be able to obtain and maintain required security clearance for this role.
Work Location: Washington DC"	480	Washington
Service Desk Manager	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"Key Role:
Lead a team of technicians directly supporting Cabinet level DoD staff to respond to all issues or requests that arise in an expedient manner. Provide Tier I support, field phone calls from the user community, log issues and requests into ticketing systems, and perform basic troubleshooting over the phone. Provide onsite Tier 2 support at the customer’s location. Respond to all issues or requests that arise in an expedient manner and support VIP customers in a fast-paced environment. Help team members improve their technical and customer service skills. Conduct in-depth troubleshooting or resolution of failed OS deployments, including working with vendors such as Microsoft, Adobe, Dell, or others and work with firmware and patching compliance teams to resolve issues.
Basic Qualifications:
8+ years of experience with supporting DoD or other government organizations as a member of a 24/7 service desk
5+ years of experience with managing a team of 10 or more individuals
5+ years of experience with troubleshooting Windows desktop hardware and software
Experience with managing multiple ongoing projects and tasks, managing team members’ work schedules, and providing directions to team members on handling complex issues or projects
Experience interfacing with high level government staff using verbal and written expertise
Ability to develop and implement a proactive approach to identifying and handling potential issues
TS/SCI clearance
BA or BS degree
DoD 8570 IAT II Certification, including Security+ and Computing Environment Certificate
Ability to obtain HDI Support Center Analyst certification within 60 days of hire
Additional Qualifications:
Experience with developing training requirements and materials to be presented and implemented within a team
BA or BS degree in IT or related field; MA or MS degree preferred
DoD 8570 IAT III or IAM II Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	480	Washington
Business Analyst III	Fairfax County Government	Fairfax, VA 22035	$68,720 - $114,533 a year	"The Department of Public Works and Environmental Services, a nationally accredited agency committed to building and maintaining safe, reliable infrastructure that improves public health and provides a high quality of life for residents, is seeking an experienced and innovative business analyst to join the IT services team supporting the Capital Facilities division. An exciting initiative is underway to implement an innovative SaaS capital project management technology, providing an excellent opportunity for a qualified candidate to help modernize processes supporting both customers and employees.

As a member of the team, you will:
Serve as the lead business analyst point of contact to Capital Facilities division and have overall responsibility and accountability for development and delivery of high-quality IT solutions and services.
As the service delivery manager for the Capital Project Management Information System (CPMIS), lead and coordinate between the SaaS vendor, Internal IT, and business users to build effective communications and provide governance over system enhancements and changes, problem/incident root cause analysis, and business requirement definition and prioritization.
Ensure new system implementations and changes meet business requirements and improve customer satisfaction levels.
Serve as the CPMIS application administrator, conduct user training, perform configuration changes, monitor system usage, manage problem/incident resolution, and coordinate maintenance activities with the SaaS vendor.
Perform analysis of business needs and stay current in technology innovations to define and present solution proposals and strategies.
Champion the evaluation and redesign of business processes to enhance functionality and efficiency and facilitate change.
Engage and build influential relationships with senior leaders and stakeholders to appropriately drive focus and priorities on the right things for success.

Employment Standards
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Any combination of education, experience, and training equivalent to a bachelor's degree in business, computer science or a field related to the department where the IT services are being used: plus four years of experience analyzing business processes and/or developing/maintaining the main business system, technical platform or a related system.

Any combination of education, experience, and training equivalent to the following:
(Click on the aforementioned link to learn how Fairfax County interprets equivalencies for ""Any combination, experience, and training equivalent to"")

NECESSARY SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:
The appointee to this position will be required to complete a criminal background check to the satisfaction of the employer.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Master's in computers systems, information systems management, or related fields.
Expert in working directly with customers and/or end users soliciting requirements, producing solution proposals that meet those requirements, and engaging customers to provide process consultation.
At least 7 years’ experience in leading new implementations of large and complex Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions and providing maintenance support services.
Experience in providing application system administration support and troubleshooting technical issues on a day-to-day operational basis.
Expert in change governance and strategic alignment activities and principles.
At least 3 years’ experience with IT/systems integrations and their interfaces.
Knowledge in project planning, management, and coordination.
Experience working at all levels of an organization to include communicating with senior and executive staff in formal and informal settings, both verbally and in writing.
Experience preparing documentation for system development, including user requirements, process flow diagrams, design specifications, testing plans and implementation strategies
Project management certification.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Job is generally sedentary. Ability to use keyboard-driven equipment. Ability to input, access, and retrieve information from a computer. All duties performed with or without reasonable accommodations.

SELECTION PROCEDURE:
Panel interview and may include exercise.

Fairfax County Government prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics, political affiliation, or status as a veteran in the recruitment, selection, and hiring of its workforce.

Reasonable accommodations are available to persons with disabilities during application and/or interview processes per the Americans with Disabilities Act. Contact 703-324-4900 for assistance. TTY 703-222-7314. EEO/AA/TTY."	480	Washington
Enterprise IT Project Manager	Barbaricum	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"Enterprise IT Project Manager
Fort Belvoir, VA /
Mission Support /
Full-Time
Apply for this job
Barbaricum supports government clients with Integrated Communications, Mission Support, and Cyber Security/Intelligence. Our passion is innovation and we are committed to client value and effective technical solutions. We are an ISO 9001:2015-certified and CMMI Level 3 appraised, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in Washington, DC. Our mission is to transform the ways the U.S. Government approaches problem sets of increasing complexity by delivering innovative solutions, particularly in support of National Security missions.

Barbaricum is one of the fastest-growing companies in our market. The company is routinely recognized by institutions like Inc. Magazine, GovCon, AMEC, PRSA, and SmartCEO for corporate growth, capabilities, and award-winning client work. Our team is dynamic and agile, providing global support to current missions across five continents. We are also focused on developing and maintaining our vibrant corporate culture, having been recently named one of the best places to work by Inc. Magazine.
Barbaricum is seeking a qualified IT Project Manager to support the mission of the Product Manager Power Projection Enablers (PdM P2E). The Chief Information Officer of the Army has charged PdM P2E with procuring and installing leading-edge technologies including Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (C4I) systems; computer and communication networks; network convergence; cloud computing; cyber security compliance; visual displays; product tools; product architecture; modeling; electro-optics; transport; radio frequency devices; control systems; and instrumentation equipment. Support and services performed under this contract include administration, operations, logistics, engineering, knowledge management, information technology, and program management support to PdM P2E.
Responsibilities
Serves as the assistant to the Program Manager as the Government’s point of contact at Ft. Belvoir
Performs all Program Manager’s duties as required at Ft. Belvoir
Provides technical supervision and guidance for all contractor personnel assigned to the specific theaters of responsibility
Plans, coordinates, and directs administrative activities, program control, and technical personnel involved in providing services in fulfillment of the contract
Is responsible for the overall management of specific project task ensuring that the technical solutions and schedules are implemented in a timely manner
Oversees all contractual responsibilities and delivery of all contract deliverables
Leads and manages projected team tasks and work flow, enforces procedures, creates and tracks budget, coordinating technical or data processing support for clients overseas
Qualifications
Active DoD Secret security clearance
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification or DAU Level III Project Management Certification required.
Bachelor’s degree or preferably a Master’s degree in a science-related, IT, or business field
8 years of related senior project management experience
Experience with Army acquisition processes
Experience providing oversight of large, multi-functional project teams, preferably in an information technology environment
Experience planning and managing complex tasks—sometimes under tight budget and time constraints—across multiple regions overseas
Strong management and leadership skills, written and oral communications skills
Experience in Government acquisition
Familiarity with industry best practices
Familiarity with Government contract and subcontract management
Additional Information
For more information about Barbaricum, please visit our website at www.barbaricum.com. We will contact candidates directly to schedule interviews. No phone calls please."	480	Washington
Supervisory Education Program Specialist	US U.S. Agency for International Development	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your application package. Your application may not receive full consideration if you do not follow the instructions as outlined.

This position is located in the Ronald Reagan Building at 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC., in the Bureau for Democracy, Development and Innovation (DDI), at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).

Responsibilities
As a Supervisory Education Program Specialist, your duties will include the following:

Supervising and providing feedback on the work of technical and program specialists and teams; prioritizing professional development and distributed leadership opportunities for supervisees and Center staff broadly;
Leading the implementation of strategic goal setting for staff as a member of the Center's Senior Management Group;
Providing support to Agency-wide activities within the education sector by reviewing and analyzing data and developing strategies, analytical models, and methodologies; providing assistance and advice on the sector and cross-sectoral issues;
Serving as a leading education expert and coordinator in providing intellectual leadership around evidence and learning; generating policy recommendations, interventions, and agency mechanisms; guiding research activities to support sustainable development within the international education development area;
Serving as an authority in educational program/project planning and development and having a significant effect on USAID's educational program; and developing program objectives, setting performance standards, reviewing research potential of innovative projects, and promoting further exploration of new approaches.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Travel may vary depending on the needs of the Bureau, but will not exceed 10% of the incumbent's time.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
15 - This position has reached its full performance level.
Job family (Series)
1720 Education Program
Similar jobs
Educational Specialists
Specialists, Educational
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
United States Citizenship is required.
Relevant experience (see Qualifications below).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Males born after 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service.
You will have to serve a one year Supervisory probationary period.
You will be required to serve a one-year probationary period.
Note: Your answers to the assessment questionnaire must be supported in your resume.
Qualifications
SELECTIVE PLACEMENT FACTOR: Your resume must demonstrate experience managing international education programs in the public or private sectors, including designing and managing education programs, developing education policy, working with local and host country governments, and developing and implementing education policy at the system level.

GS-15: In addition to the Education requirement and Selective Placement Factor, you MUST have one year of specialized experience that is equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-14 level in the Federal service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position include: a) managing a team of education development professionals; (b) providing expert advice and guidance to organizational leadership on international education programs and policies with significant emphasis on the areas of basic education, higher education, and/or youth/workforce development; (c) planning, designing, implementing and evaluating international education programs in developing countries; and (d) preparing, justifying and/or administering the budget for an education program or portfolio, including experience planning, administering and monitoring expenditures to ensure cost-effective support of programs and policies.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, relevant to the duties of the position to be filled, including volunteer experience.

CTAP/ICTAP candidates will be referred to the selecting official if they are found well qualified. Well-qualified means an eligible employee who possesses the knowledge, skills, and abilities which clearly exceed the minimum requirements of the position. A well-qualified employee must meet the qualification and eligibility requirements of the position, including any medical qualifications, suitability, and minimum education and experience requirements, meet all selective factors (where applicable); meet quality ranking factors and are assigned to the Silver Category or higher Category; be physically qualified with reasonable accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position; meet any special qualifying U.S. OPM-approved conditions; AND be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry without additional training.

A well-qualified candidate will not necessarily meet the definition of highly or best qualified when evaluated against other candidates who apply for a particular position. In the absence of selective and quality ranking factors, selecting officials will document the job-related reason(s) for qualification determinations.
Education
Degree: that included or was supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in a field related to the work of the position to be filled, of which at least 9 semester hours must have been in education courses.

Or

Combination of education and experience - at least 24 semester hours in a field related to the work of the position to be filled, of which at least 9 semester hours must have been in education courses, plus appropriate experience or additional education. The experience must reflect the level and kind described in C below.

Or

Four years of experience that demonstrated a thorough understanding of the principles and practices underlying the work of this series. This experience must have been of such character and diversity to demonstrate that the applicant possesses an understanding of the field comparable to that normally acquired through successful completion of a full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university.

Or

At least 1 full academic year of professional teaching experience. This experience is defined as full and primary responsibility, under general supervision, for instruction of assigned students in an accredited school or institution. This includes responsibility for preparing and presenting lessons and for evaluating students' progress, including a determination of the students' success or failure according to established criteria. Serving in an assistant capacity to a professor without the authority to determine the students' success or failure to meet course requirements does not meet this criterion.

Additional information
USAID is an independent Federal Government agency that receives overall foreign policy guidance from the Secretary of State. With headquarters in Washington, D.C., USAID fosters transformational development around the world. Our work supports economic growth and trade; agriculture and the environment; education and training; democracy and governance; global health; global partnerships and humanitarian assistance. We operate in the following regions of the world: Afghanistan and Pakistan, Africa (all of Africa), Asia, Europe and Eurasia, Latin America and the Caribbean and the Middle East. USAID employees in the Civil Service and Foreign Service, as well as individuals employed through Personal Service Contracts, must adhere to our Counter Trafficking in Persons Code of Conduct. For information on the effort to counter all forms of human trafficking, including the procurement of commercial sex acts and the use of forced labor, visit http://www.state.gov/g/tip. For more information about USAID, visit http://www.usaid.gov.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies.

These are Testing Designated Positions (TDP’s) under the Agency’s approved Drug Free Work Place Program. All applicants selected for this position will be subject to random drug testing once they begin working for the Agency.

Moving and relocation expenses are not authorized.

Mythbuster on Federal Hiring Policies:

https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf.

EEO Policy: EEO Policy Statement.

Reasonable Accommodation Policy: Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement.

Veterans' Information: Veterans Information.

Telework: https://www.telework.gov/.

Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual’s employment experience will be used only to determine the person’s qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities. Although an individual’s personal conduct may be relevant in any employment decision, including conduct during periods of unemployment or evidence of dishonesty in handling financial matters, financial difficulty that has arisen through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of an unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your application package to ensure you meet the job and eligibility requirements, including the education and/or experience required for this position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) and place you in one of three pre-defined categories. These categories are “Gold,” “Silver,” and “Bronze.” However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. Candidates placed in the “Gold” category will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview. How you will be evaluated for preference eligibility: Within each category, those entitled to veterans’ preference will be listed at the top of the pre-defined category for which they are placed. Preference eligibles with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category (Gold) depending on the position and grade level of the job. (You must provide proof of disability rating with a letter from the Veteran's Administration showing disability percentage rating).

The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies:

Education and Training
Technical Competence
Leadership
Planning and Evaluation
Organizational Awareness
Oral Communication
Written Communication


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience.
Veterans' documentation, if requesting consideration under any Veterans' hiring eligibilities (veterans’ preference and Veterans Recruitment Appointment).
If seeking eligibility based on any other special hiring authority (e.g. disabled veteran, Schedule A, special hiring programs). If you wish to be considered for veterans preference, you must provide a disability letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs showing your disability rating.
CTAP/ICTAP Eligibles: Must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation such as a reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice, a SF-50 reflecting your RIF separation, or a notice of proposed removal for declining a direct reassign or transfer of function to another commuting area. You MUST also submit documentation to reflect your current (or last) performance rating of record of at least ""fully successful"" (Level III) or equivalent, along with your application/resume package.
If this position requires proof of higher education, you must submit a copy of your transcript(unofficial transcript) or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information. Please be advised that an official transcript will be required if you are selected for the position.
Teacher certification or licensure in a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or a territory of the United States.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Working for USAID offers comprehensive benefits including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life and health insurance, and the Federal Employees Retirement System. You can explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at http://www.opm.gov/insure/health/. USAID's headquarters is in downtown Washington, D.C., at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center on 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., on the Federal Triangle Metro Blue and Orange Lines. The office is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, museums, and Washington Monument. A physical fitness facility and food court are on site. You will be eligible for telework in accordance with Agency policy.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens, no prior Federal experience is required."	480	Washington
Paralegal III	Protos IT, LLC	Washington, DC	$30 - $35 an hour	Job Title: Paralegal IIILocation: Washington, D.CDuration: 6 months contract to full time HireFamiliarity with ESI tools and eDiscovery procedures/resourcesRequires Law degree, or currently attending an ABA-accredited law school, having completed at least one year of study or, an equivalent level of legal training or experience or an equivalent level of education may be substitutedPrimary ResponsibilitiesResponsibilities/Duties. Works under the direction of a Project Manager. Performs complex legal research for the trial staff. Assists in preparing draft legal documents, such as motions, briefs, memoranda of law, etc. synopsizes transcripts of hearings and oral arguments for attorney use; reviews case related materials and, for example, identifies potentially conflicting statements or areas requiring further investigation; contact with other contractor staff and trial staff. Travel may be requiredBasic QualificationsRequires Law degree, or currently attending an ABA-accredited law school, having completed at least one year of study or, an equivalent level of legal training or experience or an equivalent level of education may be substituted.Requires sound working knowledge of federal and state court systems, legal research procedures, and legal research resources.Requires excellent written and oral communication skills and thorough knowledge of legal research tools such as LEXIS and Westlaw.Must have hands-on familiarity with a variety of computer applications, including word processing, databases (such as document review and file management systems), spreadsheets, and imaging. Role also requires hands-on familiarity with ESI tools and knowledge of eDiscovery procedures and resources.Ability to consistently deliver highest quality work under extreme pressure will be very important.Must be a US Citizen.Must be able to obtain a Public Trust.Preferred Qualifications*Extensive Cite Checking / Blue Booking Experience*Ability to consistently deliver highest quality of work under extreme pressure will be very important.*Highly detail oriented individual.*Active security clearance, preferred.*Experience working in litigation databases such as Relativity is a plusContract length: 6 monthsExpected Start Date: 19/7/2021Job Type: TemporaryPay: $30.00 - $35.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:ESI tools: 1 year (Preferred)eDiscovery: 1 year (Preferred)Paralegal: 3 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:No	480	Washington
Software Development Manager III	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical discipline
10+ years of relevant engineering experience
5+ years people management experience
Experience with OOD and object oriented languages

Amazon S3 powers businesses across the globe that make the lives of consumers better daily. Whether its electronic content delivered to your home, technology that betters your remote working experience, allows you to plan travel to exotic places or simply get stuff delivered to your home. As a Software Development Manager in S3, you get to deliver these capabilities and delight our customers through teams of talented engineers and leaders.

S3 Request Shaping is tasked with building the next generation of services dedicated to bring Quality of Service to S3 Customers and balancing the wide variety of requests processed by S3. As a Software Development Manager on the S3 Request Shaping Team you will contribute to key development projects integrating with S3 API's processing 100's of trillions of transactions per month. You will also build and enhance new services using distributed micro-services architectures and expert knowledge, pattern recognition, and machine learning techniques to analyze requests and autonomously mitigate undesired behavior at the massive scale of S3.
Request Shaping Software Development Managers should have experience building engineering teams that deliver and operate highly available software services. They must have a genuine desire to mentor and develop engineers, be able to earn trust of their colleagues, and work backwards from what is best for our customers.

This role will sit in our new headquarters in Northern Virginia, where Amazon will invest $2.5 billion dollars, occupy 4 million square feet of energy efficient office space, and create at least 25,000 new full-time jobs. Our employees and the neighboring community will also benefit from the associated investments from the Commonwealth including infrastructure updates, public transportation improvements, and new access to Reagan National Airport.

Our team works together to provide work/life balance for all team members. We recognize that the circumstances of our team members vary, and we balance work across the team so that we’re all able to maintain high standards on behalf of our customers, while at the same time allowing for rich and happy personal lives.

S3 services are highly available, but there are times when we occasionally stray away from our SLAs. In order to minimize the impact of such excursions, we do have On-Call rotations. However, we set these up so there are focused time periods when you are on-call and when you are not, you can focus on your day job : )

We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.

About Us

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance
Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"	480	Washington
Project Manager III	MAXIMUS	Falls Church, VA 22042	None	"Job Description Summary WD USA:

This position (Project Manager Level III) is contingent upon award

This position is to join the leadership team of an IT project delivering mission critical services of national importance at a major cabinet agency. It is comprised of a series of legacy systems in disparate technologies that support significant processing volume upon which several cross-agency business processes depend. This position will be a senior representative of Maximus for the project and will be responsible for and/or participate in the management of contract transition, systems operations and maintenance, technology and operational enhancements, technology modernization, end user services, fulfillment of all contract terms and requirements and continuous improvement.


The Project Manager (PM) will oversee several aspects of the project including managing and leading a team. The project requires the development and management of small short-term projects based on customer needs. The PM must work with the team to analyze new and complex project-related problems and identify innovative and practical solutions. The PM will develop and manage project schedules, reports, client meetings and presentations, and the financial management of the project. The PM may be asked to develop short-range plans for systems’ enhancements development, systems maintenance, and production activities for necessary support resources.

The PM is responsible for client management and relationship building, team management and coaching, overseeing the team’s software development lifecycle, operations and maintenance in a multi-system environment, leadership for multiples projects/schedules, and subcontractors. The PM serves as a liaison between clients, other stakeholders and the Maximus. Overall, the ideal candidate will lead with the following primary project components:

Legacy system SDLC and operations and maintenanceDate Center OperationsOutreach and Help Desk OperationsData Management and SharingSystems Modernization (e.g., COBOL to Java; Mainframe to Cloud)
Essential Job Duties:
Project(s) financial management and adherence to Maximus targets
Leadership oversight for project schedules, adherence to performance metrics, overall achievement of outcomes, results and deliverables to support the business in delivering the contract requirements.
Ensure consistency and compliance with all company and program business rules as well as performance standardsClient relationship management. Know and understand the client’s environment that enables the team to successfully deliver the client’s needs.
Promote effective partnerships in a multi-contractor environmentLead and champion systems modernization while maintaining the legacy systemsFacilitate effective data management and data sharing across a large stakeholder baseProvide responsive customer service through the program help deskMaintain system security and data confidentiality standardsOversight for the continuity of operations as part of maintenance approach and modernization strategyOversee the quality and timeliness of contractually-required reports and deliverablesParticipate with project and executive management to establish strategic plans, objectives, initiatives, and work plansDevelop performance goals and objectives for senior managers. Work with program manager to develop performance goals for staff and monitor the achievement of those goals.
Identify any potential problem areas, recommend solutions, and work closely and cooperatively with the client to resolve issues quickly and fairlyProvide direction to team members and resolves problems in a timely and professional mannerFacilitate communication on project status, to include applicable corrective and preventive actions to leadershipFollow processes and operational policies to ensure project budgets and related financial schedules meet corporate requirementsOversee Subcontractor performance, provide status reports and assessments internallyDevelop, modify and execute project policies, ensuring all project team members are in complianceChampions risk and issue management, and participates in mitigation and contingency actions to address the risksPerform other duties as assigned by the program managerLead and manage the prioritization of changes and continuous improvement
Education and Experience Requirements
Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college or university required; Master's Degree preferredPMI Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification requiredAt least seven (7) years of related work experience requiredAt least five (5) to ten (7) years’ experience with managing and leading Federal projects
Knowledge of Application Operations and Maintenance and ITSM practices and principlesKnowledge of Federal contracting processDemonstrated ability to successfully manage teams serving different functionsBroad applied knowledge and experience with methods and standards of IT application development and program service deliveryDeep knowledge of and expertise in applying project management methodology, tools and techniques, software development methods and approaches and operational service delivery methods and practicesExpert working knowledge of and expertise in risk management and governance, configuration management, disaster recovery and quality assuranceBroad knowledge of IT and competency profiles for effective team mobilization and resource assignment for projectsExpertise in working with subcontractors to meet contract goals and objectivesStrong communication and negotiation skills including the ability to negotiate priorities, resources, etc.
Experience with dispersed multi-location teams (including subcontractors)Experience managing an operations and/or development program with an annual contract value above $20 Million requiredExperience with Earned Value Management, requiredExperience with a diverse set of stakeholders and stakeholder management including multiple office, entities (including other contractors) within the sponsoring agency, states, other federal agencies and other stakeholdersExcellent organizational, written, and verbal communication skillsAbility to perform comfortably in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented work environmentAbility to work as a team member, as well as independently
Preferred Experience:
Experience managing large projects following a traditional/waterfall SDLC methodology, preferredExperience with IBM Mainframe operations preferred
Experience with Mainframe modernization preferredExperience with HHS’ Enterprise Performance Life Cycle (EPLC) preferredExperience with Agile development methodologies (such as SAFe, Scrum) preferredExperience with CMMI and other Quality frameworks preferredExperience with ITIL Certification preferred
Â Job Summary:

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Manage multiple development projects, development groups and/or application support functions.
- Oversee the development and implementation of multiple, complex, organization- wide systems.
Define and manage resource requirements and allocations.Develop and implement application programs.Manage operational leads on addressing issues relative to production and processing.Direct, motivate and develop staff, maximizing their individual contribution, professional growth and ability to function effectively with their colleagues as a team.
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's degree with 7+ years of project management experience.Delivers multiple small and large projects with high values and high risk.Provides leadership for the project team to ensure that the project is delivered to specifications, on time and within budget.Develops innovative methodologies, techniques, and criteria for projects.Advanced knowledge of workflows and project mapping.Facilitates the tracking and resolution of issues impacting projects.
Project/Position Introduction (MAX 500 Characters): Since 1975, Maximus has operated under its founding mission of Helping Government Serve the People, enabling citizens around the globe to successfully engage with their governments at all levels and across a variety of health and human services programs. Maximus delivers innovative business process management and technology solutions that contribute to improved outcomes for citizens and higher levels of productivity, accuracy, accountability and efficiency of government-sponsored programs. With more than 30,000 employees worldwide, Maximus is a proud partner to government agencies in the United States, Australia, Canada, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. For more information, visit https://www.maximus.com. EEO Statement: EEO Statement: Active military service members, their spouses, and veteran candidates often embody the core competencies Maximus deems essential, and bring a resiliency and dependability that greatly enhances our workforce. We recognize your unique skills and experiences, and want to provide you with a career path that allows you to continue making a difference for our country. We’re proud of our connections to organizations dedicated to serving veterans and their families. If you are transitioning from military to civilian life, have prior service, are a retired veteran or a member of the National Guard or Reserves, or a spouse of an active military service member, we have challenging and rewarding career opportunities available for you. A committed and diverse workforce is our most important resource. Maximus is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Maximus provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disabled status."	480	Washington
Program Mgr III - EPMO	City National Bank	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"PROGRAM MGR III EPMO
WHAT IS THE OPPORTUNITY?
The EPMO function is responsible for the management of major programs across the bank. This position is responsible for the planning, implementation and successful delivery of one or more key programs, leading project teams and Project Managers that are each responsible for elements therein. This includes architecting program or project structures, plans to enable fulfillment an articulated business strategy and managing large program budgets. The EPMO Program Manager will also need to be able to quickly assess the health of the portfolio and make recommendations to improve delivery capability. They will manage end-to-end complex cross-line of business impacting change initiatives in alignment with CNB's Enterprise Change Management Framework. This includes all phases of program delivery from idea generation, business case development, planning, execution and transition to BAU. They will challenge/review program status in partnership with business and technology stakeholders to ensure sound risk and issue management throughout the project lifecycle. Program elements may include areas such as organization structure, processes, operational support and technology. Role will be instrumental in driving and tracking program activities, negotiating changes in plans and effective communication with all stakeholders and senior management. Success of program outcomes will be measured by the implementation and fulfillment of a strategy and realization of program's defined benefits and results.
﻿
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
Establish and drive delivery of program plan objectives, coordinating activities across multiple departments and projects to achieve program goals.
Define and establish program and governance structures to support successful delivery and manage program risk
Manage large complex programs and projects as needs dictate
Reviews and approves project plans for conformance to program strategy, program plan and schedule.
Leads and facilitates high-level meetings for program plan requirements and to develop schedules and milestone measurements.
Accountable to program stakeholders and senior management for schedule, budget, quality and outcome of all program elements.
Communication liaison with key stakeholders, coordinating and holding periodic briefings/status updates.
Create strategies for risk mitigation and contingency planning.
Understand cross-program dependencies
Provide guidance and leadership to a matrixed Program & Project Team.
Manage team of junior program / project managers.
Adhere to CNB Project Management Guidelines and delivery methodologies when applicable
Complies fully with all Bank Operational policies and procedures and completes all required training.
Division Specification
Residential Lending
Position may work in one or more of the following:
ECM (Enterprise Change Management) Roles:
Financial /Capacity Management (includes business case development, cost-benefit analysis, financial planning, managing project and program level costs/burn rates and resource/capacity planning) Responsibilities include financial oversight for strategic programs to drive decision making and track benefits realization for CNB;
PMO Tooling (includes configuration and reporting for project portfolio management and risk management – tracking against KPIs/KRIs, executive reporting) Responsibilities include delivery of strategic tooling capabilities to support automated reporting and process adherence to enterprise change methodologies;
Quality Assurance (includes experience in testing and/or oversight functions to govern adherence to change policies, procedures and standards) Responsibilities include first Line of Defense evaluation of ECM process adherence, quality and standards reviews and planned results. Goal is to promote continuous improvement and reduce defects;
Ability to lead organizational change – across multiple lines of business; including ability to build strong business partner relationships, training, communications and process redesign experience Supports the development and integration of change management processes, procedures and methodologies (supporting both agile and waterfall lifecycles);
Governance / Oversight (includes operationalization and oversight of Enterprise PMO functions to support programs/project teams in their change management execution Responsibilities include the establishment of measurable KPIs and KRIs to enable executive status reporting across the enterprise implementing, maintaining and continuously improving program /project management capabilities and reporting to support the Bank’s strategic goals.
Regulatory Roles:
Engages and partners with Risk/Compliance and LOB partners to meet regulatory commitments. Will be responsible for managing regulatory specific programs/projects.
Strategic Program Roles:
Position is a subject matter expert in User Experience / Change Management Skills in the following areas:
Client journey mapping: draw client journey maps highlighting key pain points and moments of truth
Client experience design: create target state vision for a streamlined, seamless client experience in financial services
Product ownership: experience working in agile development settings with business and technology stakeholders to create product roadmaps, prioritize features and define MVPs
Business requirements gathering: work with multiple stakeholders to identify and document business requirements
UX design: strong functional design sense and prototyping experience
Operations process redesign: redesign existing operations process to support target client experience
WHAT DO YOU NEED TO SUCCEED
Must-Have*
Bachelor's Degree
Minimum 7 years of experience in managing PMO functions and/or end-to-end complex change programs independently with multi-department/Line of Business impact.
Minimum 7 years banking/financial services and/or technology industry experience

Skills and Knowledge
Banking experience highly preferred
Management Consulting background highly preferred
PMP or Master’s Degree preferred.
Understands full project lifecycle, can assess impacts, including people, process and technology, manage scope/schedule/risks and deliver project results
Can drive organizational change and understands how to structure program governance and reporting at the portfolio level
Can think strategically and effectively manage relationships with business partners
Strong executive presentation skills and ability to influence business decisions in alignment with strategic goals/objectives
Experience with Commercial and Consumer lending highly preferred
Experience in structured analysis, strategy, problem-solving and critical thinking
Expert with the MS Office Suite with a focused ability to create concise and compelling presentations (Project Plans in MS Project, Presentations in PowerPoint, Word, Excel, etc).
Must have strong business savvy with good diplomacy skills in order to influence and be effective with senior executives.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Exceptional leadership, coaching and negotiation skills.
Scheduling and budgeting experience.
Demonstrated ability to problem solve and exercise solid judgment
Demonstrated ability to communicate with highly technical as well as functional partners
Must be extremely knowledgeable with bank-wide strategic plans and direction.
Must be extremely knowledgeable in all aspects of project methodology, various project management tools and techniques across all program and project activities
Knowledge or experience in the implementation and/or support of applications and/or infrastructure environments within a technology organization a plus
To be considered for this position you must meet at least these basic qualifications
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.
INCLUSION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYMENT
City National Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other basis protected by law.
ABOUT CITY NATIONAL
We start with a basic premise: Business is personal. Since day one we've always gone further than the competition to help our clients, colleagues and community flourish. City National Bank was founded in 1954 by entrepreneurs for entrepreneurs and that legacy of integrity, community and unparalleled client relationships continues to drive phenomenal growth today. City National is a subsidiary of Royal Bank of Canada, one of North America’s leading diversified financial services companies.

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled"	480	Washington
Management Analyst III (SUB-I)	Sentek Global	Washington, DC	None	The Team::At Sentek Global, we are always looking for highly motivated professionals, bold innovators and top industry talent. Headquartered in beautiful San Diego with worldwide capabilities and opportunities, Sentek Global is on the cutting edge in Department of Defense and commercial consulting. We’re shifting the paradigm in cybersecurity solutions, IT support, software development, engineering and sales. Not only are we looking for top talent, we’re looking for passionate contributors who will be inspired by a culture where innovation thrives.If you are interested in joining a team of collaborators, leaders, visionaries and problem-solvers, contact us today at talent@sentekglobal.com.The Role::Reporting to the MITS Account Manager, the* Management Analyst III (SUB-I)* will support NAVSEA, Team Submarine, and Team Sub International Programs (SUB-I). This position is located at the Washington Navy Yard (WNY) in Washington, DC. Our team provides Program Management, Financial Management, Engineering, Logistics, and Foreign Military Sales (FMS) professional support services to the Team Submarine organization.What You'll Do::Provide support to NAVSEA, Team Submarine, and Team Sub International Programs (SUB-I).Provide overall Program Management of various Team Submarine Acquisition and Sustainment programs.Support acquisition documentation and financial management tracking of program documents.Provide Program Management, Stakeholder Communications, Schedule Coordination, and other organizing functions as required.FMS Case Manager for SUB-I. Coordinates all FMS cases within SUB-I.Bid and Proposal support if requested.Other duties as assigned.What We're Looking For::Required Qualifications: An active secret clearance is required to be considered for this position.A bachelor's degree in a business or technical field is required.Ten (10) or more years experience in engineering/science management, operations research analysis, financial/cost analysis, or a relevant field is required.Possesses analytical and problem-solving skills for both technical and business-related matters.Experience with DoD / Navy program management, Government technical management, or Industry business management.Knowledge of NAVSEA / Navy organization, stakeholders, and policies.Exhibit effective listening skills and communication skills.Foster cooperation among individuals.Establish and model high standards of performance.Exceptional organization skills with high attention to detail.Advanced time management and analytical skills.Exceptional customer service experience.Excellent written and oral communication.Strong organizational skills.Advanced Microsoft Office Skills, with an ability to become familiar with firm-specific programs and software.Desired Qualifications: Ten (10) or more years of experience with Navy acquisition and/or In-Service Programs is desired.Five (5) or more years of experience working with International/Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Programs, Foreign Disclosure, and Export Control.Experience leading a project and interfacing with an end item customer.Sentek Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Job Type: Full-time	480	Washington
Cybersecurity Program Manager, Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Do you love leading a project as it develops from concept to completion? Do you have the attention to detail needed to catch issues and course correct? With deliverables on the horizon and a budget to keep in check, project teams need leadership with vision and focus. That’s why we need you, a Cyber Program Manager with the skills and experience to lead our cybersecurity project from beginning to end – on-time and in budget.
As a cybersecurity program manager on our team, you’ll work with cybersecurity and internal professionals to plan, monitor, and report on our work. You will manage a large cybersecurity program in a fast-paced and dynamic client site environment and take charge of cyber tasks in government facilities, including full life cycle Risk Management Framework (RMF), vulnerability management, inspections, governance, and training for a large DoD client. On a daily basis, you will apply program management techniques to ensure the on-time, high-quality delivery of cyber products and ensure their compliance with all contract requirements. You will also work with the client to shape activities under contract in concert with the statement of work, organizational strategic plans, and its associated goals and objectives. You will coach, mentor, and lead staff with diverse skillsets and backgrounds, and grow future leaders. You will also analyze the budget and facilitate contracting actions and work closely with the client to ensure projects meet delivery, quality, and schedule goals supporting organization-wide technical programs and strategic initiatives. Your team will look to you for day to day leadership as they navigate requirements, budget constraints, and staffing challenges. Senior leaders will rely on you for the pulse of the project through regular status briefs, and you will brief leaders in both the Firm and DoD.
Empower change with us.
You Have:10+ years of experience with DoD program management for cyber programs across the acquisition life cycle, including cost, schedule, and performance in the DoD or Intelligence CommunityExperience with managing multiple projects, including adjusting to shifting priorities and solving problems quicklyExperience with managing project teams, including direct responsibility for people developmentExperience with leading transformation initiatives in large organizationsExperience with using Microsoft ProjectAbility to multi-task in a fast-paced environmentTop Secret clearanceBA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:Experience with leading business development activities, including writing proposalsPossession of excellent verbal and written communication skillsTS/SCI clearanceBA or BS degree in Cybersecurity, IT, or a related fieldProject Management Professional (PMP) or another Project Management CertificationITIL Foundations CertificationDoD IAM Level III Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	480	Washington
Power Platform Application Developer (Programmer Analyst III)	Fairfax County Government	Fairfax, VA 22035	$75,516 - $125,861 a year	"This job opportunity is being re-announced. Applicants who previously applied for this job do not need to re-apply; all applications will be considered.

Works as part of the county’s enterprise wide D365 deployment implementation team. As part of a development technology team, the CRM Solutions Developer is part of an agile development team, working on the deployment, customization, and integration of Microsoft Dynamics CRM in the enterprise. This individual will be involved in portions of the full systems life cycle (based on experience/skills) and is responsible for designing, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining, and supporting application software that is delivered on time and within budget. Handles complex problems independently and demonstrates analytical thinking and can make judgments and recommendations based on the analysis and interpretation of data.

Works with clients to understand business requirements throughout the project lifecycle from requirements gathering to final delivery including working with other county disciplines as required to ensure a successful technical delivery of Power Platform D365 solutions to support the business needs of county agencies. This also requires the ability to design and validate the technical architecture for a solution, determine whether you can meet requirements with out of box functionality, determine to use Logic Apps vs Power automate flows, determine when to use plug-ins, and connectors.
Employment Standards
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Any combination of education, experience, and training equivalent to the following:
(Click on the aforementioned link to learn how Fairfax County interprets equivalencies for ""Any combination, experience, and training equivalent to"")
Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a degree in Information Systems, Computer Technology, Business, Economics, or related field, plus three years programming/analysis experience in a complex information systems environment.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
At least 3 years of related experience in developing Power Platform Dynamics 365 solutions.
Experience configuring, and implementation of Power Apps, Power Automate, portals, and other CRM integration solution components, architecture, infrastructure, and tools. In addition, have strong hands-on development experience using App and Solution Checker, API connectors, Portal and CDS integration and perform data migrations using Kingswaysoft and Dynamics 365 Configuration manager.
Ability to develop technical specifications, conduct code reviews, diagnose, repair, resolve application problems, and automate/manage solutions.
Microsoft Power Platform Developer Associate certification is preferred, but not required.
NECESSARY SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:
The appointee to this position will be required to complete a criminal background check to the satisfaction of the employer.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Work is generally sedentary, performed in a normal office environment. All duties performed with or without reasonable accommodations.

SELECTION PROCEDURE:
Panel interview and may include exercise.
This position is listed as ""open continuous"". Interested applicants are advised to submit their applications as soon as possible. Applications will be reviewed, and qualified applicants referred on a continuous basis. Interviews will be conducted on a regular basis throughout the recruitment with candidates whose qualifications best fit our needs. If your application is received later in the recruitment process, it may not be reviewed or considered. The application process will close when the position(s) have been filled or when a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received.
Fairfax County Government prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics, political affiliation, or status as a veteran in the recruitment, selection, and hiring of its workforce.

Reasonable accommodations are available to persons with disabilities during application and/or interview processes per the Americans with Disabilities Act. Contact 703-324-4900 for assistance. TTY 703-222-7314. EEO/AA/TTY."	480	Washington
Acquisition Program Manager	Acquisition Experts, LLC	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Company Overview
Join our team and lend your skills and experience to help our clients resolve their acquisition and contracting challenges! Acquisition Experts LLC is a growing small business focused on supporting the federal government and commercial clients with professional services in the areas of procurement, logistics and program management. We need more people who are energized by lending their talents to creating positive change. Every day is a new opportunity for growth and fulfillment at Acquisition Experts.
Job Summary
We are seeking a full-time Program Manager to lead our proposed team to support a federal government agency in Ft. Belvoir, VA. The ideal candidate will provide guidance and leadership to a small team of other acquisition professionals in delivering results along the acquisition lifecycle.
Anticipate Start Date is August 2021
Responsibilities and Duties
Oversee the performance of a team of six professionals across the acquisition lifecycle.
Serve as the on-site point of contact to ensure performance goals and standards are met.
Perform as a consultant on source selection boards.
Provide consultation to program and project management office on contracting issues.
Assist in the development of, and participate in training Acquisition Staff or other stakeholders on acquisition regulations, processes, or procedures.
Qualifications and Skills
Masters’s Degree. (Business administration, contracting, public administration, or some other related field of study).
At least 10 years of federal government contracting experience as a warranted contract officer or contract specialist, of which two (2) years performing procurement policy duties.
Contracting Certification, Level III - DAWIA or equivalent.
Strong interpersonal (verbal and written) communication skills.
Ability to tactfully shift between projects while awaiting inputs from other projects.
Strong work ethic: punctual, reliable and a customer service orientation.
Benefits and Perks
Excellent Pay (commensurate with experience)
Health Insurance
Dental and Vision Insurance
Long-term and Short-term Disability Insurance
Retirement Plan
Bonus Program
Direct Deposit
Acquisition Experts, LLC employ people from diverse places, with varied experiences and world views. It is through these differences we come together to assist our clients in achieving their business goals. Acquisition Experts employees and consultants have opportunities to make immediate and positive impact in supporting our clients. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
K0nYp6Czd3"	480	Washington
Management and Program Analyst	US National Telecommunications and Information Adm...	Reston, VA 20191 (Hattontown area)	$103,690 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is with the First Responder Network Authority (FirstNet Authority), an independent authority within the National Telecommunications and Information Administration. Authorized by Congress in 2012, The FirstNet Authority's mission is to develop, build and operate the nationwide, broadband network that equips first responders with the necessary communications to save lives and protect U.S. communities. Come join the FirstNet Authority team and make a difference in public safety.
Responsibilities
The position is located within the FirstNet Authority Office of the Executive Director. The incumbent serves as a Special Assistant for the Deputy Executive Director and is responsible for advising management on program and operational effectiveness and for driving improvements in efficiency and productivity for a variety of administrative services, functions, and programs.

Duties performed:

Develop, design, and oversee administrative operations of the office.
Develop and deliver briefings to senior management regarding the Deputy Executive Director's operations, objectives, goals, and accomplishments.
Prepare, review, and edit information papers, documents, and reports on analysis of management processes or programs.
Oversee internal management control systems and procedures to ensure Deputy Executive Director functions meet productivity and effectiveness goals in an effort to identify and eliminate weaknesses.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
4
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Administrative Assistants, Executive
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Assistants, Executive
Executive Administrative Assistants
Executive Assistants
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. Citizen to apply.
You must be suitable for Federal employment.
You must be registered for Selective Service (www.sss.gov), if applicable.
You must successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a credit check, a review of financial issues, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs.
A probationary period may be required.
Time in grade requirements must be met.
If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application.
All Federal employees are required to have Federal salary payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their choosing.
Permanent Change of Duty Station (PCS) Expenses will not be paid.
Qualifications
Applicants must demonstrate that they meet the Minimum Qualification requirements as noted below.

Specialized Experience: ZA-IV: You qualify for the ZA-IV (GS-13/14 Equivalent) grade level if you possess one year of specialized experience, equivalent to the GS-12 grade level or ZA-III pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector performing all of the following:
Analyzing regulations or new guidance to assess current compliance for developing or revising policies accordingly;
Writing and editing reports for an executive level audience on organizational effectiveness, efficiency, performance objectives, or process improvement;
Delivering presentations to executive level audiences on organizational performance or process improvements.
(The contents of your resume MUST support your claim of specialize experience)

All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement. Qualification claims will be subject to verification.

Time-in-Grade Requirements: Under competitive merit promotion procedures, any individual who is currently holding, or who has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under a non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet ""time-in-grade"" requirements (have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade of the grade for which you are applying). Time-In-Grade requirements also apply to current employees applying for a Veterans Employment Opportunities Act of 1998 (VEOA) appointment. NOTE: All current or former Federal employees must provide a copy of their SF-50 (you may need to submit more than one), ""Notice of Personnel Action"" that indicates proof of status and time-in-grade eligibility. The SF-50 must include your position, title, series, grade, step, tenure (1 or 2), and type of service (Competitive or Excepted).

NOTE: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Applicants must meet ALL application requirements, to include a complete online resume, by 11:59 p.m. EASTERN TIME ZONE (ETZ) on the closing date of this announcement. Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement. Qualification requirements in the vacancy announcements are based on the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards Handbook, which contains federal qualification standards. This handbook is available on the Office of Personnel Management's website located at www.opm.gov/qualifications
Education
Education may not be used or combined to qualify for this position.
Additional information
Promotion Potential: This position is at the full performance level.

Background Investigation: To ensure the accomplishment of its mission, the Department of Commerce requires each and every employee to be reliable and trustworthy. To meet those standards, all selected applicants must undergo and successfully complete a background investigation for a clearance as a condition of placement in this Low Risk position. This review includes financial issues such as delinquency in the payment of debts, child support and/or tax obligations, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs.

Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA): To be eligible for a VEOA appointment, the veteran must 1) be a preference eligible; or 2) be a veteran separated after 3 or more years of continuous active service performed under honorable conditions (you must submit a DD214-member copy 4).

Current or Former Political Appointees: The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.

The Department of Commerce provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the Human Resources Office. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis. TTY users can contact the Human Resources Office via the Federal Relay Service, 1-800-877-8339.

The physical worksite for this position is located in Reston, VA. However, the FirstNet Authority is currently under a maximum telework posture due to the COVID-19 pandemic; therefore, this position is currently under a 100 percent telework schedule. The position's telework schedule will likely change in the future when the FirstNet Authority moves away from its maximum telework posture. At that time, the incumbent will be expected to report to the physical work site in accordance with the updated status requirements of their supervisor. The nature and scope of future telework opportunities will be subject to the unit's telework policy, any applicable bargaining unit agreements, and supervisory approval. Payment of relocation expenses, as applicable, will be paid in accordance with this Job Opportunity Announcement. Non-compliance with the supervisor's telework-schedule requirement could result in adverse action, including separation.

Salary: Commerce Alternative Personnel System (CAPS) pay tables may be found under Salaries & Wages.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to determine if you meet the minimum qualifications for the position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions). However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. The best qualified candidates will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview.

The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies; please do not provide a separate written response.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSA): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:

Administration and Management
Oral Communication
Project Management
Written Communication

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you must submit a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Your resume showing a detailed description of your job-related qualifications that includes beginning and ending dates with the month and year and hours worked per week (if less than 40) for each paid and non-paid work experience job title listed.

2. Other supporting documents (only submit if applicable to you):

Are you claiming veterans' preference? Submit Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 or other (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty) or notice form. Those applying for 10-Point preference must fill out the SF-15 and provide an official document dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs or from a branch of the Armed Forces, and/or any other associated documentation based on your preference. If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions.
Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP/CTAP)? If so, submit:
A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for failure to relocate, notice of disability annuity termination, or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement;
A copy of your SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'', documenting your RIF separation, noting your positions, grade level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc.;
A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and
Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.
Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent political appointment:
Position title;
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee);
Agency; and
Beginning and ending dates of appointment.
Are you a current or former federal employee?
A copy of your latest SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'' documenting your pay plan, series and grade.
Career Transition Assistance Program: This program applies to Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed, or employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet eligibility criteria for CTAP or ICTAP; 2) will be eligible if it is determined that they have exceeded the minimum qualifications for the position by attaining at least a rating of 85 out of 100; and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your CTAP or ICTAP eligibility. Well-Qualified includes those applicants whose knowledge, skills, and abilities clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position. For information on eligibility criteria and required documentation, go to: http://www.opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp

You will be required to submit official documentation prior to appointment. The agency will then verify the information provided on your application (i.e., degree, veterans' preference, disability, etc.).

AGENCY CONTACT INFORMATION:

Philadelphia Services Branch
philadelphia@opm.gov
215-861-3074

Agency Information:
First Responder Network Authority
National Telecommunications and Information Administration
Department of Commerce
12201 Sunrise Valley Drive
RestonVirginia20192
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Status Candidates (this includes current or former Federal employees with career or career-conditional tenure in the competitive service; Former Overseas Employees, CTAP, ICTAP, VEOA, 30% or More Disabled Veterans, Schedule A, Military Spouses, Americorps, Peace Corps, Vista and Interchange Agreement Eligibles)"	480	Washington
Program Life Cycle Logistics Manager	NCI Information Systems Inc.	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Overview:

For more than 30 years, NCI Information Systems has been a leading provider of digital transformation solutions and services to U.S. government agencies. With its NCI Empower™ Platform, NCI is at the forefront of implementing artificial intelligence (AI) solutions to solve the government’s most complex mission challenges. Headquartered in Reston, Va., NCI is accelerating public sector AI adoption to create a government workforce that is exponentially more creative and productive. For more information, visit www.nciinc.com.
Responsibilities:

NCI: As a Sr. Life Cycle Logistics Management Analyst, you will support Product Manager Soldier Precision Targeting Devices (PdM SPTD) programs within PEO Soldier at Fort Belvoir, VA. You will have an opportunity to develop and execute strategic plans and policy, determines requirements and needs, investigates and resolves problems, interfaces with other functions and outside personnel, assists in the preparation and execution of logistic product management. In assuming this position, you will be a critical contributor to meeting NCI's mission: To deliver innovative, cost-effective solutions and services that enable our customers to rapidly adapt to dynamic environments.
Highlights of Responsibilities:
Integrates and plans for the 12 Integrated Product Support Elements (IPSE) in all phases of the sustainment and acquisition processes.
Interfaces with ASAALT, AMC, LCMC, PEO Soldier, ATEC, AEC, CASCOM, MCOE, and other PEOs and PM on logistics requirements.
Establishes and assists in the planning, developing, coordinating, defending and executing all aspects of the PEO/PMs’ Life Cycle Logistics support under the processes of DoD acquisition and sustainment.
Produces acquisition logistics documentation in support of the PEO/PMs products.
Performs and develops plans and projects, determines needs, investigates and resolves problems, interfaces with other functions and stakeholders, prepares capital assets and operating requests, and manages functional areas.
Assists in logistics automation using enterprise planning tools (GCSS-Army, DPAS, LMP, and etc.) for acquisition and sustainment operations
Directs the activities of a group of applicable stakeholders in order to conduct focused strategic plans
Qualifications:

Requirements:
Security Clearance: SECRET
Must be well versed in DAWIA practices.
Must have experience with creating and maintaining Acquisition Documentation.
Must have DOD 5000 acquisition experience.
Possess knowledge and experience in the areas of Federal acquisition, program or project management.
Bachelor’s Degree and greater than 10 years of relevant experience.
Equivalent of DAWIA Certification Level III for Life Cycle Logistics.
Thorough understanding of Life Cycle Logistics regulations and policies including DoD 5000 series, AR 70-1, AR 700-127, and AR 700-142.
Competency in communication, leadership, team management, risk management, and logistics automated systems.
 Physical Requirements:
 This position requires the ability to perform the below essential functions:
Sitting for long periods
Standing for long periods
Ambulate throughout an office
Ambulate between several buildings
Stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as required
Travel by land or air transportation 25%
It is the policy of NCI to provide equal opportunity in recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting individuals in all job categories without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected class or category as may be defined by federal, state, or local laws or regulations. In addition, we affirm that all compensation, benefits, company-sponsored training, educational assistance, social, and recreational programs are administered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. It is our firm intent to support equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in keeping with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. NCI is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor."	480	Washington
Cybersecurity Project Manager	OBXtek Inc.	Lanham, MD	None	Responsibilities: OBXtek is currently looking for a Cybersecurity Project Manager who will manage projects with the IRS in Lanham, Maryland.The general work will include tracking incident response and reporting, security assessments, vulnerability scans and assessments, malware analysis, network forensics. vulnerability management, and security patches.In addition, there will be continuous monitoring of the performance on this contract to provide government customer with a timely assessment, per the Order Service Level Agreements (SLAs), of program progress, risks, issues, and proposed resolutions.*Duties: *Oversees operation and performance of Security Operations Center (SOC).Manages cybersecurity services to protect IT infrastructure and resources, information systems, and the information used in these environments from cybersecurity threats.Oversees daily business of the SOC, which includes threat monitoring and analysis, incident response, vulnerability management, along with various other activities across on-premises and cloud-based infrastructure systems, applications, and data.Directs the deployment and operation of cybersecurity toolsOversees network security measures and oversees vulnerability management program.Implements solutions to automate security compliance of systems.Oversees security incident detection activities.Oversee the preparation and maintenance of security architecture documents that establish the operational, system and technical views of the security architecture.Support the identification of weak points or coverage gaps in the system architecture and provide recommendations for strengthening or mitigating them.Provide engineering and project support for security event information management and intrusion detection/intrusion prevention.Manage detailed assessments of the defensive posture of the network environment.Oversee the performance of vulnerability scans in support of FISMA requirements and manage the analysis of vulnerabilities of systems.Track program and project milestones and metrics.Create program, project, tool, and system documentation.Support briefings, meetings and communicate recommendations and contract status.Manage the scope, schedule, and resource allocation for projects and sustaining activities.Support development of policies, strategies, and communications relative to cybersecurity.Gather and report on security metrics that demonstrate the relative cost/benefit of the security operations and other cybersecurity initiatives.Qualifications: Active Top Secret Clearance12 years of experience on federal government IT projects.5 years of experience managing IT security projects and programsExperience executing risk, financial, resource and staffing managementExperience in resolving issues and scheduling conflicts and solving complex problemsExcellent listening skills and communication skills include oral, written, and formal presentationsEducation/CertificationBachelor's DegreeProject Management Professional (PMP) Certification requiredCompany Information: Headquartered in McLean, Virginia and founded in 2009, OBXtek is a fast-growing leader in the government contracting field. Our mission is Our People…Our Reputation. Our people are trained professionals who enhance our customers’ knowledge and innovation using technology, collaboration, and education.We offer a robust suite of benefits including comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, matching 401K, paid time off, tuition reimbursement plans and much more.As a prime contractor for 93% of our current work, OBXtek pairs lessons learned across disciplines with industry standard quality practices such as CMMI-Dev Level III, ITIL, 6Sigma, PMI, and ISO. Our rapid growth has been recognized by INC500, the Washington Business Journal, and Washington Technology magazine.*OBXtek is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation or any other classification protected by federal, state or local law.*Job Type: Full-time	480	Washington
Supervisory Procurement Analyst	US National Nuclear Security Administration	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $183,300 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located at the Department of Energy (DOE), National Security Nuclear Administration (NNSA), in the Associate Administrator for Acquisition & Project Management (APM), in Washington, D.C.


The incumbent will direct and implement changes to meet evolving and changing goals and expectations for the policy and oversight for NNSA M&O contracting.

Responsibilities
Serve as the first level Supervisor with substantial independence and authority who exercises both technical and administrative direction of federal employees on a substantially full-time basis.
Serve as lead expert providing guidance and support to senior Agency officials regarding assigned acquisition policy areas.
Representing the NNSA Senior Procurement Executive (SPE) interacting with high level officials within the Department of Energy, NNSA, the Office of Inspector General, General Accountability Office, Office of Management and Budget.
Develop and promulgates acquisition related directives that bring about significant acquisition reform impacting the entire Agency, Department, or Federal Government.
Leading significant acquisition initiatives exercising independent discretion in devising creative solutions to satisfying mission needs through contractual means while ensuring program compliance with applicable rules and regulations.
Travel Required
25% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
4
Job family (Series)
1102 Contracting
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. Citizen or National.
Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit https://www.e-verify.gov/
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be Selective Service registered or exempt.
Suitable for Federal employment, as determined by a background investigation.
Direct Deposit: Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution.
Compliance with Homeland Security Presidential Directive (HSPD-12) governing personal identity which will require that you provide two forms of identification.
May require successful completion of a one year probationary period.
Must pass a pre-employment drug test. Subject to random drug testing.
Qualifications
Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date of the announcement including specialized experience and/or education, as defined below.

Must meet level III DOE, DOD, or FAC-C requirements or must be at least level II certified in contracting and be able to obtain level III DOE contracting certification within 18 months of placement in the Pay Band 04.

In addition to the basic requirements, applicants must meet the specialized experience below.

A qualified candidate's online application and resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower NNSA Demonstration Project pay band or GS grade level in the Federal service i.e. (NN-03/NQ-03 or GS-14). Specialized experience is defined as:
Experience in providing oversight to contracting officers and contract specialists in contract award, contract administration, and contract closeout of large ($100 million plus), complex contracts in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation; OR
Experience in rulemaking, creating, revising or promulgating regulations that have an impact on acquisition reform at the Federal or Agency level.

For more information on the qualifications for this position: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1100/contracting-series-1102/

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
Basic Requirements
Completion of all mandatory training prescribed by the head of the agency for progression to GS-13 or higher level contracting positions, including at least 4-years experience in contracting or related positions. At least 1 year of that experience must have been specialized experience at or equivalent to work at the next lower level of the position, and must have provided the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the work of the position.
and
A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree, that included or was supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods, or organization and management.
Exceptions: Employees in GS-1102 positions will be considered to have met the standard for positions they occupy on January 1, 2000. This also applies to positions at the same grade in the same agency or other agencies if the specialized experience requirements are met. However, they will have to meet the basic requirements and specialized experience requirements in order to qualify for promotion to a higher grade, unless granted a waiver under Paragraph D.
Waiver: When filling a specific vacant position, the senior procurement executive of the selecting agency, at his or her discretion, may waive any or all of the requirements of Paragraphs A and B above if the senior procurement executive certifies that the applicant possesses significant potential for advancement to levels of greater responsibility and authority, based on demonstrated analytical and decision making capabilities, job performance, and qualifying experience. With respect to each waiver granted under this Paragraph D, the senior procurement executive must document for the record the basis of the waiver. If an individual is placed in a position in an agency on the basis of a waiver, the agency may later reassign that individual to another position at the same grade within that agency without additional waiver action.
Additional information
The U.S. Department of Energy fosters a diverse and inclusive workplace and is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional similar vacancies across DOE.
For general information on government-wide Telework polices visit: www.telework.gov
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), Reemployment Priority List (RPL), or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): Visit the OPM website for information on how to apply as a CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP eligible. To exercise selection priority for this vacancy, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP candidates must meet the basic eligibility requirements and all selective factors. CTAP/ICTAP candidates must be rated and determined to be well qualified (or above) based on an evaluation of the competencies listed in the How You Will Be Evaluated section. When assessed through a score-based category rating method, CTAP/ICTAP applicants must receive a rating of at least 85 out of a possible 100.
Veterans who are preference eligible or who have been separated from the armed forces under honorable conditions after three years or more of continuous active service are eligible for consideration under the Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA).
For more information on applying under special hiring authorities such as 30 percent disabled veterans, certain military spouses, Schedule A Disabled, etc., explore the different Hiring Paths on the USAJOBS website.
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act (LMWFA) provides current or former temporary or term employees of federal land management agencies opportunity to compete for permanent competitive service positions. Individuals must have more than 24 months of service without a break between appointments of two or more years. Service must be in the competitive service and have been at a successful level of performance or better. Refer to PUBLIC LAW 114-47-AUG. 7, 2015 for more information.
If hired for this position, you may be required to submit a financial disclosure report within 30 days of the effective date of your appointment and annually thereafter.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as evidenced by the experience, education, and training you described in your application package, as well as the responses to the Assessment Questionnaire to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities and competencies listed below:

Contracting/Procurement, Customer Service, Decision Making, Interpersonal Skills, Leadership, Oral Communication, Writing

Your application, including the online Assessment Questionnaire, will be reviewed to determine if you meet (a) minimum qualification requirements and (b) the resume supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your resume must clearly support your responses to all the questions addressing experience and education relevant to this position. Applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements and are determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring manager for consideration. Noncompetitive candidates and applicants under some special hiring authorities need only meet minimum qualifications to be referred. Note: If after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities, or you may be found ineligible. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service.

Clicking the link below will present a preview of the application form; i.e. the online questionnaire. The application form link below will only provide a preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online application process, click the ""Apply"" button to the right.
To preview the Assessment Questionnaire, click https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11127898

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Q Access Authorization
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
High Risk (HR)
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.
Resume that includes:1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the major duties including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) other qualifications.
If education is required or being used to qualify, you must submit a copy of your college transcripts. An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application if it includes your name and the necessary course information; however, if you are selected, official transcripts will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been successfully obtained from an accredited school, college or university. If any education was completed at a foreign institute, you must submit with your application evidence that the institute was appropriately accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as equivalent to U.S. education standards. There are private organizations that specialize in this evaluation and a fee is normally associated with this service. For a list of private organizations that evaluate education, visit the NACES website. All transcripts must be in English or include an English translation.
Veteran Hiring Authorities: VEOA and 30% Disabled Veterans: DD214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, that shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions. If currently on active duty you must submit a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty service under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted. Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment.
If claiming 10-point veteran's preference you must provide the DD214 or certification requirements (see above bullet), plus the proof of entitlement of this preference as listed on the SF-15 Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. The SF-15 should be included but is not required. Failure to submit these documents could result in the determination that there is insufficient documentation to support your claim for 10-point preference.
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act: Copies of Notification of Personnel Action(s) (SF-50) showing the employee served in eligible appointment(s) for a period(s) of more than 24 mos w/o a break between appointments of 2+ years. Include initial hire actions, extensions, conversions and separation SF-50s for each period. Submit performance rating(s) showing acceptable performance for each period counted towards eligibility signed by supervisor(s). If documentation does not exist for one or more periods, submit a statement from supervisor(s) indicating acceptable performance. Applicants who do not have performance documentation for any period shall provide a reason why the documentation is not available and statement that performance for all periods was at an acceptable level.
Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities Appointment: Letter from a physician, local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5CFR213.3102(u).
Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5CFR330.
If claiming eligibility under a special hiring authority or an interchange agreement with another merit system not listed above, see the requirements for that authority and submit the required supporting documentation. Go to: USAJOBS Hiring Path for Special Authorities or Special Hiring Authority for more information.
Failure to submit any of the above mentioned required documents may result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Individuals with disabilities
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Veterans
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Clarification from the agency
Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP and VEOA eligibles; reinstatement eligibles; Individuals with Disabilities; certain military spouses; 30% or more disabled veterans; former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers; and those eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities."	480	Washington
Sales Manager II-III	Orano	Bethesda, MD	None	"Position title

Sales Manager II-III
Job description (external)

Job Description:
Orano USA is seeking a Sales Manager II-III for it's Bethesda, MD office. Under broad supervision of the VP, North American Mining, Conversion and Enrichment (NAMCES), the NAMCES Sales Manager II-III develops, proposes and secures business from an allocation of U.S. utility customer accounts; prepares and develops client-directed marketing plans and programs for goods and services that are consistent with business objectives for the Mining and Conversion/Enrichment Business Units (BU) for whom we sell; and contributes to the identification, definition and implementation of commercial strategy and new business models. solutions.
Major Duties and Responsibilities
The NAMCES Sales Manager II-III will perform a variety of tasks including but not limited to:
Relationship: Provides direct contact and maintains the corporate relationship with each of the Clients in the Sales Manager’s assigned portfolio, on behalf of the Business Units.
Client Strategy: Develops and maintains business strategies for individual utility clients and for the North American Region.
Internal Expert: Each Sales Manager will act as the “lead” for the internal interface and intelligence gathering for one of the following areas (Mining, Conversion, Enrichment, special projects and/or adjunct industry task forces, as may be necessary).
Assess: Evaluate Client needs and assesses commercial opportunities as they pertain to each product/service segment (MCE).
Proposals: Develops and recommends proposal terms and conditions for internal discussion with BU-designated specialists in order to secure management approvals of strategy and pricing.
Negotiations: Controls and manages interface with Clients and internal Orano commercial, legal and financial representatives during contract negotiations.
Sales Goals: Is responsible for achieving both Regional and Global MCES sales goals as defined annually.
Market Intelligence: Seeks out, obtains and shares accurate market intelligence, including Client and competitor’s activities.
Market Opportunities: Inquires to Clients’ planning and expectations for future requests for proposals (RFPs), forecasts, tracks and prepares market plans for each market opportunity. Also evaluates Orano’s ability to submit off-market or unsolicited proposals.
MCES/BU Strategy: Contributes to Reviews and supports product/service strategies.
Team Player: Cooperate with all members of the NAMCES and MCES commercial team in order to facilitate smooth interaction and team dynamics.
Contract Management: Provide guidance and support to the Manager of Contracts Administration with initial implementation and recording of each new contract’s terms and conditions. Maintain awareness of upcoming Client deliveries.
Affiliates: Contributes to and coordinates with BU parent and Orano affiliates, as appropriate.

Qualifications (external)

All candidates must meet the following minimum requirements in order to be considered for this opportunity.
BS in Engineering, Business Management or comparable degree, plus a minimum of 10 years of related work experience, including at least 5 years in the nuclear industry. An advanced degree (MS or MBA) may substitute for 1-2 years of related work experience.
Strong interpersonal skills
High integrity/professional behavior
Excellent written and verbal communications
Strong negotiating skills
Able to perform various financial analyses
Team player
International marketing experience
Willing to travel monthly –
a) primarily domestically to Client’s offices and industry conferences and
b) some international travel for internal meetings with colleagues, industry conferences and facility tours.
Versatile – needs to be able to manage and prioritize a variety of tasks.
Orano is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Job type

Regular/Permanent
Employment classification

Full-time Regular (REG) – 35-40 hrs/week
Shift

Day job
Additional job details
Schedule

Full time
Overtime status

Exempt
Relocation

No
Location of position
Job location

America / Caribbean / Canada, USA, Maryland
City

Bethesda, MD

Candidate criteria
Education level

Bachelor's Degree
Experience level

+10 Years
Travel

Yes, 15% of the time"	480	Washington
A&A Project Manager	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"
5+ years of Assessment and Authorization experience in a related industry (experience owning a program/product/feature, scoping requirements, planning milestones, project management and working with technical teams)
5+ years of familiarity with the processes and documentation required to articulate the appropriate system security products or services with stakeholder government customers to define a project scope, requirements, and deliverables.
1+ years experience architecting information systems for authorization under ICD 503 or DoD Risk Management Framework.
Current, active US Government Security Clearance at the TS/SCI level with Polygraph.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading cloud provider, providing virtual infrastructure, storage, networking, messaging, and many other services to customers all over the world. AWS runs a globally distributed environment, operating at massive levels of scale. Businesses, from start-ups to enterprises, run their operations and applications on AWS’s multi-tenant infrastructure. Governmental organizations are also looking to and depending on AWS for cloud solutions and services.

World Wide Public Sector is looking for an exceptional A&A Project Manager to support Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and audit activities for AWS services in our Federal Delivery Organization (FDO). The FDO is responsible for program management activities across a portfolio of Federal programs, and activities include managing multiple concurrent region expansion work packages, task orders, maintaining the program’s integrated master schedule, risk mitigation strategies, Assessment and Authorization activities, quality assurance and IV&V functions.

This position is based in the Annapolis Junction, MD. You will join a cadre of program management, technical business development, and information security professionals to establish a proactive, results-driven team focused on improving our ability to deliver new capabilities to our customers. As a A&A Project Manager on the A&A team, you will spend the majority of your time working with technical business leaders (such as hardware and software engineering leaders, and technical program managers) to develop and produce A&A related documentation to ensure efficient service onboarding.

The role requires working experience with the Risk Management Framework (RMF), System Security Plans (SSP), Security Control Traceability Matrices (SCTM), familiarity with the customer environment, and an understanding of existing AWS services. You will draw upon an information security background, critical thinking, and analytic problem solving skills to support A&A activities, recommend improvements as required, and effectively support the delivery of industry leading, secure services to our Federal customers.

Core Responsibilities include:
Coordinate amongst government customers to produce and implement system security packages across cloud infrastructure platforms.

Work across a wide variety of AWS teams to establish and maintain information security documentation, including security questionnaires, SSPs, and SCTMs.

Responsible for reviewing proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential system security risks, and resolving integration issues related to the implementation of new services with the existing cloud infrastructure.

Implement higher level system security requirements such as those resulting from laws, regulations, or government directives by developing long range plans for security systems that anticipate, identify, evaluate, mitigate, and minimize risks associated with cloud infrastructures’ vulnerabilities or perceived vulnerabilities.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

This position requires that the candidate selected be a US Citizen and obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph.

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.


DoD Manual 8570 IAM Level III certification
Solid foundation in service-oriented and web-service technologies
Experience designing and implementing systems using AWS
Familiarity with Information Security or Audit frameworks
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	480	Washington
Task Manager III	Peraton	Greenbelt, MD	None	"Peraton is a critical partner to the Intelligence Community, Department of Defense, and select federal agencies and commercial entities, providing innovative, reliable solutions to the nation’s most sensitive and mission-critical programs and systems. We are recognized as a trusted provider of highly differentiated space, intelligence, cyber, defense, homeland security, and communications capabilities.
Peraton is a mission integrator, focused on cyber tools development, secure network engineering, spectrum management, and delivering quick reaction solutions from the lab to the field. Our team partners with Defense agencies and the Intelligence Community on a variety of critical missions.
Peraton supports national security decision makers across all operational regimes of air, land sea, space and cyberspace. Our scientific discovery and research empower our employees and help our government keep America and our allies secure. We solve our nation’s toughest challenges by sharing our technical innovation and groundbreaking insights. All of this is possible due to the human insight and ingenuity of our most important asset, our employees.
We have an exciting opportunity for a Task Manager III to support our unique customer in Greenbelt, MD. This position requires an active Secret security clearance.
The purpose of this contract is to acquire engineering services for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for ground systems and mission operations support (GSMO-3) in all phases of a mission life cycle. The scope encompasses concept studies, design, development, integration, test, verification, operations, and sustainment of mission operations systems and subsystems, and operations processes and procedures.
Applies specialized knowledge of primary technical discipline, e.g., aerospace, mechanical, electrical, computer science to support research, planning, development, design, analysis, production, maintenance, and operation of devices, equipment, complex systems, or processes;
Design activities generally involve customer specifications, constraints, operating environments, and autonomous, unattended operation;
State-of-the-art product development activities may require modification and extension of existing methods and may require advanced techniques and/or tools.
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering (e.g. Aerospace, Electrical, Electronic, Optics, Mechanical);
At least 5 years of related experience;
Requires broad knowledge of several fields and extensive knowledge of own specialty Manages a segment of the organization's technical operations such as Satellite Operations, Software Systems, Logistics and Quality in compliance with established policies and procedures. Provides technical direction to staff and monitors performance to ensure compliance with contract. Participates in developing, interpreting, and implementing policies and procedures for the organization. Organizes project and task workloads and selects individuals most qualified for assignments on specific projects.
Ensures employee conformance to established practices and proper training of staff. Prepares reports and audits current procedures to monitor efficiency of operations.
Eligible for Secret Clearance
Desired Qualifications
Basic understanding of satellites and ground systems concepts through experience or education
Technical Documentation Skills
Oral and written presentation skills
Active Secret Clearance
Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the world’s leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the can’t be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law."	480	Washington
Project Engineer - Sorting Equipment	MBA CSI	Fairfax, VA 22031	$25 - $41 an hour	"MBA Consulting Services, Inc. (MBA) is a federal government IT systems integrator committed to delivering solutions that solve mission challenges with agility, experience, and innovation. As a mission-focused integrator, we provide a comprehensive range of information technology, engineering, professional services, and facilities management solutions. We have proven expertise in delivering custom data analytics, digital services, systems engineering, human factor engineering, and infrastructure solutions.MBA is headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia, has more than 350 employees, and is in 46 locations worldwide. With proven leadership and a 20-year heritage, our reputation has been forged by acquiring and developing the best talent in a values-driven culture of integrity, respect, and quality solutions.The Project Engineer III will support the Delivery and Mobile Technology organization within the US Government Client. The job requires an engineer to support new package sorting technologies. Will also be responsible for resolving issues associated with equipment performance challenges as well as those associated with the integration of mechanical, computer and electronic engineering disciplines.Essential Functions:Performs engineering design evaluations and works to complete projects within budget and scheduling restraintsReviews industry policies and procedures to ensure data accuracy, security, and regulatory complianceReviews reports of production, malfunction, and maintenance to determine or address problemsProvides technical support for the engineering process. Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular fieldRelies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goalsPerforms a variety of tasks. Works under general supervision; typically reports to a supervisor or managerWorks in a team environment, with internal US Government Client members, and Supplier resourcesA certain degree of creativity and latitude is requiredEducation and Experience:Bachelor's degree in area of specialty5-7 years of experience in the field or a related specialtyExperience using MS Office Suite software (Word, Excel, and Access) and specialized softwareWorks under immediate supervisionTypically reports to a managerAdditional Requirements:Candidate must be able to sit, stand and work at a computer for prolonged periodsStrong mathematical and analytical skillsAbility to work flexible hours when neededMust be able to pass a pre-employment background check & drug test""MBA CSi is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. Women, Minorities, Veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.”#INDHPJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $25.00 - $41.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"	480	Washington
Senior Information Technology Program Manager	CTEC Corp.	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$120,000 - $180,000 a year	Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 22 years. We are currently looking for a Senior Information Technology Program Manager to join our team.Duties and Responsibilities: · Plan, initiate and manage information technology (IT) projects. Lead and guide the work of technical staff. Serve as liaison between business and technical aspects of projects. Plan project stages and assess business implications for each stage. Monitor progress to assure deadlines, standards, and cost targets are met.· Possesses and applies comprehensive knowledge across key tasks and high-impact assignments. Plans and leads major technology assignments. Evaluates performance results and recommend major changes affecting short-term project growth and success. Functions as a technical expert across multiple project assignments. May supervise others.· The PM shall provide effective project management of all program activities to achieve the desired cost, schedule, and technical performance and maintain customer satisfaction. The PM completes tasks and provides the work products and deliverables based upon the agreed-upon schedule with the expected level of detail and quality. The Program Management approach should achieve the expected IRS business outcomes in accordance with business requirement needs and goals for the IRPD program and should deliver end-to-end operations, providing the IRS with the lowest risk solution.· The program management (contract level) functions shall include but not be limited to having a broad and progressive knowledge of the IT industry functions; business administration; contractual functions; human resources; and software development project management. This personnel solution shall also incorporate the coordination with all tasks under the direction of the Government Program/Project Manager.· The PM shall institute and maintain a management structure to respond to and negotiate a task and LOE. The PM shall also maintain access to resources that can be called upon to fulfill task requirements under this contract.Work Experience: · Minimum bachelors degree in applicable field· 10-15 years of relevant experience.Skills Requirement: The contractor will work on the following systems, hardware, and software:a) Business Objects Environment (BOE)b) Business Objects Enterprise Developmentc) ELCd) Web developmente) JAVA developmentf) SQL and Database developmentg) MongoDBh) JSON, XMLi) Microsoft Office Suitej) Microsoft Projectk) Microsoft Visiol) Oracle 11g/12cm) Rationale Suiten) SharePointo) CloudThe contractor shall also demonstrate specialized experience that includes expertise in these areas:a) Business Analysis disciplinesb) Process Re-engineering and flow developmentc) Project Management with Agile/Scrumd) Requirements Developmente) System Architecture in new and legacy products and systemsf) Transition Managementg) Systems, Data, Platform and Performance EngineeringClearance: · Public TrustThe above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position.Please note: Candidate(s) will be required to go through pre-employment screening.Cybermedia Technologies, Inc. is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer! (EOE; M/F/D/V)Job Type: Full-timePay: $120,000.00 - $180,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Scrum: 6 years (Preferred)Agile: 6 years (Preferred)IT project management: 10 years (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Security Clearance:Confidential (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	480	Washington
Senior Architectural Project Manager	The Onyx Group	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Old Town North area)	$86,000 - $120,000 a year	Senior Architect / Project Manager Senior Architect / Project ManagerAbout UsThe Onyx Group is an architectural, planning, and interiors firm locally based in Old Town Alexandria, Virginia. We have 35 years of experience serving a savvy client base of primarily federal projects and some state and commercial clients. With our large federal contracts, we are well insulated from economic recessions, which is a very attractive aspect to our staff. This is a great opportunity for a senior-level architect to work with a team in a studio environment that fosters continuous learning, effective problem-solving, professional development, and client satisfaction. We are looking for someone at an Architect III level (per AIA definition) who can work on a project team to solve design issues, provide concept design, design production, and construction administration services as well as provide facility condition assessments. We offer a very competitive salary and full benefits, including health, dental, vision, 401-K Plan, PTO, and reimbursement of professional development expenses.REQUIREMENTSProfessional degree (B.A. or M.A.) in ArchitectureLicensure in at least one jurisdiction with reciprocity via NCARB for licensure in other jurisdictions.Ten or more years of experience, licensed architect who plans and develops medium-to large-scope projects with many complexities, executes and coordinates projects, and may oversee a large staff of architects and technicians with minimal supervision.Ability to write proposals, derive fees, and write contracts for sub-consultants.Ability to develop a Project Budget based on Scope of Services, project fees, project schedule, and team structure.Evaluate a project's financial performance based on time expended relative to completion of project.Working knowledge in REVIT and AutoCADStrong architectural design skillsStrong technical skillsCurrent active security clearance or eligibility to obtain oneAbility and passion to mentor young staffAbility to travel for as long as 1 week at a timePREFERENCESAdditionally, for the design work, the ideal candidate would:have a minimum of 3 years of work experience on renovation projects. Experience in government projects is a plus.have good multi-tasking skills - be an ambitious self-starter.have federal government design experience.Be proficient in MS Word and Excel. (Experience with collaboration worksite, such as SharePoint is a plus)have working knowledge of SharePoint.IT skills a plusLEED Accredited ProfessionalJob Type: Full-timePay: $86,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:We require that all staff wear masks when occupying commonly shared areas like the office kitchen, corridors, lobby, and typically, open workstations (except when all staff in that workstation area are fully vaccinated.)Application Question(s):Are you able to travel within the continental United States for up to 3 business days at a time up to 15% of the time?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:architectural work: 10 years (Preferred)government work: 2 years (Preferred)License/Certification:licensure as a Registered Architect in Md, Va, or D.C? (Required)active record with NCARB or reciprocity for licensure? (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	480	Washington
Sr IT Project Manager	Johns Hopkins Health Care	Hanover, MD 21076	None	"Sr IT Project Manager
Requisition #: 331324
Location: Johns Hopkins Health Care, Hanover, MD 21076

Category: Non-Clinical Professional
Work Shift: Day Shift
Work Week: Full Time
Weekend Work Required: No
Date Posted: May 10, 2021
Johns Hopkins HealthCare (JHHC) is the managed care and health services business of Johns Hopkins Medicine, one of the premier health delivery, academic, and research institutions in the United States. JHHC is a $2.5B business serving over 400,000 lives with lines of business in Medicaid, Medicare, commercial, military health, health solutions, and venture investments. JHHC has become a leader in provider-sponsored health plans and is poised for future growth.
Many organizations talk about transforming the future of healthcare, Johns Hopkins HealthCare is actually doing it. We develop innovative, analytics-driven health programs in collaboration with provider partners to drive improved quality and better health outcomes for the members and communities we serve. If you are interested in improving how healthcare is delivered, join the JHHC team.
Position Summary:

Must be familiar with all administrative aspects of operations. The Project Manager will be responsible for project management and identification, development and implementation, including providing staff support in planning and managing departmental and organizational initiatives and administrative projects. Facilitates information exchange between JHHC senior management and departments, Johns Hopkins Medicine (JHM) entities, vendors/consultants and outside agencies.
The Project Manger II & III job function is responsible for the management of one or more projects within the IT Department. The project manager will drive projects from original concept through final implementation. The PM will also develop detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Projects may span two or more organizational boundaries and follow Traditional or Agile project management practices. The PM will primarily focus on initiatives that help to run and grow the business.

Task requirements for position:

The Project Manager III is responsible for significant, enterprise-wide projects, typically with large budgets, sizeable project teams and a cross-functional team of stakeholders. The project manager III will lead the design, testing, planning, and implementation of complex projects for systems that result in a transformation of our business and business processes. The Project Manager III will engage with an array of stakeholders, such as the projects' business sponsors, business analysts, enterprise architects, resource managers, contractor project managers and program managers.

Requirements:
Education:
A Bachelor’s Degree in Business in Health Administration, Project Management or related degree is required; a Master’s Degree is preferred. Related work experience may be substituted for some educational requirements.


B. Knowledge:
Payment Integrity experience is preferred. Knowledge of project management, financial analysis, and business/strategic planning is required. Knowledge of Quality Management, Planning and Administrative theory, and Customer Service Theory is preferred. Knowledge and experience related to project management and implementation of strategic initiatives.


C. Skills:
High level of interpersonal skill, written and oral communication necessary to interface with various levels of management. Ability to work independently and meet scheduled time frames; manage multiple projects simultaneously; and prepare oral and/or written presentations to senior management. Ability to compile and coordinate high quality reports, proposals and written work product for customers. Must have high level of spreadsheet, database, presentation, and project scheduling and word processing software skills. High level of meeting management, computer, teaching and training, organization and time management, High level of leadership/facilitation skills. High level of analytical ability necessary to identify and illustrate relationships among activities, recommend courses of action based on making choices among alternative and design recommended.


D. Required Licensure, Certification, Etc.:
Professional (PMP) or equivalent project/program management certification preferred


E. Work Experience:
Project Manager II
Minimum of 3 years of experience in Business, program development and/or project development/management preferably in health insurance is required.
Minimum of 1 years working on projects involving project life cycle.
Experience in managing projects in Functional Environment is a plus.
The ability to use PMIS to plan a project with tasks, efforts, and resources.
Project Manager III
In addition to Project Manager II required experience:
Minimum three (3) years providing project or team leadership
Minimum three (3) years’ experience working on project(s) involving project life cycle methodologies
Minimum three (3) years’ experience managing project budgets


F. Machines, Tools, Equipment:
Computer, electronic mail, telephone systems, general office and communication equipment


Dimensions:
A. Budget Responsibility:
Fiscal awareness makes appropriate recommendations for equipment, supplies, etc. Effectively utilize resources within control and budget. Tracks budget associated with projects.


B. Authority/Decision Making Level:
Manage work independently. Arranges daily schedule to meet customer and project needs. Works within JHM decision-making hierarchy. Escalates within the organization as needed.


C. Supervisory Responsibility:
May delegate to others on project team


Problem Solving:
Ability to assess, plan and implement projects. Awareness of need for timely communication, able to identify potential barriers and strategies, and able to synthesize and integrate information. Able to offer unique solutions, and fresh approach to inspire team members to pursue non-traditional methods when appropriate.


Information Management:
Able to read and interpret variety of reports. Ability to input, manage and extract reports and other information. Knowledge of Microsoft Sharepoint for documentation and project planning purposes is beneficial.


Working Conditions:
Works in a normal office environment where there are no physical discomforts due to temperature, noise, dust, etc. Work is sedentary in nature and requires frequent computer usage

Johns Hopkins Health System and its affiliates are Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, sex, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, and or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law."	480	Washington
Project Manager III (DC)	MPIRE Technology Group, Inc.	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	MPIRE Technology Group Inc. is actively hiring for multiple IT roles during the COVID-19 pandemic.MPIRE Technology Group, Inc. is seeking a Project Manager for our client in Washington, DC. Candidate will support the Office of Grants Management in select phases of the grant’s management process including, but not limited to evaluating on-going performance and financial status reports, final reports, shell award creations, outstanding payment processing, and assisting with grant close-outs.Responsibilities will include: The PM provides direct management guidance of contract personnel to ensure that goals and objectives of the project, as well as problem resolution, are accomplished within prescribed time frames and funding parametersOversee the efforts of direct reporting resources and be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job.Support the administration of grants monitoring tasks by receiving and reviewing grant award, financial and related documents.Support administrative closeout of expired grant; closes out awards and prepares files for archiving.Ensures all final financial reports and technical reports have been received and approved by the agency.Lead/assist in collecting and evaluating required due diligence for transactions to include making necessary inquiries to clients to ensure that required information is provided in a timely manner.Lead review all documents prepared for the signature that require coordination by the Division Director for grammar, and format.Log post award actions in and out of the electronic tracking system ensuring that accurate data are entered into the agency database to capture financial information regarding assistance awards.Requirements: 10+ years experience in Project ManagementCertified Project Management Professional (PMP) certificationProficient in SharePoint and Microsoft Excel.Knowledge and understanding of financial statements, accounting concepts, financial modeling, and application of financial concepts.Experience reviewing federal regulations.Excellent written and communication skills.Ability to obtain and maintain a public trust clearance.Nice to Have: Experience with Grants ManagementExperience in Accounting and/or ConceptsExperience: Senior Level (10+ years)Education: BA/BS in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration, or related field.About Us: MPIRE Technology Group Inc. (MTG) is Small Business that was founded in Virginia. The company offers information technology services consulting and systems integration. Our core offerings include: Software Development, IT/Engineering Support and Cyber Security. MPIRE Technology Group’s technical staff has extensive experience managing and executing the full life cycle of IT infrastructure and development projects. Our teams work alongside their clients helping them to achieve their specific objectives. Our clients continue to use our services because of our high quality of work and our company values.Our Benefits: Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offProfessional development assistanceMPIRE Technology Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.We are not currently working with 3rd parties. We are not currently providing sponsorship.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $1.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Project management: 1 year (Preferred)Financial repots: 1 year (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 1 year (Preferred)Microsoft Powerpoint: 1 year (Preferred)grants management: 1 year (Preferred)accounting: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	480	Washington
Technology Product Manager	North American Securities Administrators Association	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	None	NASAA Technology Product Manager Summary of Position The North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA), a prominent Washington D.C. non- profit membership association devoted to supporting the work of state and provincial securities regulators, is seeking to hire a Technology Product Manager. NASAA’s 67 members include the securities regulators in all 50 U.S. states, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the District of Columbia, the provincial and territorial securities regulators in Canada, and the CNBV of Mexico.As the Technology Product Manager, you will be responsible for the management and growth of the association’s Electronic Filing Depository System (EFD). This individual will work closely with the organization’s corporate office staff and leadership, EFD Steering Committee (Committee), Board of Directors and state regulator members, industry users as well as external vendor-developers for the system. He or she will acquire an in-depth knowledge of the goals and desired objectives of the EFD system and lead the in-house EFD team staffed by members of the Legal, and Finance and Operations Departments. The position reports to the Director of Finance and Operations.NASAA offers a competitive compensation package, including medical and dental benefits; disability insurance; life insurance; and retirement fund options.The responsibilities of the Technology Product Manager will include the following: Liaison & Communication Ably represent, interface with, and engage with all system stakeholders including state regulators, internal users, and external system users.Effectively communicate new or enhanced system functionalities so that the vendor-developer understands the resources needed to realize them.Consistently communicates development status to the Committee, the internal EFD team, the ExecutiveDirector.Appropriately engages in-house or outside legal counsel to ensure compliance of EFD with state securities regulations and vendor agreements.Collaborates with Finance and Operations staff to accurately determine and clearly communicate cost/benefit propositions of EFD development.Frequently engage with stakeholders to understand requirements, develop possible courses of action, and manage expectations.Organize, lead, and report on internal EFD team meetings and other recurring meetings.Development In collaboration with NASAA leadership and the Committee, maintain and revise as necessary an overall product roadmap and communicate same to the system’s stakeholders.Create, maintain, prioritize, and sequence the development of enhanced system functionality and bug fixes.Incorporate best practices into overall product approach, especially as it relates to reliability, availability, resiliency, and security.Project ManagementSteer EFD projects to ensure delivery of value to system users.Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders.Ensure that EFD projects are delivered on-time, within scope, and within budget.Effectively manage project risks.Manage vendor performance in completion of project tasks.Recommend changes in direction or courses of action when necessary.Assist the Committee in defining requested changes to the system and guide the EFD system change management process.Provide regular project status reports to stakeholders.Application Support Develop and maintain standards for testing new system functionalities and enhancements.Direct vendor-developer to resolve system issues and provide progress reports to stakeholders.Assist with internal and external communication, provide transparency and information relevant to stakeholders.Qualification for the Technology Product Manager Formal Education and Certification Bachelor’s degreeProject management credential (PMI PMP, PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (OMI-ACP), or Professional Scrum Product Owner (I/II/III) preferred.Knowledge and Experience A minimum of three (3) years technology project management experience and five (5) or more years of relevant work experience.Experience in managing complex web application migrations to cloud platforms like Azure.Thorough understanding of Agile software development methodologies, values, and procedures.Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle.In-depth knowledge of web applications and testing practices and techniques.Demonstrated experience in managing outside vendors for hosting, development, and support.Ability to understand workflows, processes, dependencies, and integrations with other systems.Ability to understand complex technical issues and translate them to non-technical stakeholders.Familiarity with common compliances relevant to EFD such as SOC 1 and SOCBasic understanding of EFD’s development platform and languages: Visual Studio using a combination of .net, C#, and Visual Basic is a plusPersonal Attributes Excellent oral and written communicator.Open to seeking guidance and direction in carrying out the responsibilities of the position.Self-motivated and capable of managing multiple priorities and project deadlines.Team-player with the ability to work alone or in a collaborative environment.Strong analytical skills with a high attention to detail.Committed to continued professional development.A strong interest in investor protection and securities regulationWork Conditions Occasional evening and weekend work to meet deadlines.Sitting for extended periods of time.Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and to handle other computer components.Physically able to participate in training sessions, presentations, and meetings.Some travel may be required for the purpose of stakeholder engagement and requirements gathering.To be considered for this position, please submit a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements. A writing sample may be included as part of the submission. References will not be contacted without prior notice to you. NASAA is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, sex, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. We are committed to diversity in the workplace and promote a drug-free environment.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Product Management: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One location	480	Washington
Information Assurance / Cyber Security Specialist roles (Springfield, VA or St. Louis, MO)	CACI	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Job Description
Note: This position description is not an active opening but is representative of positions within CACI that are consistently available. Individuals who apply may also be considered for other positions at CACI.
Do you like working with high performing teams? Are you self-motivated and enjoy a challenge?
CACI IS THE WINNER!!! of long-term contract with the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) for Transport & Cybersecurity Services (TCS) contract. The functional capabilities are to provide the information technology (IT) infrastructure services required to deliver timely, relevant, and accurate GEOINT in support of national security. TCS will provide innovative design, engineering, procurement, implementation, operations, sustainment and disposal of transport and cybersecurity IT services on multiple networks and security domains, at multiple locations worldwide to support the NGA GEOINT mission.
What You’ll Get to Do:
CACI is hiring for Information Assurance/Security Specialists II & III to join our team. This role will perform vulnerability/risk analyses of computer systems and applications during all phases of the system development life cycle. This role with assist in Identifies, reports, and resolves security violations.
More About the Role:
Develops and implements information assurance/security standards and procedures.
Determines enterprise information assurance and security standards
Coordinates, develops, and evaluates security programs for an organization. Recommends information assurance/security solutions to support customers' requirements.
Supports customer at the highest levels in the development and implementation of doctrine and policies.
Applies know-how to government and commercial common user systems, as well as to dedicated special purpose systems requiring specialized security features and procedures.
Analyzes general information assurance-related technical problems and provides basic engineering and technical support in solving these problems.
Ensures that all information systems are functional and secure.
Submit request for export authorization to the customer for approval
Develops new concepts and processes.
Analyzes root causes and resolves issues.
Supports more junior level technicians and specialists in their activities. Can perform all tasks of lower level technicians or specialists.
Works individually, actively participates on integrated teams, and may also lead a task, project or team
Requires guidance and direction from more expert level technicians, specialists, and managers only when dealing with new, uncertain situations. Provides guidance to lower level technicians and specialists
You must obtain the required certification(s) DoD 8140.01 and 8570.01-M, Information Assurance (IA) Certification within six (6) months of your start date. The cost of the certification(s) will be covered by CACI. In the event that you do not obtain the required certification(s) within the 6-month timeframe, you will be asked to depart the program.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in a Technical Field
4 - 6+ years’ experience working in Information Assurance
Performs analysis, design, and development of security features for system architectures.
Analyzes and defines security requirements for computer systems which may include mainframes, workstations, and personal computers.
Designs, develops, engineers, and implements solutions that meet security requirements.
Provides integration and implementation of the computer system security solution.
Identifies, reports, and resolves security violations.
Provide assessment and authorization (A&A) services and maintain Security Plan Identifications (SPID) for transport and cybersecurity services.
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
 Master’s Degree
What We Can Offer You:
We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
CACI TCS Benefits & PTO Summary
BITS3
Job Location
US-Springfield-VA-ST LOUIS


CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities."	480	Washington
System Engineer 5 (Tier III Expeditionary IT)	INNOPLEX	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Love where you work! This contract is comprised of a large agency wide contract supporting Enterprise Systems Engineering and Architecture across some intelligence organizations. This amazing program contains a variety of primarily senior System Engineering type roles to include all the major mission areas across capabilities and operations. The engineers and program support personnel on this contract provide needed support across the full lifecycle of systems engineering. Projects include, but are not limited to requirements analysis, dataflow, architecture, IT Engineering, SIGINT, Cyber Network Operations, and security domains.

Job Description:
Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.

Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable.

Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:
Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology.
Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services.
Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support.
Security + Certification required
Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission.
Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks.
Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel.
Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones.
Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation.
Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Must be able to work a flexible schedule.
Current, Active Clearance with Polygraph


INNOPLEX, LLC is a family-focused company that has won numerous awards for Top Ranked Benefits, Best Places to Work, and Best Government Contractor in Howard County! Established in 2005, we have over 90 employees with the majority having a rich military service history. Our employees are mostly located in the surrounding areas of Columbia, MD and Aberdeen, MD. INNOPLEX, LLC is a mission-focused company with a wide range of expertise to include RF SIGINT Solutions, Wireless Protocol Processing, Cyber, and Mission Critical IT Operations."	480	Washington
Software Dev Engineer III	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
4+ years of professional software development experience
3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems

Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) is storage for the Internet. Through the use of pioneering techniques in distributed computing, developers are able to durably store their data on Amazon’s proven computing infrastructure to achieve virtually limitless storage capacity at minimal cost. Amazon S3 provides a simple web services interface that can be used to store and retrieve any amount of data, at any time, from anywhere on the web. It gives any developer access to the same highly scalable, reliable, secure, fast, inexpensive infrastructure that Amazon uses to run its own global network of web sites. The service aims to maximize benefits of scale and to pass those benefits on to developers.

We are looking for talented software development engineers to join our S3 Kinetic team to support AWS S3 Fleet management applications. We are growing and you will contribute towards our rapidly increasing scale in the face of explosive customer growth. To meet and exceed our customers' expectations, we are constantly working on software innovation, fleet life cycle process automation, and improving cloud storage infrastructure. We seek smart, passionate and visionary people to help us deliver this industry leading technology.
Our team is clearly passionate about the incredible opportunity that Amazon S3 presents and about distributed systems in general. You will have the opportunity to deliver high quality technology products/services in a hyper-growth environment where priorities shift fast. You will be able to utilize your experience in building, managing, and mentoring engineering teams, while operating or using web-based services.

Work-Life Balance
Our team works together to provide work/life balance for all team members. We recognize that the circumstances of our team members vary, and we balance work across the team so that we’re all able to maintain high standards on behalf of our customers, while at the same time allowing for rich and happy personal lives.

On-Call Responsibility
In AWS, if you build it, you own it. S3 is a highly available 7x24 worldwide service requiring dedicated support from our engineering teams. We pride ourselves on a high level of ownership in the work we do. This means we hold a high bar for test automation, verification processes, design and code reviews to ensure that our systems meet the exacting standards our customers demand. We maintain a regular on-call rotation across our teams with engineers and managers all taking part to resolve the inevitable issues that arise. We work hard to minimize getting paged in the middle of the night as we recognize that a well-rested employee is a productive employee.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Upon joining S3, every employee is paired with a peer buddy who will help you to quickly come up to speed in understanding the technology we’re building, the tools we use and the business problems we’re trying to solve. We hire exceptional people and we recognize the importance of coaching others. We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, and job level. On our internal “Broadcast” video streaming website, you’ll find countless presentations by some of the brightest minds in computing discussing solutions to many of the exciting problems we’re solving in AWS today with new live-streaming videos added every week.

Inclusive Team Culture
We have a diverse team and drive towards an inclusive culture and work environment. Our team is intentional about attracting, developing, and retaining amazing talent from diverse backgrounds. Our team members are active in Amazon’s 10+ affinity groups, sometimes known as employee resource groups, which bring employees together across businesses and locations around the world. These range from groups such as the Black Employee Network (BEN), Amazon Women in Engineering (AWE) and Glamazon (our LGBTQ+ community).


We value humility, a strong work ethic, flexibility, collaboration, technical curiosity, and constant learning
2+ years of experience across multiple environments on complex distributed polyglot systems using the JVM, Go, Rust, Python, and/or C++
At least 3 projects that demonstrate prowess in designing, implementing, and operating large scale, high throughput, low latency distributed systems where you were the primary.
You have project experience up and down the stack from deep in the infrastructure up to the data, application, and client layers.
Experience with small teams that move fast — all members are expected to be able to achieve maximum results with minimal direction
You own the things that you build and can point to work experience that shows this.
When you see a need, you fill a need.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit US Disability Accommodations."	480	Washington
Information Operations Team Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Critical decisions are made every single day in the military. What if you could use your analytical skills to help them make informed decisions? With all the information available today, it takes a skilled analyst to know how to find and interpret the best data to give their clients the right answers. As an Information Operations (IO) Team Lead, you use your specialized functional, technical, and military experience and your attention to detail to manage and support the Red Team, Mission Assurance, and Cyber-Support Detachments to give your client the actionable intelligence and context they need. If you have strong analytical skills and a problem-solving mindset, we have an opportunity to use those skills to support our warfighters and protect our national security.
As an IO on our team, you’ll help your client understand their operational landscape and mission environment. You’ll validate information and develop tradecraft as you build assessments for the Army. As the authority on your team, your client will look to you for time critical recommendations, often under pressure. This is a chance to grow your expertise and broaden your skillset into areas like Data Science and Cyber. You’ll share your expertise with other analysts through leadership and mentoring. We focus on growing as a team to deliver the best support to our customers, so you’ll have resources to learn new skills and tools. Join us as we provide the right information at the right time to support the critical needs of our warfighters.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
12+ years of experience with supporting the red team capability in executing effects-based cyberspace operations ISO Army and Joint exercises, conducting operational vulnerability assessments, and establishing and maintaining PCO ISO persistent penetration testing (PPT) cyber-campaigns
12+ years of experience with supporting the mission assurance capability in conducting cyber-to-physical control systems assessments, integrating mission assurance capabilities ISO operational technologies and infrastructure assessments, assisting with certifying Army PENTESTING programs, providing doctrine and policy development, and supporting protection assessments
12+ years of experience in supporting the cyber-support detachment with developing and maintaining remote operation capabilities, building and maintaining attack platforms, and tool and exploit development
TS/SCI clearance
MA or MS degree
DoD 8570 Information Assurance Technician (IAT) Level III Certification or Information Manager (IAM) Level III Certification
Nice If You Have:
12+ years of experience with integrating and synchronizing IO
Experience as an IO Planner, Field Support Team, or Cyber Support Detachment team member
Experience with recognizing and analyzing information that affects military operations, national policies, and objectives
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills
MA or MS degree in Business Management or a technical field
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and intelligence. When you join Booz Allen, we’ll help you develop the career you want.
Challenging projects – Whether training analysts on military equipment through VR technology; developing a simulation capability to allow teams to rehearse missions together; or integrating RFID tags into mobile devices to enable data access within a geo parameter, you’ll get to solve some of the world’s toughest problems
Meaningful work – Use your skills to empower change. Your work will keep citizens and warfighters safe and well both at home and abroad
State-of-the-art technology – Broaden your intelligence capabilities with digital forensics, telematics, precision navigation, secure mobile operations, and advanced analytics
New skills – In-house experts and partnerships with tech leaders, like Nvidia and Splunk, mean you can get practical experience with advanced GPU technologies, cybersecurity, and data science
Room to grow – You’ll be inspired to grow your career while making your ideas a reality thanks to new opportunities across the US and abroad, encouraging mentors, and collaborative colleagues
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1"	480	Washington
Cyber Compliance Project Manager, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"Key Role:
Serve as a Task Lead responsible for the creation of a cybersecurity Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) program for a DoD organization. Design, develop, and implement the program to measure cyber GRC metrics, determine readiness for audits and inspections based on DoD policies and NIST standards, identify risks, and provide automated remediation plans. Work to improve communications and enhance the organization’s security posture through risk assessment preparation. Perform blind, non-punitive readiness assessments for organizational units to provide a preparatory remediation plan for upcoming inspections. Measure the effectiveness of GRC programs and provide leadership with an unfiltered view of the organization’s security posture measuring the balance between its objectives and risk profile. Recommend strategic enhancements and structural improvements for a large cybersecurity program.
Basic Qualifications:
10+ years of experience in a professional work environment
Experience with cybersecurity governance, risk, and compliance programs, including rapidly adjusting to evolving client requirements
Ability to use writing and presentation expertise to communicate with officials at the officer and SES-levels
Ability to communicate effectively and professionally in a fast-paced client-environment
Top Secret clearance
BA or BS degree in IT, Information Systems, or Cybersecurity
8140 or 8570 IAM III Certification
Additional Qualifications:
Experience with briefing senior government officials at the General Officer and SES-levels
Knowledge of DoD 8500 series, NIST SP 800 series, DoD regulations and instructions, including DoDI 8140-01, DoDI 8530.01, CJCSI 6510.01, and the Risk Management Framework (RMF)
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1"	480	Washington
Information System Security Manager III	Triumph Enterprises	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"***This position is contingent upon contract award
Beyond your technical expertise (outlined below), you must be resourceful, detail-oriented, and 100% client focused, with a continuing passion for your profession. The rewards of joining Triumph Enterprises will include competitive compensation, exceptional benefits, matching 401K, and professional/training development allowances that exceed many companies of larger size and stature. Built around four core values, our employees, managers and leadership team work collaboratively to grow and sustain a Triumph Culture where:
“Client focus” has earned the trust and loyalty of our valued clients.
“Integrity” has earned us a reputation for doing the right thing in all situations.
“Imagination” and innovation has created new and exciting opportunities for both our company and our people.
“Employee Engagement” has resulted in benefits, promotions from within, a balanced work environment, professional development/training, social opportunities, and a culture of empowerment where our employees are as equally valued as our clients.

Triumph Enterprises is currently looking for a Information System Security Manager III to join a contract with a federal government client with an important mission. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work with a great team while serving a fulfilling mission. In this contract, you will be supporting the Navy’s submarine combat system subsystems, consultation, command, control, communications, computers, and intelligence to aid in integrating all systems into a single combat system for naval battle group interconnectivity. This candidate will be responsible for providing day-to-day system security operations by ensuring that operational security is maintained for an information system.
Responsibilities
The successful candidate will work directly with our government client and support team members to:
Oversees and manages information security program implementation within the organization or other area of responsibility.
Perform security analysis of operational and development environments, threats, vulnerabilities, and internal interfaces to define and assess compliance with accepted industry and government standards.
Manages strategy, personnel, infrastructure, policy enforcement, emergency planning, security awareness, and/or other resources.
Create and maintain System Security Plans, Security Control Traceability Matrixes, Plan of Actions and Milestones, and all other RMF documentation required for supported systems.
Acquire and manage the necessary resources, including leadership support, financial resources, and key security personnel, to support information technology (IT) security goals, and reduce overall organizational risk.
Assist with management of Authorization and Assessment processes for multiple authorities to operate across multiple sites.
Work with team members to develop briefings and presentations in support of the program.
Maintain the Security Authorization or Certification and Accreditation of their assigned system.
Produce required reporting for various management levels.
Coordinate and communicate with multiple ISSOs to ensure compliance with regulations and internal policies.
Prepare program communications and documentation including executive briefings, talking points, program milestones, weekly reports, etc.
Proactively identify issues and risks, and work with the team for timely resolutions.
Leverage best practices, techniques, and tools for quality control, project planning, execution, project management, ongoing milestone tracking, communication, and key performance metrics
Develop and build excellent relationships with prospects, clients, and internal team members.
Lead client calls and communications including the development of presentations, status reports, and requirements documents.

Required Experience
Must have an active Secret clearance with eligibility to obtain a TS clearance.
Masters’ degree from accredited University or CNSSI 4012 or NDU CISO certificate or NDU CIO certificate or AQD GA8. or successful completion of military training course: NEC 2779 (CIN: A-531-0009) or 3372 or (EKMS Manager CIN W-3B-1500 ) or A-4C-1340 (KMI) (or DOD Service equivalent)
At least 5+ years of specialized entry in information systems security management.
Certification in either GSLC or CISSP or CISM or CAP or CASP
Working knowledge of system functions, security policies, technical security safeguards, and operational security measures.
Understanding of system methodologies including but not limited to client server, web hosting, web content servers, policy servers, directory servers, firewalls, WAN, LAN, switches, & routers.
Experience with submarines, undersea weapons and warfare is highly desired.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal skills.
Exceptionally self-motivated, directed, and detail oriented.
Must be able to learn, understand and apply new technologies.
Excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, and SharePoint).

Desired Elements
Experience with government contracting firms supporting the Federal government.

Triumph is a veteran owned company specializing in Cybersecurity, Business Intelligence, Analytics, and Data Visualization, Program Management, Acquisitions Support, Engineering, and IT Service. Incorporated in Virginia in 2005, Triumph has risen to meet the Federal Government’s growing need for protecting critical infrastructure and key resources, problem solving using business intelligence, and providing acquisition and program management expertise; while cultivating a track record of success. Our pursuit of excellence is driven by an emphasis on Client Focus, Integrity, Imagination, and Employee Engagement – the Core Values that motivate and inspire our leadership, business practices, and company culture. For more information on Triumph, visit http://triumph-enterprises.com/.
Triumph participates in e-Verify. We provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee’s I-9 Form to confirm work authorization. Triumph is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other status defined by law. Go to www.triumph-enterprises.com to learn more about Triumph."	480	Washington
Quality Assurance Analyst III	Customer Value Partners, Inc	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

CVP is seeking a Senior Quality Assurance Analyst in support of our federal healthcare client who is an essential service provider to the “research enterprise” of the world’s foremost and largest cancer research entity. This is a mature organization that effectively and efficiently serves scientific computing and informatics support needs of NIH. Our team will consist of SME’s with deep expertise in health and biomedical IT and informatics services, as well as clinical and biomedical research experience.

Responsibilities:

Provides technical expertise and administrative guidance for personnel performing software quality assurance and compliance tasks, including reviewing work products for correctness, adherence to the QA methodology and processes and to user standards, program documentation to ensure adherence to Government standards/requirements, and for progress in accordance with schedules.
Manage the coordination with other the Project Manager and/or Quality Assurance Manager to ensure problem resolution and user satisfaction.
Lead efforts for the evaluation and testing of software and associated documentation.
Conduct software and applications testing, validates data, and documents and reports test results.
Lead and review recommended changes, corrections, retesting, and, when appropriate, promotion of developed products to operational status.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering or related field.
6+ years of specialized experience, to include all aspects of quality assurance and compliance of software applications, information models and data processing.
Expert Knowledge of automated testing tools and defect tracking application.
Must possess extensive knowledge and understanding of the software development life cycle and demonstrated ability to work well with business analysts, developers and end-users in a cross functional team.
Must meet all requirements for obtaining and maintaining a Public Trust Clearance.
Desired Skills
Possess knowledge, expertise, and experience in supporting biomedical and/or research information technology and informatics.
Knowledge and experience with NIH processes, procedures, technologies, and applications are a strength.
Possess leadership/managerial experience at the National Institute of Health.
About CVP
Customer Value Partners (CVP) is an award-winning business and next-gen technology consulting company that helps organizations navigate disruption and prepare for a culture of Continuous Change. We solve critical problems for healthcare, national security, and public sector clients through innovative strategies and solutions which leverage technologies and industry expertise in areas including Technology Modernization, Health, Data Science & Engineering, Business Transformation, and Cybersecurity. CVP delivers unparalleled excellence to clients and employees through our strong culture of integrity, engagement, respect, and a passion for our clients’ missions.
Customer Value Partners, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor and an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability. Customer Value Partners seeks to provide employment opportunities for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities."	480	Washington
Senior Adviser, Financial Stability and Climate Change - Division of Financial Stability	Federal Reserve Board of Governors	Washington, DC (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"I. JOB SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Chairs the Financial Stability Climate Committee (FSCC) which is the staff committee charged with developing and implementing a program to incorporate climate-related risks into the Board’s financial stability framework.
2) Leads the integration of climate-related risks into the Board’s financial stability framework. The result of this multi-year effort will be a coherent program that identifies the most relevant climate-related risks and the mechanisms by which these risks are most likely to erode the resilience of the financial system. In addition, it will permit ongoing assessments of the magnitudes of these potential effects as well as evaluation of policy options to increase the resilience of the financial system to these potential effects.
3) Manages the ongoing implementation of the resulting program. The program and its implementation will include, but not necessarily be limited to: the effects of climate-related risks on relevant financial institutions and markets; the extent to which climate-related risks are increasing key financial vulnerabilities, such as asset valuations, leverage, and funding risks; evaluation of relevant policy options; and assisting the Board of Governors in its domestic and international engagement on climate related financial stability risks.
4) Represents the Board domestically and internationally at forums where climate related financial stability policy is developed. Such forums include the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the Financial Stability Board, and the Network for the Greening of the Financial System.
5) Manages staff in a small support team for the FSCC. Staff members would include the Secretariat within the Division of Financial Stability and any future hires working in the support of the FSCC’s goals.
6) Informs governors, as needed, on emerging issues related to climate risk and financial stability.
7) Prepares governors for testimony, speeches, or other public engagements.
II. DIVISION SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS:
Reporting to the deputy director, serves as a senior leader in the Division of Financial Stability to be a thought leader in the Division’s work at the intersection of financial stability and climate change. The position is a leadership role in the division’s efforts to organize and lead a broad-based program to incorporate climate-related risks into our financial stability efforts.
Position requires location in Washington, DC office once remote work period is complete.

Position Requirements
III. KNOWLEDGE/SKILL/EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:
1) PhD in economics, finance, or a related field is preferred; however, a PhD in one of the physical sciences with a focus on climate will be considered.
2) A minimum of 5 years of relevant post-doctoral experience is required.
3) Demonstrated interest or knowledge in the field of climate economics is required. Such interest or knowledge can be demonstrated, for example, through several years of work experience in the field of climate or environment economics. Knowledge of financial markets, institutions, and regulation is also required. Such knowledge can be demonstrated through publications in high quality academic journals, publication of working papers, and presentations at high-quality conferences and workshops.
4) Experience working in interagency/intergovernmental work is desirable.
5) Experience working with policymakers or in a policymaking institution is desirable.
6) Requires the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with the public as well as with all levels of staff and management
7) Strategic thinker with demonstrated strong project execution and project management capabilities, analytical skills, political savvy, and conflict mediation skills.
8) Demonstrated experience and commitment to fostering collaboration and employee engagement.
9) Ability to lead and manage staff and projects effectively, set priorities, assess performance, guide staff development, and make budgetary recommendations.
10) Ability to balance competing interests among a variety of clients and readily readjust priorities to respond to pressing and changing client demands. Must be able to anticipate and meet the clients’ needs while maintaining high-quality end products.
11) Exceptional organizational savvy and agility as demonstrated by ability to manage across organizational boundaries, building high performing teams, diminishing organizational silos, strengthening teams, and facilitating effective group and team dynamics.
IV. OFFICER SPECIFIC POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Acts as responsible steward to the function(s), Division, and Board by demonstrating proficiency in the Board’s espoused competencies.
2) Balances and mitigates key organizational and functional risks where appropriate and develops and executes sustainable risk mitigation strategies.
3) Fosters a continuous learning culture.
4) Exercises appropriate judgement and decision-making in complex situations.
5) Demonstrates innovation and thought leadership relevant to future-state organizational and functional people strategies.
6) Demonstrates strong leadership and management skills aligned to the Board’s espoused values.
7) Keeps skills and knowledge current and aligned to best practices relative to key rules, regulations, and policies, as well as economic, political, and social trends that affect the organization. Understands near-term and long-term needs for the organization and determines how operations should be positioned to meet such needs.
8) Demonstrates proficiency in political savvy, organizational savvy, and interpersonal communication skills.
V. BOARD COMPETENCIES:
1) Decision Quality: Makes timely, thoughtful, strategic decisions
2) Learning Agility: Takes responsibility for building organizational agility
3) Drive for Excellence: Delivers results by developing shared vision and direction for the organization
4) Perspective and Strategic Agility: Leads and acts with the future in mind
5) Collaborative Relationships: Sets the tone for collaborative organization
6) Effective Communication: Effectively speaks and acts on behalf of the Board
VI. PERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS:
1) Has frequent contact with members of the Board, both in discussions and through memoranda, regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
2) Has frequent contact with senior staff and other professionals in the division, elsewhere at the Board, and the Reserve Banks regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
3) Has regular contact with all staff in the function(s) to stay connected to the pulse of the division, provide leadership, and act as a role model.
4) Has frequent contact with individuals from other federal agencies, international organizations, and in the private sector regarding the subject matters in area(s) of responsibilities.
VII. INTERNAL MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Provides guidance, coaching, and feedback to, and conducts performance reviews for managers and other direct reports, and ensures same is provided to all function staff.
2) Responsible for accomplishing approved program objectives for area(s) of responsibility within the financial and personnel resources allocated by the Board and the division's senior management.
3) Participates in the development of the division’s strategic plan, goals, and budget. Recommends program objectives and their priorities for area(s) of responsibility.
4) Recommends personnel actions involving promotions, reclassifications, merit increases, and reassignments or separations in area(s) of responsibility.
VIII. POSITION DEMANDS:
1) Ability to exercise independent and sound judgment in establishing objectives for assigned area(s) of responsibility that provide support and services for the division’s and Board’s missions.
2) Ability to translate customer service and organizational development theories and best practices into effective strategies for adoption in area(s) of responsibility to achieve and maintain high levels of customer service.
3) Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to the Board and individual members thereof, senior Board staff, other Board and Reserve Bank staff: and staff at other government agencies and in the private sector on complex and technical matters.
4) Ability to be an effective spokesperson and advocate for the Board and the division in outside contacts, which may involve significant business dealings.
5) Ability to operate under pressure to meet deadlines accurately and in a timely manner.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or application, membership, or service in the uniformed services."	480	Washington
Program Manager	Millennium Engineering & Integration Company	Washington, DC 20374 (Navy Yard area)	None	"Position Summary:

Millennium Engineering and Integration Co. was founded upon the principle of providing products and services with unsurpassed quality to solve our customers’ toughest, most complex problems. Throughout our 20+ year history, we have provided our customers with innovative, efficient solutions via world class talent and innovative technologies. Our core values of leadership, integrity, customer loyalty, effective communications, insightful vision, sound decision-making, and continuous improvement guide our business and everything we do on a day-to-day basis. Our culture, anchored by these core principles and values, is enduring as we have grown in organizational size and technical capability. Central to our culture are the ideas of providing: a stimulating and rewarding environment; growth opportunities in terms of career advancement and education; financially sharing in the growth and success of the company; and open and honest leadership that fosters recognition of personal achievement and team accomplishments. Our employees with their innovative spirit and unwavering determination provide the fuel that propels us reach new heights and new markets. We look to continue to serve them in all their professional aspirations whether it be career advancement, research and development or furthering their formal education
Duties & Responsibilities:

Serves as the primary contractor point of contact with the Contracting Officer, Contracting Officer’s Representative, and government task managers. Coordinates all work within the core requirements and ordered by task orders, and is responsible for overall contractor performance. Duties involve the overall management, execution, and integration of multiple projects and groups of personnel and multiple locations. Establishes budgets, forecasts, manpower, equipment and supply needs for contract. Provides final approval of all major contract deliverables, organizing and staffing for contract execution; planning and tracking activities; planning and tracking budgets; development of program management-related deliverables; contract quality assurance; reviewing progress; identifying issues and taking corrective action; reporting status; attending senior level reviews; and communicating with the customer.
Skills:

Required:
Will be required to communicate with and brief the customer.
Program Management experience running a large support services contract with multiple subcontractors
Experience with cost, schedule and performance as it relates to program execution.
Program and Personnel ManagementFinancial ManagementRisk Management Policies and Assessment
Preferred:
Project Management Professional (PMP) or DAWIA III in Program Management.Certified SCRUM Master or Project Management Institute (PMI) Agile Certified Practitioner
Software Development management.
Familiarity with land based testing.
Conceptual knowledge of U.S. Navy Combat SystemsSystems Engineering process applied to software development.
Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Familiarity
Physical Requirements:

Sedentary position.
Millennium offers a comprehensive benefits package. Millennium is An Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Millennium does not discriminate on any basis prohibited by applicable law including race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, citizenship status, or Vietnam era or special disabled veteran's status in recruitment, employment, promotion, compensation, benefits, or training. It is also Millennium's policy to maintain a work environment free from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Millennium participates in the E-Verify program."	480	Washington
Cyber Workforce Developer	Jacobs	Washington, DC 20001 (Swampoodle area)	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
This position is CONTINGENT upon contract award. Our recruiting team will follow up with you on your application. Our hiring team will not start the interview evaluation process until award.

Skills and Tasks
The Cyber Workforce Developer and Manager/Technical Trainer III shall possess the following capabilities:

Develop cyberspace workforce plans, strategies and guidance to support cyberspace workforce manpower, personnel, training and education requirements and to address changes to cyberspace policy, doctrine, materiel, force structure, and education and training requirements.
Knowledge of computer networking concepts and protocols, and network security methodologies.
Knowledge of risk management processes (e.g., methods for assessing and mitigating risk).
Knowledge of national and international laws, regulations, policies, and ethics as they relate to cybersecurity.
Knowledge of cybersecurity principles.
Knowledge of cyber threats and vulnerabilities.
Job Duties

Design/integrate a cyber strategy that outlines the vision, mission, and goals that align with the organization’s strategic plan.
Coordinate with internal and external subject matter experts to ensure existing qualification standards reflect organizational functional requirements and meet industry standards.
Ensure cyber workforce management policies and processes comply with legal and organizational requirements regarding equal opportunity, diversity, and fair hiring/employment practices.
Establish and collect metrics to monitor and validate cyber workforce readiness including analysis of cyber workforce data to assess the status of positions identified, filled, and filled with qualified personnel.
Ability to develop career path opportunities.
Establish cyber career paths to allow career progression, deliberate development, and growth within and between cyber career fields.
Establish manpower, personnel, and qualification data element standards to support cyber workforce management and reporting requirements.
Establish, resource, implement, and assess cyber workforce management programs in accordance with organizational requirements.
Review/Assess cyber workforce effectiveness to adjust skill and/or qualification standards.
Skill in developing workforce and position qualification standards.
Knowledge of Workforce Framework, work roles, and associated tasks, knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Ability to develop policy, plans, and strategy in compliance with laws, regulations, policies, and standards in support of organizational cyber activities.
Ability to leverage best practices and lessons learned of external organizations and academic institutions dealing with cyber issues.
Develop policy, programs, and guidelines for implementation
Establish and maintain communication channels with stakeholders
Identify organizational policy stakeholders.
Provide policy guidance to cyber management, staff, and users.
Seek consensus on proposed policy changes from stakeholders.
Coordinate with organizational manpower stakeholders to ensure appropriate allocation and distribution of human capital assets.
Skill in using manpower and personnel IT systems.
Knowledge of current and emerging cyber technologies.
Knowledge of the organization’s core business/mission processes.
Knowledge of organizational training and education policies, processes, and procedures.
Ability to determine the validity of workforce trend data.
Here’s What You’ll Need:

Qualifications
Educational Requirement:

This position requires a Bachelor's degree in Training and Development, Workplace Education and Development or similar
Certification Requirements:

PMP Preferred
Preferred certification in the field of information security (e.g. Security+, CISSP).

Experience Requirements:

At least 5 years of relevant background in Adult Learning Development and related job experience
Experience presenting and facilitating training
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Process and detail-oriented
Must be a U.S. Citizen

Clearance Level Requirement:

Public Trust
Essential Functions
Work Environment
Work will be performed inside a large facility. An inside environment may be a cubicle (considerations: close quarters, low to moderate noise, bright or dim lighting).

Work assignments vary based on client requirements.

Work may include travel with the military to participate in exercises in austere conditions
Outside work may include various environmental conditions including hot, dusty, cold, icy and windy climates.

Physical Requirements
Sitting at desk. Phone use and PC or laptop. Filing required. May require lifting and carrying boxes of supplies or files up to 25 lbs. Extended periods of sitting while on PC/laptop or phone.

Equipment and Machines
General office equipment, which includes: telephone, fax machine, copier, PC/laptop, and other miscellaneous office equipment.

May require operating motor vehicles.

Attendance
Regular attendance in accordance with established work schedule is mandatory.

It is important to be able to work any shift/designated hours required.

You may be asked to continue performance in support of a war, contingency, or exercise

You may be asked to continue performance during inclement weather or other conditions when others are not permitted to work
Position may require night and weekend work and could include travel with the military to participate in operations/exercises located in areas with field conditions

Travel
Continental and Oversees travel may be required. It is important to maintain a current passport.

Other Essential Functions
Employment is contingent upon obtaining all required certifications within the timeframe specified in a waiver by the government (if applicable) and maintaining required certifications through the duration of the contract. Failure to obtain/maintain required certifications will result in disqualification for this position and could result in termination.
Candidate must exhibit a professional behavior that promotes teamwork, fosters cooperation, and enhances productivity in the workplace. Must be well organized with the ability to coordinate, prioritize and execute multiple tasks simultaneously in a high-pressure environment. Ability to communicate verbally and in writing to work effectively with a variety of government, military and contractor personnel at all levels.

Candidate must be able to interface effectively with individuals at all levels of the organization.
Grooming and dress usually business casual, but dependent on client’s standards. Must not pose a safety hazard to employees working in the same general area.
The position for which you are applying for requires a US government security clearance. This is to advise you, that should you be extended an offer, if you possess a dual citizenship (i.e., citizen of the US and another country), to be granted a clearance you will be required to relinquish your citizenship in the foreign country.
a dual citizenship (i.e., citizen of the US and another country), to be granted a clearance you will be required to relinquish your citizenship in the foreign country.
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), age, medical condition, marital or domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression and transgender status, mental disability or physical disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, citizenship, low-income status or any other status or characteristic protected by applicable law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	480	Washington
Fully Qualified Navy Validator V (NQV III)	Serco North America	Washington, DC 20005 (Logan Circle area)	None	"Position Description:

If you love high profile and challenging projects supporting the US Navy- Serco has a great opportunity for you! This Navy Qualified Validator IV will be on a dynamic team located at the Washington Navy Yard performing the following activities required within the DoD Instruction 8510.01 DoD Risk Management Framework (RMF) (formerly the DoD Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation Process (DIACAP)) to obtain Authorization to Operate (ATO) with Conditions or ATO prior to fielding of all the contract’s Enterprise Business Mission Area (BMA), DoD Portion of Intelligence Mission Area (DIMA), Enterprise Information Environment Mission Area (EIEMA), and Warfighting Mission Area (WMA) ashore and afloat systems.
This position is contingent upon your ability to maintain/transfer your Secret clearance.
This position is contingent upon contract award.
In this role, you will:
Develop RMF accreditation packages using current DoD Instruction 8510.01 accreditation methods, to include the System Authorization Boundary, Hardware/Software/Firmware list, Dataflow Diagram, Security Plan, Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M), System Categorization, Enterprise Reporting RMF Scorecard, System Level Continuous Monitoring (SLCM) Strategy, Risk Assessment Report (RAR), Security Assessment Plan (SAP), and Security Assessment Report (SAR).
Identify security controls to be implemented, work with system owners to implement and test controls, prepare required artifacts, and complete actions required in the RMF in the time-frame in which they are required.
Provide subject matter expertise regarding the development of RMF packages and the RMF process for a portfolio of approximately 200 systems. In this capacity, serve as a resource in both package development and in navigating the RMF process for the Team SUB enterprise.
Serve as Navy Risk Management Framework (RMF) Validator or as Navy Qualified Validators (NQVs) as defined by the NAVWAR Qualification Standard, Responsibilities, and registration Process for Navy Qualified Validators (NQV) of 4 March 2016 and SECNAVINST 5239.20A, Navy Information Assurance (IA) Program.
Independently validate cybersecurity artifacts developed by TEAM SUB Enterprise system owners (approximately 200 systems) as part of the Risk Management Framework Accreditation and Authorization process that are uploaded to DoN Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (eMASS).
Organize and assist with the updating and coordination of records in the TEAM SUB Enterprise Cybersecurity portfolio of all Business Mission Area (BMA), DoD Portion of Intelligence Mission Area (DIMA), Enterprise Information Environment Mission Area (EIEMA), and Warfighting Mission Area (WMA) ashore and afloat systems.
Validate that all DON-specified cybersecurity- specific information systems, including Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (eMASS), Procurement Business Intelligence Service (PBIS), DoD IT Portfolio Repository (DITPR)-DON, Vulnerability Remediation Asset Manager (VRAM), the DON Application and Database Management System (DADMS), and the Enterprise Reporting Service (ERS) Cybersecurity Scorecard on Secret Internet Protocol Router (SIPR) network, are continuously accurate and reflect the cybersecurity posture of TEAM SUB and its assigned field activities, including NUWC and SUBMEPP and provide status to TEAM SUB staff.
Respond to data calls from DoD, DON, and NAVSEA organizations.
Review all system DITPR-DON and DADMS records assigned to the TEAM SUB Enterprise to validate that these systems are current and compliant with Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) applicable cybersecurity regulations, as evidenced by the FISMA Scorecard remaining in the compliant (Green) status for a combined portfolio of approximately 200 systems.
Participate in the TEAM SUB Enterprise/DON’s annual cybersecurity review of all TEAM SUB BMA, DIMA, EIEMA, and WMA Systems. This participation shall include liaison with DON and NETWARCOM personnel to review methodology, validate that TEAM SUB systems are compliant, accurate, and ready for inspection, coordinate reviews, and coach cognizant programmatic and technical personnel to help TEAM SUB personnel ensure that applicable DoD regulations identified byDoD Instruction 8500.01 and DoD Instruction 5000.02 are followed, and that TEAM SUB systems (approximately 200 systems) meet FISMA reporting and privacy requirements.
Assist in the investigation of inadvertent electronic spillages of classified information, and draft and submit reports to the ASM concerning the spillage and the impact.
Assist with the coordination of investigations with NAVSEA, Naval Criminal Investigative Service, Defense Security Service, and other authorities.
Initiate and coordinate remediation actions, and track to closure.
Educate personnel via Training, Team Talks, e-mail reminders, or using online training to prevent future spillages and recommend policy or procedural changes when needed.
Provide direct expertise and assistance to ensure that cybersecurity is fully integrated into the system life-cycles of all TEAM SUB acquisition and life-cycle maintenance platform programs in accordance with DoD Instruction 8500.01 and DoD Instruction 5000.02.
Qualifications:

To be successful in this role, you must have:
An Active or Current DoD Secret Clearance to apply.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or related fields - Extensive Military Services equivalent experience may substitute for degree
10 or more years of experience with RDT&E and Business IT systems and the phases of Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process.
Qualification as a Level III Navy Qualified Validator (NQV III) as defined by DoD Instruction 8510.01 - Risk Management Framework (RMF) for DoD Information Technology (IT).
This position is contingent upon your ability to maintain/transfer your Secret clearance.
This position is contingent upon contract award.
Additional desired experience and skills:
10 or more years of experience in an Information Assurance (IA) or C&A related field. Familiarity with and understanding of Navy IT sites, systems, and infrastructure.
Experience working with Navy C&A efforts as a Navy Validator. Demonstrated oral and written communication skills to work closely with all levels of personnel involved in IT operations and technical aspects of systems.
Good communications skills and excellent word processing, database, spreadsheet programs, Microsoft applications.
If you are interested in supporting and working with our sailors and a passionate Serco team- then submit your application now for immediate consideration. It only takes a few minutes and could change your career!
**Serco Inc. is using this posting for the purpose of responding to a proposal. We are seeking qualified candidates in the event of a contract award. This position is not currently funded/active. Should Serco be awarded the contract, and you meet the qualifications of the position, you will be considered in the selection process.**
Company Overview:

Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has over 9,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).
To review Serco benefits please visit: https://www.serco.com/na/careers/benefits-of-choosing-serco.
If you require an accommodation with the application process please email: careers@serco-na.com or call the HR Service Desk at 800-628-6458, option 1. Please note, due to EEOC/OFCCP compliance, Serco is unable to accept resumes by email.
Serco does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies without being a contracted approved vendor. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Serco and will not be obligated to pay a placement or contract fee. If you are interested in becoming an approved vendor at Serco, please email Agencies@serco-na.com."	480	Washington
Manager, Enterprise Payments	Volkswagen Group of America	Herndon, VA 20171	None	":
The Enterprise Payment Manager will own two areas: i) Payment Strategy for the NAR region. These function includes the overall payment strategy for VCI/VCCI incl. corresponding vendors; ii) active Product Management of all payment products, esp. FS Pay.
The role sits within the Product and Innovation team at VCI/VCCI.
This role will have significant visibility to the senior management teams of VCI, Audi, Volkswagen, and Ducati so it will be critical for this leader to have exceptional communication and influence skills.

Role Responsibilities:
Strategy (40%) – This role is responsible for payment strategy development. That includes acting as the Business responsible to give directions i.) what kind of payments VCI/VCCI is offering, ii.) how solutions are integrated/harmonized and iii.) which provider support these functions. Responsibilities are
The payments strategy and related product roadmap for VCI/VCCI
Executing the approved Payment strategy
Leading research activities to obtain relevant data and define business needs
Defining product KPIs and success metrics
Evaluating potential partnerships, alliances, and acquisitions to advance our strategic agenda
Product Delivery (40%) – This role will be accountable for delivering the payment processing platform (FS Pay) for Volkswagen, Audi and other partners in the US/Canada. The role owns the payment platform product, along with the functional expansion into other areas of the VWGoA business such as ACH payments or other forms customer can choose to pay.
Leadership (20%) – This person will initially be an individual contributor, but in order to successfully do their job they will have to lead upwards of 15 people cross-functionally that sit within multiple areas of VCI/VCCI, Audi of America, VW of America, Audi AG, VW AG, and VW FS AG. While leadership is not their primary responsibility it will be a critical component of the responsibilities and will be a required skill as their team grows in the future.
Experience:
10+ years of experience in (digital) product management
6+ years of experience in payments
4+ years of experience leading large cross functional teams
Education:
Required – Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Psychology, Computer Science, or related area
Desired – Master’s degree in Entrepreneurship or Business
General Skills:
Expertise in Team Building and Talent Development
Must be able to establish a high level of credibility with all levels of internal and external stakeholders
Ability to communicate with all levels of employees from technical to non-technical clients; strong written, verbal, analytical and presentation skills Customer driven approach to develop, test and implement new products
Analytical and conceptual thinking – using logic and reason, creative and strategic
Leadership Presentations
Computer savvy – skilled in the use of software
Proven track record act in an Agile environment
Integration – joining people, processes or systems
Influencing and negotiation skills
Problem solving
Resource management
Specialized Skills:
Required –
Deep knowledge of the digital payments industry spanning merchants, issuing banks, acquiring banks, payment networks, gateways, and payment processors
Working knowledge of software development and underlying architecture components and considerations
Experience in managing large cross functional projects and leading people/teams in a matrixed environment
Work Flexibility:
Travel 20% of the time (domestic)
We are proud to be an EEO employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing."	480	Washington
Program Manager	By Light Professional IT Services LLC	Washington, DC 20001 (Mount Vernon Square area)	None	"Overview:

By Light is seeking a Program Manager to join our team in a proposal to support USCIS with infrastructure modernization. The primary goal of this acquisition is to establish a solid service delivery capability for the USCIS infrastructure support. The scope of work will include operations & maintenance support for systems and platforms to include hosting services, systems administration, strorage services, backup services, database administration, and tier II and tier III support for application infrastructure/hosting and systems administration. Unified Communications services include multimedia enterprise operations support, telephony, and tier II/tier III support support. Additional support includes project management of infrastructure projects. Current methodologies that USCIS currently employes are ITIL, Agile systems, DevSecOps, and PMI PMBok.
Responsibilities:
Primary interface with the USCIS Program Manager or designee.
Provide project management support to ensure completion of tasks and related activities throughout the project lifecycles.
Mitigate risks, resolve issues as they arise, and properly implement lessons learned to ensure contract success.
Ensure that program schedule, performance, and deliverables are met.
Use Standard Project Management practices based on the PMBok to manage projects, varied in size and complexity.
Attend weekly status meetings and ad hoc meetings.
Required Experience/Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree (preferred area of study Program Management / IT Business / Computer Science)
Minimum of ten (10) years of experience in project and program management.
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification from PMI OR the equivalent work experience.
Minimum of five (5) years of experience managing Infrastructure IT projects and programs.
Proven experience with management using DevOps and Agile concepts.
Exceptional technical aptitude and effective written and verbal communications skills."	480	Washington
Program Manager	NetCentrics Corporation	Bethesda, MD	None	"Title: Program Manager
Location: Bethesda, MD
Clearance: Secret
Responsibilities:
Manage customer's new procurement for Agency-wide cybersecurity and privacy services contract. Anticipated services include:
Security Operations Center (SOC)
Assessment and Authorization (A&A)
Risk Management Framework (RMF)
Incident Response (IR) and Management Support
Cybersecurity architecture and engineering
Penetration testing
Vulnerability management
Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM)
Training and awareness
Cybersecurity infrastructure
Identity, Credential, and Access Management (ICAM)
Privacy services support
Serves as the contractor's single contract Program Manager that is authorized and responsible for the overall contract performance
Primarily interfaces with the Government service office manager, Contracting Officer (CO) and Contracting Officer's Representative (COR)
Responsible for the management of all employees, finances, contract/subcontracts, schedules, deliverables, performance, risks and quality, customer's satisfaction
Responsible for compliance with all contract and corporate policies and procedures
Requirements:
Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, Physical Science or other technically related discipline
Minimum 15 years work related experience providing service delivery in complex IT environments, including 10 years of supervisory and cybersecurity policies experience
Extensive experience managing large, complex programs that involve multiple lines of business with a variety of services, with performance requirements directly tied to metrics
Experience leading a diverse technical workforce across multiple geographically dispersed locations
Working knowledge of desktop applications including word processing, spreadsheet and database programs
Program/project/contract management experience in areas including: lifecycle project management (inception to deployment to sustainment), expertise in the management and control of funds and resources using reporting mechanisms, demonstrated capability in managing multi-task contracts and/or subcontracts of various types and complexity
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Active DOD Secret security clearance, Top Secret clearance preferred
Ability to travel to all Agency locations up to 25% as needed, with or without reasonable accommodation
Familiarity of cybersecurity concepts, architectures and frameworks (e.g. NIST Risk Management Framework or NIST Cybersecurity Framework)
Familiarity with PMI Project Management Body of Knowledge
Familiarity with ITIL or CMMI for Services or Quality Management Systems (e.g. ISO 9001)
Preferred Qualifications:
Certifications for ITIL or CMMI for Services or Quality Management Systems (e.g. ISO 9001)
Program Manager Certification (e.g., PMP or equivalent)
Experience leading enterprise-level contracts across multiple geographically dispersed locations
DOD 8570 IAT Level III or IAM Level II certification preferred
As a contingency to employment at NetCentrics, all candidates who are given offers must successfully pass a full background investigation including criminal history and references checks
This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status or on the basis of disability.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled"	480	Washington
Mail Management Analyst III- DHS	CGI Group, Inc.	Washington, DC 20022	None	"Mail Management Analyst III- DHS


Position Description

CGI Federal is seeking a Management Analyst III to support DHS in Washington DC.

Your future duties and responsibilities

The Management Analyst III position within the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Mail Management Program Office (MMPO) will perform the following tasks:


Participates in special studies with team members to aid managers as well as assists in developing and evaluating policies in assigned program areas. Works with the Senior Management Analyst and management to gather reporting requirements, translate requirements into high quality automated reports, dashboards, and analyses using various technologies, including advanced Excel, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Visio, SharePoint and/or other analytical tools;


Provides services in support of ICE Official Mail Accounting System (OMAS) processes/transactions. (OMAS is the system by which ICE pays the U.S. Postal Service [USPS] for postage related expenditures.) Technical support for this requirement includes reviewing OMAS data for tracking purposes, providing recommendations for program effectiveness, maintaining spreadsheets of OMAS data, and drafting OMAS related reports. (One OMAS report is the monthly USPS OMAS report.) The Management Analyst III shall become familiar with the OMAS system within 30 days of starting work at ICE;


Provides support for mail management reports, metrics, and scorecards. The Management Analyst III shall apply best in-kind techniques/practices and work within the DHS/ICE organizational and business structures;


Assists the Senior Management Analyst in providing administrative/management services in support of current initiatives to include postal inspections/compliance activity to improve the ICE Mail Management Program work effort, and provides services in support of DHS Mail Management Program mandates and to assist in meeting DHS requirements;


Provides services to support the collection of mail performance measures, mail volume data, and expenditure data for all ICE mail operations (approximately 400 locations). The Management Analyst III shall provide services to support the maintenance of location data, and compliance efforts;


Collects and maintains data from monthly Express Service provider reports on mail/shipping volumes, performance and costs (including fees); identifies problems/concerns and monitors ICE program office inquiries; develops extensive profiles of ICE incoming/outgoing mail/shipments, and recommends process changes to the Senior Management Analyst and ICE Mail Manager, as well as effectively communicates as necessary to program offices, and personnel; profiles ICE mail stops and monitors the number and effectiveness of them, and makes recommendations to open/close mail stops;


Assists the Senior Management Analyst in designing and interpreting data for analytical deliverables (e.g., statistical analyses, reports, dashboards, etc.) using advanced Excel, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Visio, SharePoint and/or other analytical tools to identify patterns and correlations among various data points;


Assists the Senior Management Analyst in querying relevant data from databases, manipulate large structured and unstructured data sets to build insightful solutions to complex problems, and present the results in visually engaging and intuitive reports and dashboards that can be easily understood, and actionable;


Assists the Senior Management Analyst in the development of ICE Mail Management Instructions and manuals reflecting current GSA/DHS policy and standards for the ICE Mail Manager to review. Additionally, regularly reviews and updates, as necessary, these Instructions and manuals;


Documents business and technical reporting methodology, best practices and related rules for generating reports to ensure results are accurate. Utilizes knowledge of administrative regulations and operating procedures, and possesses skill applying fact-finding techniques to gather clear-cut factual evidence of administrative waste and abuse, or compliance with regulations;


Administrative and interpersonal skills are required to organize and coordinate systematic, professional efforts to meet difficult planning needs and unanticipated requirements, and provide written and/or oral reports with conclusions, alternatives, and/or recommendations on policies, projects, or studies;


Works with limited guidance, manages conflicting priorities, plans, organizes and works as a team and/or task force across organizational lines, including the ability to monitor progress to ensure that realistic objectives and milestones are achieved, to accept assigned responsibilities, and get mission requirements accomplished in a timely manner;


Effectively communicates, both orally and in writing, and an ability to grasp conceptual ideas and exercise original thought where there is an established time limit for deliberation, consultation and evaluation, and to present well-considered and sound recommendations/suggestions; and


Assists the Senior Management Analyst and/or the ICE Mail Manager, as necessary.


Additionally, the Management Analyst III position is responsible for serving as a back-up to the Management Analyst II and will perform the following tasks, when necessary:


Reviews the ICE Mail Management group mailbox and responds in a timely manner, as necessary, to all daily Stamps.com account requests from ICE field locations. Specifically, answers all types of account requests (i.e. postage funding requests, adding a user requests, deleting a user requests and resetting a user's password requests).

Required qualifications to be successful in this role

experience/practical ability with Microsoft Excel, Access, Visio, and SharePointcritical thinkergood with taking broad or abstract ideas and creating concrete results, recommendations, or analysesgood customer service skills (dealing with hundreds or ICE field locations)good with being adaptable to a rapidly changing environment (special projects with short suspenses)
Must have a BA/BS degreeMust be able to work from 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday.Must be able to obtain an ICE Suitability Clearance before entering on duty to perform work at ICE locations.Must be able to communicate effectively orally and in writing using the English language and ability to read, interpret, and apply Federal policy, directives, and regulations.

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change-supporting our clients' digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.


At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com .

No unsolicited agency referrals please."	480	Washington
Information Systems/Network Systems Professional	SimIS Inc.	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)	None	"A senior level information systems and cybersecurity professional reporting to the Project Manager (PM), supporting a DoD or Federal Department customer. Ensures cybersecurity compliance and IT infrastructure integrity IAW Risk Management Framework (RMF) NIST 800 series Special Publication(s). Works collaboratively with the project team and possess the qualifications to:
Provide system and network related solutions for DoD and Federal customer information systems (IS) (information technology (IT) and information assurance (IA)).
Oversee the functioning of networking equipment, follow maintenance standards, and develop new strategies to optimize server operations.
Oversee and provide tasking to the IS group, develop project requirements, track all group tasks to completion, and provide status reporting to the leadership.
Work with other IS team members and end-users to identify and work on connectivity problems, manage complex system requirements, and create technical documentation for users.
Ensure that computer systems and networks remain secure and reliable, monitor network availability, and collect data to enhance security and reliability.
Balance technical knowledge with network and data infrastructure experience to manage and maintain the cloud computing environment(s) and third-party cloud computing platforms.
Establish and configure networks for organization-wide use. Determine data management and information technology needs, recommend how to set up the network and provide users and the organization with constant access to servers and data storage sites.
Determine areas of the IT infrastructure that need attention or expertise, coordinate support to resolve user-side issues, and foster collaboration for successful workflow of the IS department.
Oversee and perform backup operations and system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, network, server and cloud resources, systems, and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups. Perform regular security monitoring to identify any possible intrusions, perform regular file archival and purge as necessary and create, change, and delete user accounts as required.
Maintain reliable system performance through active monitoring and user-reported network issues. Conduct regular tests to ensure that the system meets expectations for speed, security, and reliability. Also work with technicians and administrators to conduct routine system audits, making recommendations to improve reliability and performance.
Develop and deploy performance-enhancing measures throughout the network. Make hardware / software / cybersecurity poster recommendations, such as repairs, replacing or upgrading servers, routers, switches or shifting databases to new software to improve network security, vulnerability deterrence, reliability, or speed. Develop proposals for IS improvements and investments and presents them to the PM and senior leadership.
Work with team members to design and oversee server-side elements of network infrastructure, to include installing network-wide malware protection software, configuring firewalls, and configuring databases and access on the back end.
Ensure that data remains intact, secure, and accessible in case of system crashes by conducting data backups. Determine when to back up or transfer data and take the network offline with the least amount of impact or interruption to the organization and verify data to ensure a successful backup.
Support a S&T and/or RDT&E staff with RMF expertise and recommend projects requirements, scheduling, and budgeting of resources to ensure compliance with DoD and Federal agency requirements.
Perform other related duties as assigned.
Office environment. Some travel (15%) may be required.
Experience, Skills and Qualifications
Requires a bachelor’s degree in related field such as computer or information science, engineering or equivalent. Extensive experience with associates degree and certifications will be considered.
Ability to lead a small team, provide leadership and mentorship, and deliver documentation and projects on time in a fast past environment.
Requires minimum 5 – 7 years’ progressive experience in the related area as an individual contributor.
Expertise in Risk Management Framework and shepherding programs / projects through the RMF lifecycle (eMASS and ATO experience highly desired).
Certifications in compliance with DoD 8570.01-M IAM Level III required (CISM, CISSP, GSLC, or GCISO)
Advanced skillsets with Cisco equipment are highly desirable.
Ability to conduct complex troubleshooting, which requires both advanced technical and creative problem-solving skills.
Ability to support information assurance efforts, using best practices and procedures to protect CUI, proprietary and sensitive data from intrusion, loss, and corruption.
Ample experience designing, implementing, and troubleshooting small to medium sized network architectures.
Highly enthusiastic, creative, and passionate about supporting education and training capability for the warfighter and experienced working in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Positive, collaborative, and dedicated team player who provides IS administration subject matter expertise and guidance to successfully complete complex tasks.
Ability to balance multiple projects to meet tight deadlines and customer satisfaction.
Offer innovative and practical solutions for improving the quality of deliverables and efficacy of process execution.
Ability to operate efficiently in a Windows or Linux platform with advanced skills.
Experience communicating, briefing, and working with senior level government and industry leadership.
Knowledge of existing communications technologies and software.
Outstanding written (prose, editing, proofreading and presentation) and oral communications skills, especially the ability to articulate complex strategic situations and strategies and to effectively communicate to audiences with and without distributed learning experience.
Professional Candidate must be a U.S. citizen, have no foreign contacts, and the ability to obtain/maintain a DoD Secret security clearance.
This is an on-site position with some latitude to work from home dependent on project assigned and customer requirements.
HU20BrjkxL"	480	Washington
Network Engineer Level III	By Light Professional IT Services LLC	Washington, DC 20001 (Mount Vernon Square area)	None	"Overview:

By Light is seeking a Network Engineer Level III to join our team in a proposal to support the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) with Cyber Security Defense Services (CSDS). The scope of the project involves protecting USCIS' IT infrastructure and resources, information systems, and the information used in these environments from cybersecurity threats.
Current SEB operations include: deploying and operating cyber security tools, reviewing USCIS source code, assessing the security and effectiveness of USCIS systems, security tools and processes, providing security engineering expertise to other OIT divisions, securing USCIS Networks, operating the USCIS vulnerability management program, and developing and deploying solutions to automate security compliance USCIS systems hosted in cloud environments.
Responsibilities:

Our team will assess, architect, implement, deploy, and operate solutions for capturing security relevant information (e.g. log data, NetFlow data), and analyzing it to identify markers, patterns, and anomalies
that indicate intrusions, lateral movement, command and control, data exfiltration, or other security issues. We will operate the USCIS Security Event and Incident Management (SIEM) tool, and work collaboratively with development and operational teams to set and implement standards for logging. The system currently in use is Splunk Enterprise.
Required Experience/Qualifications:
Minimum of 10 years of experience in network engineering and operations and 3 years specialized experience deploying security products (Firewalls, IDS/IPS devices, StealthWatch, FirePOWER, Cisco ISE, ForeScout CounterACT, etc.).
Have one of the following active certifications: Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert (CCIE) Security, CCIE Wireless, CCIE Data Center, CCIE Routing & Switching, Cisco Certified Network Professional Security (CCNP Security), or other comparable certification or experience, which must be approved in advance by the Government Program Manager on a case-by-case basis.
Proficient in configuring, securing, and creating custom rule sets for: Cisco Nexus, Flexpod, IOS, Identity Services Engine (ISE), Stealthwatch, FirePOWER
Prior experience utilizing Cisco Prime, Orion Solarwinds or another configuration management tool to create enforceable configuration templates."	480	Washington
System Engineer III - Threat Mitigation and Incident Response	Octo	Bethesda, MD 20814	None	"System Engineer III - Threat Mitigation and Incident Response

You…

Supervise, coordinate and/or perform additions and changes to network hardware and operating systems, and attached devices; including investigation, analysis, recommendation, configuration, installation, and testing of new network hardware and software. Provide direct support in the day-to-day operations on network hardware and operating systems including the evaluation of system utilization, monitoring response time and primary support for detection and correction of operational problems. Troubleshoot at the physical level of the network, working with network measurement hardware and software, as well as physical checking and testing of hardware devices at the logical level working with communication protocols. Participate in planning design, technical review and implementation for new network infrastructure hardware and network operating systems for voice and data communication networks. Maintain network infrastructure standards including network communication protocols such as TCP/IP. Provide technical consultation, training and support to IT staff as designated by the government. Diagnose and resolve complex communication problems.. Perform analysis, design, and development of security features for Incident and Event management. The following are the detailed (but not limited to) tasks you will perform:
Enterprise security log collection and management;
Network and host-based intrusion detection and identification;
Real-time NIH network 24 x 7 enterprise security log and event monitoring and alerting;
Security operations and threat mitigation;
Information security and privacy incident response and management;
Performing incident triage on all incidents to determine scope, urgency, and operational impact;
Cloud application and infrastructure monitoring and alerting;
Investigating suspected intrusions and/or suspicious activities within 30 minutes of detection;
Participation in incident response tabletop exercise to validate existing processes and procedures and to document lessons learned;
Supporting escalations from Tier 1 that require advanced analytics and investigation;
Performing APT hunting activities;
Analyzing suspicious websites, emails, and web downloads for nefarious behaviors;
Performing malware analysis on suspicious network payloads;
Performing forensic analysis and provide recommendations in a forensics report on corrective actions to NIH on cyber intrusions and malware incidents;
Utilizing forensic and malware analysis tools to perform computer forensic services such as digital evidence preservation, analysis, data recovery, and documentation based on established procedures;
Conducting forensic evidence collection based on procedures compliant with NIST SP 800-86;
Acquiring full disk images, including volatile and non-volatile data when required;
Performing reverse engineering of suspicious code;
Performing Threat Intelligence Analysis and Situational Awareness;
Collecting, correlating, and disseminating relevant Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI);
Developing a monthly summary of IR Forensic Activities, including:

o Number of incidents supported;

o Number of artifacts analyzed;
o Number of IOCs collected and distributed;
o Percentage of files analyzed that are malicious;

o Number of email investigations; and

o Percentage of emails analyzed that are malicious.
Maintaining liaison and collaboration efforts with the Technical Lead, Program Manager and other designated responsible official in support of Cyber Incidents (CI) and Insider Threat activities;
Provide engineering support for the Security Operations Center (SOC) and Incident Response Team to provide enterprise solutions and solve complex problems; and
Ensure proper configurations and security controls of systems and agents managed by the SOC.

Us…

We were founded as a fresh alternative in the Government Consulting Community and are dedicated to the belief that results are a product of analytical thinking, agile design principles and that solutions are built in collaboration with, not for, our customers. This mantra drives us to succeed and act as true partners in advancing our client’s missions.

Program Mission…

The program you will be working on will provide Information Security Program Support Services to preserve the National Institute of Health (NIH) information, prevent data breaches and to support the following:
Enterprise information security governance, communications, program and project management, and security metrics and reporting;
Threat identification and incident handling, including security event detection and situational awareness;
Security awareness, education, and training;
Asset and inventory management, including both internal, external, and cloud systems;
Vulnerability assessment and mitigation, including vulnerability scanning, security configuration development and scanning, and internal and external penetration testing;
Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM);
Risk management, audit coordination, and corrective plan management;
Systems security assessment and authorization and plan of action and milestones (POA&M) management;
Security policy, standards and guidance formulation and oversight,

Requirements...
Experience with Enterprise Networks and systems;
Experience with Enterprise security log collection and management;
Experience with Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) processes and tools;
Experience with Security Orchestration, Automation and Response (SOAR) processes and tools;
Experience with Incident Management lifecycle including recording, triage, analysis, communication, resolution, and closure;
Experience with Computer Forensics lifecycle including identification, preservation, chain of custody, acquisition methods, investigation, analysis, communication and reporting;
Intimate knowledge of enterprise level security operations and threat mitigation practices; and
Strong communication, metrics collection, analysis and reporting skills.

Desired Skills:
Experience in Computer Forensic processes, practices and tools;
Experience in enterprise level Security Operation Center (SOC) management; and
Able to think “outside the box” and provide innovative and positive recommendation of improvements to incident mitigation and proactive prevention.

Years of Experience: 8+ years of experience in the detailed task areas.

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, Mathematics, or equivalent degree, (Technical Discipline preferred). The equivalent combination of education, professional training or work experience substituting each year of education with 1 year of experience (e.g. an Associate’s degree with 9+ years of experience) will be acceptable. One of the following certifications preferred:
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) – ISC2;
Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) – ISACA;
CompTIA Security+ - CompTIA;
EC-Council Certified Security Analyst (ECSA) – EC-Council;
Microsoft Certified Solution Expert (MCSE) – Microsoft;
Cybersecurity Analyst (CySA+) – CompTIA;
CompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP+) – CompTIA;
Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) – ISACA;

Location: Bethesda, MD (Remote work option during Covid-19 restrictions)

Clearance: U.S. Citizenship required and ability to attain a Level 6: Public Trust - High Risk clearance which must undergo a Suitability Determination that includes a Background Investigation (BI) with Periodic Reinvestigation (PRI) reinvestigation every ten years."	480	Washington
SAP Subject Matter Expert (Job #1190)	Sehlke Consulting LLC	Arlington, VA 22204 (Douglas Park area)	None	"LABOR CATEGORY: SAP Subject Matter Expert, Level 3, Business Systems Specialist Level 3
SEHLKE POSITION TITLE: SME III
LOCATION: Arlington, VA, remote
JOB DESCRIPTION: Sehlke Consulting is currently seeking qualified candidates to provide SAP and Navy Enterprise Resource Planning System (Navy ERP) systems support as it relates to consolidating the DON Financial Systems that support the Navy WCF and Navy General Fund Commands down to one general ledger and into the Navy ERP.
CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: Secret
LABOR CATEGORY DUTIES:Develop and execute deep dives and working sessions at BSOs/Commands to support ERP Requirements (Discovery)/Solution DeliveryCreate and revise as necessary core Navy ERP Suite Training (Content Development).Deliver core Navy ERP Suite Training.Develop job aids in cooperation with other Navy ERP support teams.Work with Navy ERP Sustainment team to identify additional/update training.Deliver On-Demand Training, as needed and as identified and approved by government lead, to close training gaps not met by On-Site trainingSupport data validation, data enrichment, and data correction during the mock data load process and during system cutover and the catch-up period between data load and “go-live.”Design and implement data collection, validation, enrichment, and correction processes to be used first in mock data load process and then for BSO/Command migration.Provide thought leadership during the transition, to not simply “lift and shift” SABRS business into ERP, but to correct and standardize business processes during the transition, in order to avoid duplicating any errant practices performed in the As-Is system in the To-Be systemProvide Change Management support to the affected BSOs and system users for Business Processes which will require change as a result of de-customizing the unique business processesWork with BSOs/Commands and other Key Stakeholders to identify Process changes and perform gap analysis.
///////////////////////////////////////////////
Level IV - SAP Subject Matter Expert Specialist
Minimum Experience: SAP experience designing, developing, testing and deploying SAP solutions in one of the following SAP modules; Financial Accounting (FI), Materials Management (MM), Project Systems (PS), Funds Management (FM), Human Resources (HR), Warehouse Management (WM), Sales and Distributions (SD), Controlling (CO), Asset Management (AM), Business Warehouse (BW), Suppler Relationship Management (SRM), Public Sector Collections and Disbursements (PSCD), SAP Workflow, SAP HANA, Environmental Health and Safety, Basis, ABAP, Business Objects, and Solution Manager (SM).
Years of Experience: Candidate must have a minimum of 10 years of experience within the past 15 years of progressive experience providing financial systems or business systems services to the Federal Government agencies or commercial companies.
Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university in Accounting, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or Information Systems
Level III - SAP Subject Matter Expert Specialist
Minimum Experience: Experience designing, developing, testing and deploying SAP solutions in one of the following SAP modules; Financial Accounting (FI), Materials Management (MM), Project Systems (PS), Funds Management (FM), Human Resources (HR), Warehouse Management (WM), Sales and Distributions (SD), Controlling (CO), Asset Management (AM), Business Warehouse (BW), Suppler Relationship Management (SRM), Public Sector Collections and Disbursements (PSCD), SAP Workflow, SAP HANA, Environmental Health and Safety, Basis, ABAP, Business Objects, and Solution Manager
Years of Experience: Candidate must have 5 years of full-time (excluding internships) experience within the past 10 years of progressive experience providing financial systems or business systems services to the Federal Government agencies or commercial companies.
Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Degree from accredited college or university in Accounting, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or Information Systems.
Level II - SAP Subject Matter Expert Specialist
Minimum Experience: Experience designing, developing, testing and deploying SAP solutions in one of the following SAP modules; Financial Accounting (FI), Materials Management (MM), Project Systems (PS), Funds Management (FM), Human Resources (HR), Warehouse Management (WM), Sales and Distributions (SD), Controlling (CO), Asset Management (AM), Business Warehouse (BW), Suppler Relationship Management (SRM), Public Sector Collections and Disbursements (PSCD), SAP Workflow, SAP HANA, Environmental Health and Safety, Basis, ABAP, Business Objects, and Solution Manager (SM)
Years of Experience: Candidate must have 3 years of full-time (excluding internships) experience within the past 10 years of progressive experience providing financial systems or business systems services to the Federal Government agencies or commercial companies.
Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Degree from accredited college or university in Accounting, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or Information Systems.
Founded in 2011, Sehlke Consulting is a rapidly-growing Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) headquartered in Arlington, VA. We are Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer that values the strength of diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, medical condition or disability."	480	Washington
Program Manager/Task Lead	CALNET INC.	Reston, VA 20191 (Hattontown area)	None	"Founded in 1989, CALNET, Inc. is a privately held company in the Technology, Intelligence Analysis, and Language Services consulting arena. Headquartered in Reston, VA and with a branch office in San Diego, CALNET employees deliver true value to our customers by employing best practices, world class technologies industry expertise in every project. CALNET is an ISO 9001, ISO 20000, ISO 27001, and CMMI-Level III certified.
We are currently searching for a talented, “PROGRAM MANAGER-TASK LEAD” to support the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) from our Reston, VA Headquarters. This individual will be spending some time travelling to NCIS HQ in Quantico, VA on a weekly basis. NCIS is the Department of the Navy (DoN) component with primary responsibility for criminal investigation, law enforcement (LE), counter-terrorism (CT), counterintelligence (CI), and physical and personnel security matters. NCIS has the primary investigative and CI jurisdiction within the DoN, and exclusive investigative jurisdiction in non-combat matters involving actual, potential, or suspected criminal, terrorism, sabotage, espionage, and subversive activities. NCIS requires technical support services through their Information Technology Common Services Unit (ITCSU), which executes its shared mission through the auspices of NCIS’ executive sponsorship. The functional support to the ITCSU spans multiple areas, including project management, software maintenance, data management, program management assistance, daily operations, and customer service. This candidate will be the Overall manager for the contractor effort who will serve as the Contractor's authorized point of contact with the Contracting Officer Representative, and is responsible for managing scope, budget, schedule and performance. Provides direction, prioritization, coordination, and conflict resolution while managing project teams that accomplish project objectives. Senior-level project manager with a demonstrated ability to lead and manage a multi-disciplinary team of technical and technical support staff for Government customers in the information technology domain. Excellent written and spoken communication skills are required, as well as the ability to work with all levels of management.
Qualifications:
 Must have a current Active SECRET security clearance and eligible for a TS/SCI.
 Minimum of ten (10) years of intensive and progressive experience working in IT or engineering industries.
 Demonstrated ability of managing at least 12 or more IT professionals in similar program requirements.
 Greater than one year managing complex organizations of which he/she had total responsibility for the financial success of the organizational unit.
 Demonstrated project and risk management skills including ability to manage multiple priorities, resources, customers, and managers with a focus on consistency and accuracy.
 Skilled in the use of MS Project.
 Requires a Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.
Location: Reston, VA (with some travel to Quantico, VA).
To be considered for this opportunity, please send a word copy of your resume to helena@calnet.com.
Applicant must be a U.S Citizen and have a Current Active SECRET Security Clearance.
CALNET, Inc. offers a competitive salary and a generous benefits package. This package includes medical, dental, vision, life, short and long term disability insurances, a 401(k)-retirement savings plan, and generous leave time.
CALNET, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. EEO/M/F/D/V"	480	Washington
Management Analyst III (CRS)	CGI Group, Inc.	Washington, DC 20022	None	"Management Analyst III (CRS)


Position Description

CGI Federal is seeking a Management Analyst III to support the Community Relation Services division of DOJ in Washington DC

Your future duties and responsibilities

The incumbent contractor serves as the secondary operations reporting analyst, reporting to the Associate Director. Selects and adapts plans, techniques, designs, or layouts that ensure component practices align to all governing policies, procedures, rules and laws


MAJOR DUTIES
Performs non-routine and assists the case manager with complex assignments involving responsibility for planning and conducting a complete project of relatively limited scope or a portion of a larger and more diverse project.Contacts personnel, including all Conciliation Specialist, Senior Conciliation Specialist, Regional Directors and Headquarters staff, in related activities to resolve problems and coordinate the work; reviews, analyzes, and integrates the technical work of others.Under the supervision of the case manager, assists in the following activities:
1) Monitoring the alignment between case reporting and component reporting for purposes of meeting all agency established objectives, requirements, and design approaches; completed work is reviewed for technical adequacy and satisfaction of requirements by the Associate Director and Training Specialist and Deputy Director and Director upon request.

2)Designs, develops, and constructs major processes for accurately capturing the nuanced work performed by conciliators and the impact such work has, from a collective perspective, for purposes of reporting the component's performance to Congress.

3)Conducts tests or experiments on the best format for liaising with conciliators and capturing all relevant data and maintaining a current case report catalogue of all services and resources being provided by conciliators.

4)Analyzes results and redesigns or modifies communication system, and reporting process, and case report catalogue to improve accuracy and ease of searching the catalogue for data upon request for reports.

5)Analyzes conciliator case data to determine applicability to CRS Methodology problems; selects from several possible reporting trends; identifies issues with case reporting system and CRS Methodology and prepares layouts, detailed specifications, and written recommendations of specific suggested modifications to both systems for purposes of resolving design issues.

6)May conduct research to analyze various case reporting system designs to determine which practices work best for CRS

Required qualifications to be successful in this role

All employees providing Administrative support under this contract shall be able to read, write, and speak English well enough to effectively communicate with all internal/external customers.


Must be able to obtain a DOJ waiver

Must have a HS diploma

Must be able to pass the CGI Federal background investigation

4+ years of relevant work experience

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change-supporting our clients' digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.


At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com .

No unsolicited agency referrals please."	480	Washington
Information Systems Security Manager	Raytheon Intelligence & Space	Arlington, VA	None	"Businesses Raytheon Intelligence & Space
Clearance type Secret - Current
Relocation eligible No
Ability to Telecommute Temporary telecommuting - during COVID-19
Job ID 179381BR
Most Recent Date Posted 06/15/2021
City Arlington
State VA
Country United States
Raytheon Technologies is supporting a U.S. Government customer to provide support for onsite incident response to civilian Government agencies and critical asset owners who experience cyber-attacks, providing immediate investigation and resolution. Contract personnel perform investigations to characterize of the severity of breaches, develop mitigation plans, and assist with the restoration of services. Raytheon Intelligence & Space (RIS) is seeking an Information Systems Security Manager to support this critical customer mission.


Responsibilities:
Assisting technical/management leadership on major tasks or technology assignments
Establishing goals and plans that meet project objectives
Assisting in direction and control activities, having overall responsibility for security management, methods, and staffing to ensure that technical requirements are met
Participating in client negotiations and interfacing with senior management
Supporting decision making and domain knowledge that may have a critical impact on overall project implementation
Providing support to plan, coordinate, and implement a cybersecurity lab’s information security
Providing support for facilitating and helping the lab identify its current security infrastructure and define future programs, design and implementation of security related to lab systems
Assisting the efforts of security staff to design, develop, engineer and implement solutions to security requirements
Implementing and development of the DHS IT security standards
Gathering and organizing technical information about the lab’s mission goals and needs, existing security products, and ongoing programs
Performing risk analyses which also includes risk assessment
Planning and leading major technology assignments
Evaluating performance results and recommends major changes affecting short-term project growth and success
Functioning as a cyber technical expert across multiple project assignments


Required Skills:
U.S. CitizenshipMust have an active Secret clearanceMust be able to obtain a TS/SCI clearanceMust be able to obtain DHS Suitability5+ years of directly relevant experience in information security managementExperience working on multiple complex assignments which are broad in nature, requiring originality and innovation in determining how to accomplish tasks
Ability to apply a comprehensive knowledge across key tasks and high impact assignments
Knowledge of Computer Network Defense (CND) policies, procedures & regulationsKnowledge of defense-in-depth principles and network security architectureKnowledge of boundary protection and enclavingKnowledge of authentication and access management techniquesExperience with three or more of the following:Understanding of business security practices and proceduresWorking with current state of the art security toolsImplementing security controls for hardware and softwareEncryption techniques and toolsApplication of security practices in a cyber lab environmentMust be able to work collaboratively across physical locations

Desired Skills:
Experience leading and mentoring technical teams
Experience with Xacta and ContinuumExperience with Splunk, Tenable, Tanium and End GameExperience with Net App

Required Education:
BS Information Management, Cybersecurity, Computer Science or related degree. Two years of related work experience may be substituted for each year of degree level education.

Desired Certifications:
DoD 8140.01 IAT Level III, CISSP, CISM, CASP, Linux +
HIRTRIS
179381

Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class."	480	Washington
Lead Contract Specialist	US Defense Information Systems Agency	Fort Meade, MD	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
These positions are located in Defense Information Technology Contracting Organization - National Capital Region (PL6) at Fort Meade, Maryland.

-Initial review of applicants will occur 7 days after the announcement opens.


Additional reviews of applicants will occur at the 30 and 60 day cutoff and the closing date of the announcement.
Responsibilities
Serve as Lead Contract Specialist within the Defense Information Technology Contracting Organization - National Capital Region (DITCO-NCR) and warranted Contracting Officer with limited or unlimited signatory authority.
Develop solicitations, evaluate proposals, conduct cost/price analysis, complete negotiations, lead source selection, prepare contracts, and award and administer contracts for large, complex procurements of IT products and services.
Direct/perform the full range of contract administration actions required for complex/significant programs.
Provide leadership to the team in exploring alternatives and determining what improvements can be made to work methods, processes, and procedures.
Train or arrange for the training of team members in methods and techniques of team building and works in teams to accomplish tasks or projects, and provide or arrange for specific administrative or technical training necessary.
Represent the team in dealings with the supervisor or manager for the purpose of obtaining resources and securing needed information or decisions from the supervisor on major work problems and issues that arise.
Lead the team in meetings with various customers and vendors to discuss emerging requirements, implementation, or administration issues.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
1102 Contracting
Similar jobs
Contracting Managers
Managers, Contracting
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S.Citizen.
This national security position, which may require access to classified information, requires a favorable suitability review and security clearance as a condition of employment. Failure to maintain security eligibility may result in termination.
OGE-450 Financial Disclosure Statement Required.
Critical Acquisition Position.
Qualifications
Time in Grade Requirements:

For entry at the GS-14 level, status applicants must have served 52 weeks as a GS-13 or higher grade in the Federal Service.

Basic Education Standards for positions in the 1102 series:

Bachelor's degree from an accredited education institution authorized to grant baccalaureate degrees.

All applicants must provide a copy of your transcripts. Failure to provide this information will result in disqualification.

Education Exemptions: The education requirements listed above apply only to individuals entering DoD 1102 positions on or after October 1, 2000. Current DoD employees or Armed Forces members, who occupied GS-1102 positions or contracting positions with authority to award or administer contracts above the simplified acquisition threshold in an Executive Department on or before September 30, 2000, are exempt from meeting this requirement. Failure to provide SF-50 or career brief (for Armed Forces members) dated prior to October 1, 2000 will result in disqualification (this includes DISA employees).

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

Foreign Education: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services at the time of application. National Association of Credential Evaluation Services.

Specialized Experience:

For the GS-14, you must have at least one year of specialized experience equivalent in level of difficulty and responsibility to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal Service, Military, or Private Sector.

Specialized Experience is defined as experience, as a warranted contracting officer, in the planning, soliciting, evaluating, negotiating, awarding, and administering of multi-million dollar contracts in support of the Federal Government to include all pre-award and post-award phases of the acquisition life cycle for information technology systems and services.

Candidates must describe how their experience meets the specialized experience requirement within the body of their resume.

In addition to meeting the specialized experience requirements, qualified applicants must also possess the quality of experience as it relates to how closely or to what extent an applicant's background, recency of experience, education, and training are relevant to the duties and responsibilities of the announced position. Candidates must clearly demonstrate the possession of knowledge, skills and abilities, or competencies necessary to successfully perform the work of the position at the appropriate level to be qualified for the position. Applicants must describe how their experience meets the competencies within the body of the resume. No separate statements addressing KSA's or competencies are required.

Competencies: Communication, Contracting/Procurement, Leading People, and Technical Competence

Qualification and time-in-grade requirements must be met within 30 days after the submission of your application.
Education
There is no substitution of education for specialized experience at the GS-14 grade level.
Additional information
This announcement will be used to fill 3 vacancies.
Initial review of applicants will occur 7 days after the announcement opens.
Additional reviews of applicants will occur at the 30 and 60 day cutoff and the closing date of the announcement.
A two year probationary or trial period may be required.
Telework availability will be based upon the mission requirements and supervisory determination.
We may use this announcement to fill additional vacancies within 90 days of the closing date.
Moving costs MAY be paid.
Recruitment, relocation, or retention incentives MAY be authorized. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 makes certain reimbursements/payments taxable. For information on these changes and the Relocation Income Tax Allowance (RITA), for which some appointees are eligible, click here.
This is a covered position and the person selected for this position must complete an OGE Form 450, Confidential Financial Disclosure Report within 30 days of appointment pursuant to 5 CFR 2634.903(b) (DoD 5500.7).
This is a Critical Acquisition Position in the DAWIA career field of Contracting. Selectee must meet Acquisition Corps requirements or have an approved waiver prior for placement in this position. All candidates who meet the basic qualification requirements will be considered-candidates will not be screened out if they do not meet Acquisition Corps requirements. In accordance with the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act and DoD 5000.66, selectee must be Level III certified (or be eligible for certification within 24 months of appointment) in the Contracting career field. Mandatory training, experience and education DAWIA requirements will be used during the rating process. Selectees for this position must sign a written agreement to remain in the Federal Service in this Critical Acquisition Position for a minimum of three years unless waived.
For more information on veterans' preference click here.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service (to verify your registration status click here).
The Department of Defense (DoD) policy on employment of annuitants issued March 18, 2004 will be used in determining eligibility of annuitants.
This position is subject to the limitations imposed by the DOD Priority Placement Program.
Priority Placement Program (PPP) Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligible candidates will receive priority consideration at the full performance level only.
For more information regarding qualifications requirements please click here.
You may submit a cover letter which will be forwarded to the selecting official with your resume. Your cover letter will not be used to verify your qualifications or eligibility.
If you are unable to apply online, view the following link for information regarding Alternate Application.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the application process is complete, a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be made and compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine if you are qualified for this job. The numeric rating you receive is based on your responses to the questionnaire. The score is a measure of the degree to which your background matches the competencies required for this position. If, after reviewing your resume and or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating.

The Assessment Questionnaire takes approximately 15 minutes to complete and collects information on your education, training and experience related to the following critical competencies:
Communication
Contracting/Procurement
Leading People
Technical Competence

You can preview the Assessment Questionnaire here: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11124145

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
FOR THIS JOB ANNOUNCEMENT THE FOLLOWING SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS ARE REQUIRED AS THEY APPLY STATED BELOW AND MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE CLOSE OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT. NOT ALL DOCUMENTS WILL APPLY TO EVERYONE.

Transcripts (REQUIRED): This position has positive education requirements; you must submit all of your transcripts. The absence of this information will result in an ineligible rating.
SF-50 (if applicable) Notification of Personnel Action for current or former Federal employees: All applicants to include current agency employees MUST provide your most recent SF50 or the SF50 reflecting Career/Career-Conditional tenure and the highest grade held on a permanent basis.
Veterans Preference Documentation (if applicable):
You must submit a copy of your DD Form-214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty"", showing the dates of active duty service, type of discharge and the character of service. Alternatively, If you are a current military member in active duty service and do not have a copy of your DD Form-214, you must submit a written documentation (certification) from your branch of service certifying that you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty under honorable conditions no later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application for this position. The certification should also include your rank, dates of active duty service and what they condition of discharge is thought to be.
If claiming 10-point preference and/or are a 30% or more Disabled Veteran, you must submit both a DD Form-214 or expected discharge documentation as described above AND a copy of a letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) or your branch of service certifying the presence of service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of disability.
If you are claiming eligibility based on 10-point derived veterans' preference (i.e. a spouse, widow/widower, or parent of a veteran claiming veterans' preference when the veteran is unable to use it), you must also submit a Standard Form 15 (SF-15) ""Application for 10-Point Veteran's Preference"" and any required documents indicated on the SF-15 to substantiate the claimed preference.
Military Spouse Preference (if applicable): Spousal Permanent Change of Station (PCS) orders, marriage certificate/license, and a MILITARY SPOUSE PPP SELF-CERTIFICATION CHECKLIST are required to claim Military Spouse Preference. The Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist can be found here: Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist.


Your complete Application Package (containing the above required documents) must be received no later than 11:59 pm Eastern Time on 08/18/2021.

WARNING: Failure to submit a complete application package including any required documentation by 11:59 PM (EST) on 08/18/2021, or at the time of application for announcements with an extended closing date, may result in an ineligible rating and loss of consideration. To verify that your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select Application Status and More Information. The Details page will display the status of your application. It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered, uploaded is received, legible and accurate. HR will not modify answers submitted by an applicant.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Military spouses
Clarification from the agency
Current Competitive Service Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) employees and Military Spouses Preference eligibles in the local area."	480	Washington
Army IT Acquisition Program Manager	Barbaricum	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"Army IT Acquisition Program Manager
Fort Belvoir, VA /
Mission Support /
Full-Time
Apply for this job
Barbaricum supports government clients with Integrated Communications, Mission Support, and Cyber Security/Intelligence. Our passion is innovation and we are committed to client value and effective technical solutions. We are an ISO 9001:2015-certified and CMMI Level 3 appraised, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in Washington, DC. Our mission is to transform the ways the U.S. Government approaches problem sets of increasing complexity by delivering innovative solutions, particularly in support of National Security missions.

Barbaricum is one of the fastest-growing companies in our market. The company is routinely recognized by institutions like Inc. Magazine, GovCon, AMEC, PRSA, and SmartCEO for corporate growth, capabilities, and award-winning client work. Our team is dynamic and agile, providing global support to current missions across five continents. We are also focused on developing and maintaining our vibrant corporate culture, having been recently named one of the best places to work by Inc. Magazine.
Barbaricum is seeking an experienced Program Manager to support the mission of the Product Manager Power Projection Enablers (PdM P2E). The Chief Information Officer of the Army has charged PdM P2E with procuring and installing leading-edge technologies including Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (C4I) systems; computer and communication networks; network convergence; cloud computing; cyber security compliance; visual displays; product tools; product architecture; modeling; electro-optics; transport; radio frequency devices; control systems; and instrumentation equipment. Support and services performed under this contract include administration, operations, logistics, engineering, knowledge management, information technology, and program management support to PdM P2E.
Responsibilities
Serve as the Government’s point of contact.
Provide technical supervision and guidance for all Contractor personnel assigned to the contract.
Lead the Support Contract team in providing best business practices to the program office.
Oversee all contractual responsibilities and delivery of all contract deliverables.
Ensure that an efficient, effective, and economical level of contract support is provided to the program office.
Provide oversight of staff and support activities.
Maintain contract costs.
Coordinate with the COR, and, as required by the PMO, to fill vacancies with the most qualified personnel.
Manage overall contract performance to include: providing subcontract management, monitoring invoicing, coordinating contract change proposals, and understanding the needs and customer expectations to ensure customer satisfaction.
Qualifications
Active DoD Secret Clearance required
Experience in Army Acquisition Process is preferred but other DoD relevant experience is acceptable
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification or DAU Level III Project Management certification required
Bachelor’s degree or preferably a Master’s degree in a IT or Business field
8+ years of related PM experience
Possess strong management and leadership skills, as well as written and oral communications skills
Demonstrated familiarity with industry best practices and Government contract and subcontract management
Additional Information
For more information about Barbaricum, please visit our website at www.barbaricum.com. We will contact candidates directly to schedule interviews. No phone calls please."	480	Washington
IT Audit Team Lead / Manager	CEDENT	Washington, DC	None	"Title: IT Audit Team Lead / Manager Level@ Washington, DC
Terms of Hire: Full time.
Job description:
The IT Audit Team Lead assists with planning, executing and reporting audits of complex functionalities and output of various information technology systems, applications or platforms/operating systems, financial and statistical models, or risk management activities for compliance with corporate policies and procedures. Fully demonstrate generalized knowledge of the mortgage industry and Client’s business operations. Fully demonstrate specialized knowledge of the mortgage industry and Client’s business operations as it applies to models, risk management, or technology systems.
In this role you will have the flexibility to make each day your own, while working alongside people who care so that you can deliver on the following responsibilities:
Apply specialized technical knowledge and expertise to perform reviews relating to the full life cycle of models, information technology applications, or risk management/analysis used across the company.
Successfully perform all key job functions of the IT Auditor III role at a higher level of complexity, scope and autonomy. Assist with coordinating and administering assignments, monitoring audit team progress and managing budgets and schedules.
Serve as day-to-day project leader for audits ensuring projects are completed on-time and within scope and budget. Identify risks and assess potential impact of risks on the organization; use a risk-based approach to develop and adjust audit plans as appropriate and determine areas requiring additional analysis. Review and finalize staff work papers and deliverables with IT Audit Manager/Director. Review and finalize audit reports with IT Audit Manager/Director.
Track results of prior audits and facilitate appropriate corrective action. Continually strengthen and improve the governance, risk and control environment of the organization acting as a key driver of change within Internal Audit and across the organization.
Provide day-to-day project management oversight of other IT Auditors (including project guidance and informal coaching). Conduct first level review of work and documentation; leverage IT Audit Manager/Director guidance as needed. Communicate project team and audit objectives; inspire and motivate team members to achieve results.
Build and maintain relationships with business partners at the manager and staff levels. Provide advice and share Internal Audit knowledge with business partner managers and staff to strengthen governance, risk and control environments, as appropriate.
Qualifications::
Education Level (Required): Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent
Education Level (Preferred): MS and/or MB
Areas of Study (Preferred): Accounting, Finance, Economics, Business Administration, Information Systems, Math, or related
Certifications (Required): One or more of the following: CISA, CIA, CISSP, CPA
Experience:
5+ years of relevant experience
Working knowledge of technology infrastructure, e.g. Network, Operating Systems (Unix, Windows), Databases, Middleware, Web Applications
General understanding of information security practice, industry frameworks, and regulatory requirements related to Cybersecurity and/or Cloud implementation
Exposure to cyber and cloud technologies
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Critical thinking and data analytic skills
You Will Enjoy:
An opportunity to be a part of a great culture, an awesome team, a challenging work environment, and some fun along the way!
Apply today to learn more and be part of our Growth story.
All applications will be kept strictly confidential and once shortlisted, our team will be in touch with you for further discussions."	480	Washington
Missile Data Management Systems Engineer III	Serco North America	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"Position Description:

Missile Data Management Systems Engineer III
Serco is looking for an experienced and enthusiastic team member to join a high-profile and challenging project supporting the US Navy. The Missile Data Manager III will be on a dynamic team, supporting integrated combat systems at our client’s site. Bring your expertise and collaborative skills to make an impact towards our military defense and safety of our Sailors.
You will be part of a team that works closely with the customer and other Serco team members to deliver high technology Naval systems. You will provide technical support for our customer as part of an integrated team both on-site in Arlington, Virginia and by telework. In this role, you will:
Serve as the government-information manager for the development of a major surface ship air defense missile system upgrade.
Provide technical assistance to the government missile system upgrade manager by supporting the Configuration, Data, and Property Management Integrated Product Team responsible for configuration management, data management, and property management of this development and production project.
Plan and coordinate delivery of data across a complex contract and multiple government organizations within a family of products, maintaining data in the government data-environment, ensuring data developed for the program is preserved.
Coordinate across contracts to ensure appropriate data-rights language is included, data is delivered in accordance with the associated Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL), properly marked, indexed, and retained.
Assist with monitoring of production deliveries across product lines, working with manufacturers to assess production status, ensure delivery schedules support the overall Integrated Master Schedule, assist the government in adjudicating conflicts, and raise issues or develop mitigations as required.
Track data and material deliveries and transfers as Government Furnished Information/Material (GFI/GFM) to other development or production efforts.
Coordinate Configuration Control Boards (CCB), ensure adherence to the program-office-approved Configuration Management (CM) process, and provide regular updates to the project team and management. Recommend updates to the CM process as required.
Work proactively with minimal supervision, working closely with customer personnel, other contractor staff, and industry in providing solutions to complex problems and advice on technical issues. Work independently and as part of a team to meet program/project completion dates.
Prepare and review input to major technical reports, status reports, official government correspondence, technical memoranda, contract reports, and presentations.
Develop and present briefings to government and contractor personnel. Support meetings and systems engineering reviews. Coordinate across the program office enterprise to record, track progress, report on, and drive actions to completion.
Comply with applicable quality and security procedures in the performance of duties. Follow standards for internal quality assurance of work products. Review work of peers and junior staff for quality, completeness, and technical correctness.
Perform additional duties and responsibilities as assigned.
Qualifications:

To be successful in this role, you will have:
A Bachelor's degree. Your degree should be in an area of STEM, i.e., science, technology, engineering, mathematics. (In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for more than ten years of applicable work experience.)
Five years of related work experience. (Work experience may be adjusted based on education, highly specialized knowledge, or uniquely applicable experience.)
Experience with DoD acquisition programs or surface Navy weapon systems is strongly desired.
Veterans are encouraged to apply.
Additional desired experience and skills:
Demonstrated command of systems engineering principles, DoD acquisition program management processes, configuration management, technical management, or business management.
Effective customer and organizational-level communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills.
This is more about your ability to take on a task and run with it with energy and enthusiasm than to have direct experience in all responsibilities of this position.
An Active DoD Secret security clearance with eligibility for Top Secret clearance required.
If you are interested in supporting and working with our military and sailors and a passionate Serco team- then submit your application now for immediate consideration. It only takes a few minutes and could change your career!
Company Overview:

Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has over 9,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).
To review Serco benefits please visit: https://www.serco.com/na/careers/benefits-of-choosing-serco.
If you require an accommodation with the application process please email: careers@serco-na.com or call the HR Service Desk at 800-628-6458, option 1. Please note, due to EEOC/OFCCP compliance, Serco is unable to accept resumes by email.
Serco does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies without being a contracted approved vendor. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Serco and will not be obligated to pay a placement or contract fee. If you are interested in becoming an approved vendor at Serco, please email Agencies@serco-na.com."	480	Washington
Resource Analyst III	ASET Partners	Herndon, VA	None	"In a world where there is seemingly an infinite number of Government Services firms, we strive to not just be ""a"" place to work, but to be ""the"" place to work! Here at ASET Partners we are looking for a highly skilled, exceptionally motivated Resource Analyst to bring onto our team to work alongside with and help support an Intelligence Agency in Chantilly, Virginia.

Responsibilities:

Demonstrate an understanding of relevant statutes, regulations, and policies in resource utilization and in the budget development and execution processes
Evaluate whether program execution is proceeding within available resource constraints and is remaining consistent with goals
Recognize the relevance of analytic results, including historical trends and significant findings in constructing budget submissions and assessing budget execution
Contribute to documentation, briefings, and discussions that represent, explain, and justify program directions and resource requirements
Support the annual budget build by developing the Program Budget Submission and the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB)
Coordinate cross-agency activities with resource managers and policy counterparts to ensure agency-wide integration
Review highly complex and/or sensitive Agency initiatives and draw conclusions about required funding levels
Conduct business expense audits
Process audit adjustment accountings
Serve as a team lead or first-line supervisor

Qualifications:

Active Full Scope Poly
A bachelor's degree in finance or related field
Master's degree in quantitative analysis, financial analysis, social sciences, or related field
At least 3 years of experience in project/program management, quantitative analysis, financial analysis, or structured approaches to analysis to include data manipulation

ASET Snapshot:

We are a growing IT consulting and professional services firm that combines large-business experience with small-business efficiency and ingenuity
Founded in 2008
We are a HUBZone certified small business
Profitable from day one, zero debt
Offices in Alexandria, VA and Baltimore, MD
Over 75 employees and growing
Over 15 active contracts supporting 10+ Federal Agencies
Our mission is to drastically change our client's expectations... one program at a time

Top 10 Reasons Our Employees Love Working at ASET:
1. Outstanding benefits! Including: health, dental, and vision care, a 401k retirement plan with up to a 4% company paid contribution, and employee achievement and merit awards to name a few.

2. We have very high hiring standards, so their co-workers are just as smart and talented as they are.

3. We are not profit driven; we are results driven and believe that profits will follow.

4. Unlike Office Space, our employees do not have eight bosses. They have just one or two, and they are not micromanagers. It's not our style and we just don't have time for it!

5. We're different than the rest. Our employees love our unique small-company culture.

6. We have established a trusted relationship with all our clients and refuse to make recommendations that aren't in our clients' best interests.

7. They feel appreciated and recognized for the contributions they make each day.

8. We offer a healthy work-life balance, flexible schedules, and competitive pay.

9. They love that we have been constantly growing. It's exciting to add new folks and it offers many opportunities for career advancement and growth.

10. We work hard, and we play hard, too! We host quarterly company-wide lunches, regular happy hours and an annual New Year's party in January as a way of saying 'thank you' to our hard-working staff.

ASET Partners Corporation is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class."	480	Washington
Maintenance Tech III	Foulger-Pratt	Alexandria, VA	None	"Job Details
Description
Foulger-Pratt Companies, a leading multi-industry firm, has an exciting opportunity for an experienced Maintenance Technician III to join our team in Alexandria, Virginia. Foulger-Pratt has a dedicated and professional culture defined by six Core Values that have enabled it to develop more than 15 million square feet of commercial office, multi-family residential and retail projects. Foulger-Pratt offers a uniquely integrated assembly of services that allows us to provide a streamlined, holistic approach to our partners, investors, and clients.

The Maintenance Technician III will be responsible for performing all necessary property maintenance to maintain and enhance the property as directed by the Maintenance Manager. Responsibilities include: Overseeing the apartment turnover schedule, provide general maintenance, drywall, painting, assist with grounds maintenance and inspections, after hour emergency calls, snow removal and responding to resident service requests. Ideal candidates will possess overall maintenance knowledge, exceptional organizational skills, and trouble-shooting abilities with skills in HVAC, carpentry, equipment, and tool usage.

Foulger-Pratt’s dedication to standards and their Core Values have earned them great respect in the industries of property management, construction, and development. Employees are offered an extensive benefits package, an exciting wellness program and potential for growth within the company. Amongst the benefit offerings are:

Five medical plans with HSA options
Three dental plans
Company paid Life and Disability.
401(k)/Roth
Flexible Spending Accounts
Pet Insurance
Commuter benefits
Tuition Reimbursement
And more!

Join a team of professionals that perform at a higher level by living the Foulger-Pratt mission and Core Values. Our values establish the standards by which we operate together as a company.

EOE
Qualifications
Skills
Required
Superb Customer Service
Advanced
Troubleshooting
Advanced
Teamwork
Advanced
Relationship Management
Advanced
HVAC
Advanced
MS Office
Intermediate
Communication - Verbal & Written
Advanced
Education
Required
High School or better in Liberal Studies.
Preferred
Technical/other training or better.
Experience
Required
3 years: Experience in multifamily industry
2 years: Verifiable proficiency in general maintenance
Licenses & Certifications
Required
Type III CFC"	480	Washington
Configuration Manager III	Endepth Solutions	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Position Summary:
This role will work in a small team to stand up configuration management (CM) of developmental and operational systems. This includes hands-on tasking related to CM, installing and using CM tools, and maintaining the CM environment for hardware and software. Also, with the team, this role will help define a detailed level of processes that include, for example, creating product build scripts. This role will help ensure processes are followed. This role will assist with developing or modifying CM plans, policies, and procedures tailored to the complexity and scope of the developmental or operational system and it will manage, maintain, and develop the CM environment. A successful candidate will be able to work independently.

Requirements:

Eight (8) year's experience as a CM in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.
Bachelor's degree in a technical or business discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of additional configuration management experience may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
A Master's degree may be substituted for two (2) years of experience.
Must have completed and remain current on all Cyberspace Workforce Improvement Program (CWIP) certification requirements. Level I required at start and must obtain Level III within 6 months after start.
Experience using configuration management tools to store, track, and manage configuration items
Implement hardware and software version control processes, policies and procedures
Maintain the CM environment for hardware and software product build, staging, testing and integration
Develop hardware and software version control processes, policies and procedures and ensure that they are followed on hardware and software development projects
Must hold a current and active TS/SCI with Polygraph

Desired Skills:

Atlassian (Jira, Confluence, Bamboo, etc.)
JIRA workflows
CM Process development
Documentation

Company Description:
Founded in 2010, EnDepth Solutions sets the standard for Cyber Security services and innovation within the DoD and Intelligence Community. EnDepth's core competencies are Security Engineering, Certification & Accreditation, and System Security Testing.

Our professional staff bring high-level technology skills and industry knowledge and work closely with clients to design and implement a security solution closely tied to enterprise objectives. EnDepth Solutions is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) with numerous prime and sub contracts with customers in the Intelligence Community.

Benefits Summary:
We are proud to offer our employees a selection of high-quality benefits, including:


Competitive Salaries
Health Insurance – a choice of Gold level plans from United Healthcare
Employer-funded Health Savings Account (HSA)
Dental, Vision & Life Insurance
Short-term and Long Term Disability plans – 100% Employer paid
Safe-Harbor 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
10 Holidays and competitive Paid Time Off (PTO) and Comp Time
Professional Development and Educational Reimbursement
Employee Referral Bonus
Company Sponsored Events

EnDepth Solutions is committed to a diverse workforce, as such, we will make all hiring decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. Due to security clearance requirements, U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions."	480	Washington
Information Security Manager II	VariQ Corporation	Arlington, VA	None	"Overview:

Variq is seeking is supporting a U.S. Government customer to provide support for onsite incident response to civilian Government agencies and critical asset owners who experience cyber-attacks, providing immediate investigation and resolution. Contract personnel perform investigations to characterize of the severity of breaches, develop mitigation plans, and assist with the restoration of services. We are seeking a Information Systems Security Manager to support this critical customer mission.
Additional Information:
Location: Arlington VA
Salary: Dependent on experience
Security Clearance: Must have an active Secret clearance
Must be able to obtain a TS/SCI clearance
Must be able to obtain DHS Suitability
Availability: Within 2 weeks
Responsibilities:
Assisting technical/management leadership on major tasks or technology assignments
Establishing goals and plans that meet project objectives
Assisting in direction and control activities, having overall responsibility for security management, methods, and staffing to ensure that technical requirements are met
Participating in client negotiations and interfacing with senior management
Supporting decision making and domain knowledge that may have a critical impact on overall project implementation
Providing support to plan, coordinate, and implement a cybersecurity lab’s information security
Providing support for facilitating and helping the lab identify its current security infrastructure and define future programs, design and implementation of security related to lab systems
Assisting the efforts of security staff to design, develop, engineer and implement solutions to security requirements
Implementing and development of the DHS IT security standards
Gathering and organizing technical information about the lab’s mission goals and needs, existing security products, and ongoing programs
Performing risk analyses which also includes risk assessment
Planning and leading major technology assignments
Evaluating performance results and recommends major changes affecting short-term project growth and success
Functioning as a cyber technical expert across multiple project assignments
Qualifications:

Required Skills:
U.S. Citizenship
Must have an active Secret clearance
Must be able to obtain a TS/SCI clearance
Must be able to obtain DHS Suitability
2+ years of directly relevant experience in information security management
Experience working on multiple complex assignments which are broad in nature, requiring originality and innovation in determining how to accomplish tasks
Ability to apply a comprehensive knowledge across key tasks and high impact assignments
Knowledge of Computer Network Defense (CND) policies, procedures & regulations
Knowledge of defense-in-depth principles and network security architecture
Knowledge of boundary protection and enclaving
Knowledge of authentication and access management techniques
Experience with three or more of the following:
Understanding of business security practices and procedures
Working with current state of the art security tools
Implementing security controls for hardware and software
Encryption techniques and tools
Application of security practices in a cyber lab environment
Must be able to work collaboratively across physical locations
Desired Skills:
Experience leading and mentoring technical teams
Experience with Xacta and Continuum
Experience with AWS Guard Duty
Experience with Nessus
Required Education:
BS Information Management, Cybersecurity, Computer Science or related degree. Two years of related work experience may be substituted for each year of degree level education.
Desired Certifications:
DoD 8140.01 IAT Level III, CISSP, CISM, CASP, AWS Security, AWS Cloud Foundations
OTHER DUTIES
This job description is not designed to cover a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities are subject to change at any time. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these functions.
While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, sit, and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate.
NOTE
All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.
VariQ is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected class. We consider diversity and inclusiveness to be core to our culture, and central to our commitment to fostering an empowering and supportive workplace."	480	Washington
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Property Manager III	WinnCompanies	Washington, DC	None	"Property Manager III
Washington, DC, USA Req #8120
 Wednesday, June 16, 2021
Market. Manage. Maintain. These are just a few of the many hats you’ll be wearing in this highly visible role of Property Manager at WinnCompanies! You will oversee all operational aspects of a 255-unit Section 8 community located in Washington, DC. You will be responsible for maintaining the community, supporting its residents, and developing team members all while meeting financial objectives of the owner and management company.
Responsibilities
Maintain optimum level of occupancy through wait list management and proactive marketing
Process timely and accurate move-ins, move-outs, and recertifications
Supervise and assist Assistant Property Manager or Occupancy Specialist with annual and interim recertification 50059s and TICs in compliance with WinnCompanies guidelines, local, state, and federal regulations.
Approve rental applications for multiple programs following property and agency standards
Maintain compliance with all state and federal program regulations relating to the property
Prepare or oversee preparation for audits and inspections
Ensure property compliance by maintaining the compliance percentage for Project Based Section 8, Low Income Housing Tax Credit, and any other applicable programs
Ensure the accuracy of HAP requests and TRACS files
Work with the WinnCompanies compliance department to investigate/resolve TRACS errors
Review monthly and quarterly EIV reports and address discrepancies
Manage marketing according to the Affirmative Fair Housing Marketing Plan and update as necessary
Complete the annual utility analysis for submission with the Rent Schedule to HUD
Ensure the property and grounds are well maintained
Complete annual or periodic unit inspections and monthly building inspections
Resolve resident issues and conflicts in a timely manner and in accordance with site guidelines
Complete the annual owner’s certifications required for the affordable programs
Complete the monthly bond compliance reports and any other periodic reports required by the property’s programs
Collaborate with management or ownership to complete the IRS form 8703
Requirements
High School Diploma or GED
1-3 years of property management experience
1-3 years of supervisory experience
Excellent customer service skills
Minimum of 1 year of related experience with HUD Project Based Section 8
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and experience with property management software (OneSite, etc.)
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree
OneSite Property Management software experience
Experience administering Affordable Programs such as Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC), Tax Exempt Bond, HOME, HPTF, or other state or local programs that may assist with the layered affordability at this community
Certifications in HUD property management such as: CPO, COS, NAHP. LIHTC property management such as: SHCM, TCS, C3P, HCCP, NAHP.
What We Can Offer You
Great Benefits: We offer benefits including health & dental plan options, generous time off and paid holidays, 401(k) and education reimbursement opportunities that’s best for you and your family.
A job you can brag about: WinnCompanies is a nationally recognized leader in property management and development. Our team members are committed to helping people in the communities we serve.
A job that challenges you: Our team members are responsible for our growth and success, and we challenge them to constantly be their best in our fast-paced workplace.
A job you can learn from: We reward our team’s passion and hard work with consistent learning and development opportunities.
A team that cares: We value teamwork, innovation and mutual respect.
About Us
With 3,700 team members working across 600+ locations in 23 states and D.C., WinnCompanies is the #1 manager of affordable housing and a leader in developing and managing mixed-use properties, market rate properties and military housing.
Operations, sales, compliance, maintenance, marketing, IT, HR, accounting and finance. No matter your passion, your work at Winn will impact people who are more than just residents to us. They’re individuals, families and heroes.
Watch this short video for a sneak peek at what it’s like to work at WinnCompanies.
Other details
Job Family Property Operations"	476	Washington
Program Specialist (Children in Adversity)	US U.S. Agency for International Development	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
We encourage you to read the entire announcement before you submit your application package. Your application may not receive full consideration if you do not follow the instructions as outlined.

This position is located in the Washington, DC Commuting Area within the Bureau for Development, Democracy, and Innovation's, Inclusive Development Hub (DDI/ID) at U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).

Responsibilities
As a Program Specialist, your duties will include the following:

Working with interdisciplinary teams to deliver guidance, advice, tools, and resources to help teams succeed in addressing the needs of children in adversity in developing countries.
Managing technical activities that provide discrete, short-term support efficiently and cost-effectively and enable locally-driven solutions to advance protection and care for children in adversity.
Coordinating on critical interdisciplinary issues and emerging technical priorities and technical policy development and engagement with the U.S. Congress, the interagency, and a broad range of stakeholders to implement policies and initiatives that invest in the development, care, dignity, and safety of the world’s most vulnerable children and their families.
Actively engaging in stakeholder consultations as necessary to incorporate the latest and most contextually appropriate thinking and knowledge into agency approaches to advance the objectives of building strong beginnings, putting families first, and protecting children from violence.
Working to improve and increase technical knowledge, skills, and abilities of staff throughout the Agency to address the needs of children in adversity in developing countries.
Generating, aggregating, and disseminating information on current trends and best practices of efforts that align with USAID’s guiding principles of its work to support children in adversity.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Travel may vary depending on the needs of each individual bureau or office, but will not exceed 25% of the incumbent's time.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14 - This position is at the full performance level.
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Development Specialists
Specialists, Development
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
United States Citizenship is required.
Relevant experience (see Qualifications below).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service.
Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer is required.
You will be required to serve a one-year probationary period.
Note: Your answers to the assessment questionnaire must be supported in your resume.
Qualifications
GS-14-You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position includes: a) working on issues related to Children in Adversity, including early childhood development, promoting family care for children, deinstitutionalization, preventing and responding to violence against children, and child protection; b) developing programs and policies to address the needs of Children in Adversity, including integrating activities that address the needs of children in adversity into multi-sectoral programs; and c) communicating the needs of Children in Adversity to internal and external stakeholders.

SCREEN OUT QUESTION: This position requires a selective factor in addition to the qualification requirements noted above. Your resume must demonstrate experience in experience working in an organization that focuses on Children in Adversity in developing countries, and in leading related projects and programs.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, relevant to the duties of the position to be filled, including volunteer experience.

CTAP/ICTAP candidates will be referred to the selecting official if they are found well qualified. Well-qualified means an eligible employee who possesses the knowledge, skills, and abilities which clearly exceed the minimum requirements of the position. A well-qualified employee must meet the qualification and eligibility requirements of the position, including any medical qualifications, suitability, and minimum education and experience requirements, meet all selective factors (where applicable); meet quality ranking factors and are assigned a score of 85 or higher; be physically qualified with reasonable accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position; meet any special qualifying U.S. OPM-approved conditions; AND be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry without additional training.

A well-qualified candidate will not necessarily meet the definition of highly or best qualified when evaluated against other candidates who apply for a particular position. In the absence of selective and quality ranking factors, selecting officials will document the job-related reason(s) for qualification determinations.
Education
This position does not have a positive education requirement. Therefore, no transcripts are required.
Additional information
USAID is an independent Federal Government agency that receives overall foreign policy guidance from the Secretary of State. With headquarters in the District of Columbia, we operate in more than 100 countries around the world, playing an active and critical role in the promotion of U.S. foreign policy interests. When crisis strikes; when rights are repressed; when hunger, disease and poverty rob people of opportunity; USAID acts on behalf of the American people to help expand the reach of prosperity and dignity to the world's most vulnerable people. USAID employees and contractors must commit to maintaining a workplace free of sexual misconduct, including harassment, exploitation, and abuse and adhere to USAID's Counter-Trafficking in Persons Code of Conduct. For information on the effort to counter all forms of human trafficking, including the procurement of commercial sex acts and the use of forced labor, visit http://www.state.gov/g/tip. For more information about USAID, visit http://www.usaid.gov.

If an HR Specialist determines that you are among the best-qualified applicants for these positions, your application will be shared with multiple hiring managers for consideration. By submitting your application to this advertisement, you agree to have your application shared for similar positions within USAID.

These are Testing Designated Positions (TDP’s) under the Agency’s approved Drug-Free Work Place Program. All applicants selected for this position will be subject to random drug testing once they begin working for the Agency.

Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer is required.

Moving and relocation expenses are not authorized.

Mythbuster on Federal Hiring Policies:

https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf.

EEO Policy: EEO Policy Statement.

Reasonable Accommodation Policy: Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement.

Veterans' Information: Veterans Information.

Telework: https://www.telework.gov/.

Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual’s employment experience will be used only to determine the person’s qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities. Although an individual’s personal conduct may be relevant in any employment decision, including conduct during periods of unemployment or evidence of dishonesty in handling financial matters, financial difficulty that has arisen through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of an unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

We will review your application package to ensure you meet the job and eligibility requirements, including the education and/or experience required for this position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter, and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) and place you in one of three pre-defined categories. These categories are “Gold,” “Silver,” and “Bronze.” However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. Candidates placed in the “Gold” category will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview. How you will be evaluated for preference eligibility: Within each category, those entitled to veterans’ preference will be listed at the top of the pre-defined category for which they are placed. Preference eligibles with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category (Gold) depending on the position and grade level of the job. (You must provide proof of disability rating with a letter from the Veteran's Administration showing disability percentage rating).

The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies:

Technical Competence
Leadership
Strategic Thinking
Problem Solving
Planning & Evaluating
Organizational Awareness
Project Management


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience.
Veterans' documentation, if requesting consideration under any Veterans' hiring eligibilities (veterans’ preference and Veterans Recruitment Appointment).
If seeking eligibility based on any other special hiring authority (e.g. disabled veteran, Schedule A, special hiring programs).
CTAP/ICTAP Eligibles: Must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation such as a reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice, a SF-50 reflecting your RIF separation, or a notice of proposed removal for declining a direct reassign or transfer of function to another commuting area. You MUST also submit documentation to reflect your current (or last) performance rating of record of at least ""fully successful"" (Level III) or equivalent, along with your application/resume package.
If this position requires proof of higher education, you must submit a copy of your transcript (unofficial transcript) or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information. Please be advised that an official transcript will be required if you are selected for the position.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Working for USAID offers comprehensive benefits including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life and health insurance, and the Federal Employees Retirement System. You can explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at http://www.opm.gov/insure/health/. USAID's headquarters is in downtown Washington, D.C., at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center on 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., on the Federal Triangle Metro Blue, Silver, and Orange Lines. The office is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, museums, and Washington Monument. A physical fitness facility and food court are on site. You will be eligible for telework in accordance with Agency policy.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens - No prior Federal experience required."	476	Washington
Project Manager III	Chenega Corporation	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"Overview:

Come join a company that strives for Extraordinary People and Exceptional Performance! Chenega Enterprise Systems and Solutions, LLC., a Chenega Professional Services’ company, is looking for a Project Manager to lead company efforts with the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) for Information Technology (IT) & Expert Consultation Support Services.
This role will perform project management functions for special projects and initiatives relevant to ensuring the operational readiness of an IT enterprise. The PM will ensure all projects are delivered in adherence to project scope, schedules, and budget. The PM is responsible for exercising leadership, maintaining high morale, and directing the performance of all personnel assigned to the PM’s Team.
Responsibilities:

What you will be doing:
Ensure all projects are delivered in adherence to project scope, schedules, and budget.
Responsible for exercising leadership, maintaining high morale, and directing the performance of all personnel assigned to the PM’s Team.
Communicate with the Contracting Officer Representative (COR), Government Technical Monitors (GTM), Chenega Supervisors and Team Members frequently regarding the overall performance and status of all projects.
Responsible for day-to-day activities and performance monitoring
Performs in compliance with internal business and DEA standards, policies, and procedures
Holds staff accountable to performance standards
Hiring manager for project team in the event of attrition
Applies Agile project management best practices
Other duties as assigned
Qualifications:

What is required:
Bachelor’s Degree
Minimum of 5 years relevant work experience
Active Secret clearance"	476	Washington
Manager III (Behavioral Health and Crisis Services, Local Behavioral Health Authority), Grade M3	Montgomery County Government	Rockville, MD	$79,196 - $144,751 a year	"Montgomery County is located adjacent to Washington, DC and with over one million residents, is the most populous County in the State of Maryland. The County is also the most diverse County in the State and ranks among the top ten most diverse County’s in the nation. Montgomery County contains many major U.S. government offices, scientific research and learning centers, and business campuses.
The Department of Health and Human Services is responsible for delivery of the County’s public health and human services that the needs of our community’s most vulnerable children, adults and seniors. The Department provides services through more than 120 programs at more than 20 locations. With 1,750 employees, the Department of Health and Human Services is the largest County Department.
As a Department, we believe health and wellness of the county can only be achieved by ensuring that every resident has fair opportunities to reach their fullest potential. This means access to quality housing, transportation, education, employment, health care, human services, safe neighborhoods and healthy food. HHS’ provides critical services for residents who face a variety of obstacles in achieving their full potential. HHS plays an essential role in building a healthy and strong community.
If you are interested in working for the Montgomery County Department of Health and Human Services, we invite qualified candidates to apply for our Manager, Local Behavioral Health Authority position.

About the Position:

This position is located in the Department’s Behavioral Health and Crisis Services (BHCS), Local Behavioral Health Authority (LBHA). The LBHA is the local behavioral health, (mental health and substance abuse) authority in the County. The LBHA strives to ensure that behavioral health consumers have access to quality treatment and rehabilitation services. They provide for the planning, oversight, monitoring, evaluation and service development of the Public Mental Health System which consists of community-based services in Montgomery County. Although the LBHA does not provide direct services, they do monitor and plan for current and future behavioral health services in Montgomery County across the life span.

The Local Behavioral Health Authority Manager will be responsible for:
 Management of Behavioral Health Planning and Management Local Behavioral Health Authority operations unit. The (4) Program Manager IIs and Supervisory Therapists within the operations unit will report directly to the M3: (1) Quality Assurance/Compliance PMII; (2) Adult Services PMII; (3) Child and Adolescent Services PMII; 4) Prevention Program PMII; 5) Office Services Coordinator 6) Special Projects Supervisory Therapist
 Management of the deliverables under the Memorandum of Understanding with the State of Maryland Behavioral Health Administration for the Montgomery County Local Behavioral Health Authority, including assessing and planning for behavioral health services needs, developing measurable outcomes and activities, cooperation and collaboration with the Administrative Services Organization, oversight of public and consumer education and information, reducing Emergency Department use, complaint resolution and monitoring COMAR compliance of local providers.
 Management of the development and implementation of the annual Local Behavioral Health Authority Program Plan to ensure that established goals and priorities are implemented and met.
 Direct collaboration and planning with the State Behavioral Health Administration for public behavioral health system related issues
 Management of program issues related to contracts via regular collaboration with Behavioral Health Planning and Management Contracts Manager III.
 Attendance and participation in meetings at the State level and meetings of the Maryland Association of Behavioral Health Authorities

As a manager/supervisor of unionized employees, this position has a responsibility for fostering a positive labor relations environment based on mutual trust, respect, and cooperation.

This manager will need to operate a motor vehicle to travel to multiple locations throughout the County to attend meetings, for community engagement, and program outreach efforts. The selected candidate will be required to successfully complete a pre-employment medical history review and a criminal background check.

Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to OHR@montgomerycountymd.gov . Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience: Five (5) years of progressively responsible professional experience in a public behavioral health system with program management and oversight.
Education: Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s Degree.
Equivalency: An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted. Note: Based upon legislative requirements, some positions may be subject to different minimum qualifications.
License : Possession of a valid Class ""C"" (or equivalent) driver’s license from the applicant's state of residence when required for job-related duties.

Preferred Criteria
There is no Preferred Criteria. All applicants will be reviewed by OHR for minimum qualifications. Those applicants who meet minimum qualifications will be rated Qualified, placed on the Eligible List, and may be considered for an interview.

Preference for interviews will be given to applicants with experience in the following:
 Possession of an independent licensure in Maryland Social Work, such us Professional Counseling, Psychiatric Nursing
 Experience managing the operations of a local core service agency or local behavioral health authority
 Experience managing a governmental unit that has direct contact with and deliverables from the State Behavioral Health Administration
 Experience developing and maintaining partnerships and relationships with upper level management of State governmental or contracted agencies to include the Office of Health Care Quality, Behavioral Health Administration and Beacon Health Options
 Experience developing and maintaining partnership and relationship with CEOs and Directors within the local behavioral health provider network
 Knowledge of the Code of Maryland Regulations pertaining to Community Based Behavioral Health Programs and Services
 Experience supervising staff
 Experience managing a behavioral health treatment program
Minimum Salary 79196 Maximum Salary 144751 Currency USD"	476	Washington
Project & Research Analyst, Air Quality	World Resources Institute	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	None	"Job Summary

In this role, you will support the growth of the Air Quality program, joining a team of experts actively engaged in helping cities and countries reduce emissions, rethink solutions to clean air, and leverage tools, analyses, and technical support to improve their air quality. You will support a variety of projects and activities in Latin America, Africa, and Southeast Asia. See specific job responsibilities below.


This position is remote due to Covid-19, but you will be based at WRI’s office in Washington, DC once restrictions have lifted.

Job Responsibilities

Project Management (40%)

Support coordination of air quality projects in the region to ensure consistency and high-quality deliverables. This includes coordination with diverse team of researchers, decision makers, and practitioners to implement projects and advance research within the air quality program
Collaborate with local partners and WRI staff globally to advance the Air Quality program’s research and project implementation including to prepare work plans, follow up on project implementation and prepare of progress reports among others
Organize internal and external conferences, meetings, training, events, and other activities as part of the Global Air Quality Program
Support the Project Manager on regular funder reporting as needed with the WRI Global, WRI India, WRI Indonesia, WRI Africa teams, as well as external partners and funders
Coordinate travel of program staff as relevant
Research and Data Analysis (40%)

Contribute to the research and data analytics for the Air Quality team, with particular emphasis on data-based arguments and short-form writing
Contribute to the maintenance and improvement of data for several Air Quality projects
Contribute to the scoping and development of new activities for the Air Quality program and communicate with external stakeholders if necessary
Co-author knowledge products including publications and online posts
Engagement & Communications (20%)

Support project-related outreach and communications activities as needed, including trainings, webinars, brownbags, and engagement with external partners
Assist the Communications Manager with editing plans, blogs, and other communications material
Write content for WRI communications activities, including website content, blogs, social media and newsletters
Prepare Powerpoint presentations and written and graphic content to presentations and reports
Job Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in urban development, international relations, public policy, environment, or other related fields
Detail-oriented and highly organized with a minimum of 1 year of hands-on experience
Adaptable to rapidly changing priorities and have the ability to manage multiple projects with varying deadlines
Demonstrate research skills such as analyzing complex data and resolving complex challenges
Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to work well in a team
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision, including proactively identifying problems and working with team members to develop solutions
Ability to diffuse conflict to ensure productivity, and have strong commitment to WRI’s mission and the values of integrity, innovation and respect that underpin all aspects of our operations
US work authorization required for this position
Preferred Qualifications

Experience with online data platform development and vendor management Experience with formatting in MS Word, data visualization a plus
Potential Salary

$46,000 - $60,000. Salary is commensurate with experience and other compensable factors.

How to Apply:
Please submit a cover letter with resume. Applicants must apply through the WRI Careers portal to be considered.

Program Overview

Air Quality WRI’s air quality program is a global initiative that seeks to identify, build awareness of, and eliminate the root causes of air pollution that damages climate, human, and ecosystem health. The program has three main areas of work: (i) engagement with city stakeholders to use participatory science to diagnose and develop targeted, cost-effective clean air solutions to protect human health and climate, (ii) working with the science community to convert innovative methods into tools and products that communities and policymakers can use to better manage their impact on the atmosphere, and (iii) working with national governments and business networks to design and implement broader regional-to-global air quality governance. It is a part of the WRI Ross Center on Sustainable Cities, with additional oversight from the Data Lab and engagement with Climate, Governance, Energy, and other programs at WRI. The team is global, with senior experts distributed across WRI’s network of international offices. Within the Air Quality program lies a new clean air initiative called the Clean Air Catalyst, which is a new flagship program launched by The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and a global consortium of organizations, led by World Resources Institute (WRI) and Environmental Defense Fund (EDF) to accelerate clean air solutions in low- and middle-income countries. Clean Air Catalyst will work with communities around the world to identify and raise awareness of local pollution sources, and build focused coalitions to deliver interventions that lead to sustained progress on cleaner, healthier air. More details of the Catalyst can be found here: https://urban-links.org/project/clean-air-catalyst/ WRI Ross Center for Sustainable Cities The decisions that national leaders, local officials, developers, and planners make today will determine how billions of people in urban centers will thrive over the next century. Already, half the global population resides in cities. That figure is set to increase to 70 percent by 2050. Traditional models of city development can lock us into congestion, sprawl, and inefficient resource use. However, compact, connected, and efficient growth can help ensure more competitive cities, and provide a better quality of life for citizens. WRI Ross Center for Sustainable Cities (WRI Ross Center) works to ensure cities drive economic opportunity while sustaining natural resources. We use technical expertise, cutting-edge research, and on-the-ground partnerships to design solutions that enable sustainable city growth. Our analysis and tools allow cities to effectively manage their natural resources and reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. Working across our network, we develop and support the implementation of research-based solutions in sustainable mobility, urban development, as well as urban efficiency & climate that reduce pollution, improve health, and create safe, accessible public spaces for all people to thrive. WRI Ross Center builds on WRI’s global and local experience in urban planning and mobility and uses proven solutions and action-oriented tools to increase building and energy efficiency, manage water risk, encourage effective governance and make the fast-growing urban environment more resilient to new challenges. Aiming to influence 200 cities with unique research and tools, WRI Ross Center focuses on a deep cross-sector approach in selected megacities on two continents, and targeted assistance to additional 50 urban areas, bringing economic, environmental and social benefits to people in cities around the globe.

WRI Overview

World Resources Institute (WRI) is an independent, nonprofit global research organization that turns big ideas into action at the nexus of environment, economic opportunity and human well-being. We are working to address seven critical challenges that the world must overcome this decade in order to secure a sustainable future for people and the planet: climate change, energy, food, forests, water, sustainable cities, and the ocean.

We are passionate. We value our diversity of interests, skills and backgrounds. We have a flexible work environment. And we share a common goal to catalyze change that will improve the lives of people. Our shared ideals are at the core of our approach. They include: integrity, innovation, urgency, independence and respect.

The foundation of our work is delivering high-quality research, data, maps and analysis to solve the world’s greatest environment and international development challenges, and improve people’s lives. We work with leaders in government, business and civil society to drive ambitious action and create change on the ground. Equally important, we bring together partners to develop breakthrough ideas and scale-up solutions for far-reaching, enduring impact.

We have been growing rapidly: our staff has doubled in size over the past 5 years and our operating budget is now $150 million. Founded in 1982, WRI has a global staff of 1,000+ people with work spanning 60 countries. We have offices in Africa , Brazil , China , Europe , India , Indonesia , Mexico and the United States as well as a growing presence in other countries and regions.

WRI is committed to advancing gender and social equity for human well-being in our mission and applies this principle to our organizational and programmatic practices."	476	Washington
Paralegal III	Protos IT	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	None	title: Paralegal IIILocation: washington, DCduration: 6 months, possible extn,telework: Notemp/FTE: possibleMust be a US Citizen.Must be able to obtain a Public Trust.seeking a Law Clerk I to work on-sight in support of the client in Washington, DC. You will work in a fast-paced and diverse environment and will have a management team that encourages your career development and growth.Must have:Familiarity with ESI tools and eDiscovery procedures/resources.Must have skills:Written and oral communication skills.degree requirements:Requires Law degree, or currently attending an ABA-accredited law school, having completed at least one year of study or, an equivalent level of legal training or experience or an equivalent level of education may be substituted.Primary Responsibilities:Responsibilities/Duties. Works under the direction of a Project Manager. Performs complex legal research for the trial staff. Assists in preparing draft legal documents, such as motions, briefs, memoranda of law, etc. synopsizes transcripts of hearings and oral arguments for attorney use; reviews case related materials and, for example, identifies potentially conflicting statements or areas requiring further investigation; contact with other contractor staff and trial staff. Travel may be required.Basic Qualifications:Requires Law degree, or currently attending an ABA-accredited law school, having completed at least one year of study or, an equivalent level of legal training or experience or an equivalent level of education may be substituted.Requires sound working knowledge of federal and state court systems, legal research procedures, and legal research resources.Requires excellent written and oral communication skills and thorough knowledge of legal research tools such as LEXIS and Westlaw.Must have hands-on familiarity with a variety of computer applications, including word processing, databases (such as document review and file management systems), spreadsheets, and imaging. Role also requires hands-on familiarity with ESI tools and knowledge of eDiscovery procedures and resources.Ability to consistently deliver highest quality work under extreme pressure will be very important.Preferred Qualifications:*Extensive Cite Checking / Blue Booking Experience*Ability to consistently deliver highest quality of work under extreme pressure will be very important.*Highly detail oriented individual.*Active security clearance, preferred.*Experience working in litigation databases such as Relativity is a plus.Contract length: 6 monthsJob Types: Full-time, Temporary, ContractSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayWork Remotely:No	476	Washington
Service Desk Manager	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"Key Role:
Lead a team of technicians directly supporting Cabinet level DoD staff to respond to all issues or requests that arise in an expedient manner. Provide Tier I support, field phone calls from the user community, log issues and requests into ticketing systems, and perform basic troubleshooting over the phone. Provide onsite Tier 2 support at the customer’s location. Respond to all issues or requests that arise in an expedient manner and support VIP customers in a fast-paced environment. Help team members improve their technical and customer service skills. Conduct in-depth troubleshooting or resolution of failed OS deployments, including working with vendors such as Microsoft, Adobe, Dell, or others and work with firmware and patching compliance teams to resolve issues.
Basic Qualifications:
8+ years of experience with supporting DoD or other government organizations as a member of a 24/7 service desk
5+ years of experience with managing a team of 10 or more individuals
5+ years of experience with troubleshooting Windows desktop hardware and software
Experience with managing multiple ongoing projects and tasks, managing team members’ work schedules, and providing directions to team members on handling complex issues or projects
Experience interfacing with high level government staff using verbal and written expertise
Ability to develop and implement a proactive approach to identifying and handling potential issues
TS/SCI clearance
BA or BS degree
DoD 8570 IAT II Certification, including Security+ and Computing Environment Certificate
Ability to obtain HDI Support Center Analyst certification within 60 days of hire
Additional Qualifications:
Experience with developing training requirements and materials to be presented and implemented within a team
BA or BS degree in IT or related field; MA or MS degree preferred
DoD 8570 IAT III or IAM II Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	476	Washington
Program Officer, III	FHI 360	Washington, DC 20009 (Adams Morgan area)	None	"FHI 360 is a nonprofit human development organization dedicated to improving lives in lasting ways by advancing integrated, locally driven solutions. Our staff includes experts in Health, Education, Nutrition, Environment, Economic Development, Civil Society, Gender, Youth, Research and Technology; creating a unique mix of capabilities to address today's interrelated development challenges. FHI 360 serves more than 60 countries, all 50 U.S. states and all U.S. territories.
The Civil Society and Peacebuilding (CSPB) department supports citizens to mobilize effectively to influence policy, improve lives and build peace. CSPB’s civil society programs enable citizens to solve their own problems and influence policy through programs that strengthen the leadership capacity of national and community organizations and increase the transparency of government agencies. CSPB’s peacebuilding programs use locally owned and sustainable tools to bridge differences and bring peace to divided communities. We also work to prevent and counter violent extremism with a focus on youth-led approaches.
 Our programs are in:
Civil society
Peacebuilding and conflict mitigation
Capacity development
Leadership development
Governance
Media
Job Summary:
CSPB seeks a Program Officer, III (PO-III) with at least 8 years’ professional experience to provide technical assistance and support to programs in the areas of civil society strengthening, governance, peacebuilding, preventing violent extremism, and youth engagement. Collects, compiles, and analyzes information relevant to programs. Provides administrative and project support, in addition to communication efforts related to program management and execution. Ensures compliance with internal and external regulations. Monitors budget for programs and develops monitoring system for reviewing project status. Ensures completion of program while adhering to budget, scope, and schedule requirements. Develops/Reviews work plans, prepares presentations, and supports other related program objectives and deliverables.
Foreign language proficiency is required (French, Spanish, Russian preferred)
Primary Responsibilities for the Program Officer III include, but are not limited to the following:
Responsibilities:
Oversees and represents the organization in all aspects of the program in coordination with project leaders.
Ensures integrity of design and implementation of program, achievement of project performance objective, and deliverables.
Provides technical, administrative, and operational support to program management teams, such as: troubleshooting, updates to work plans, travel coordination and program activities monitoring.
Tracks performance against Financial Cost Objective (FCO) ID, project timelines, budget, objectives, and deliverables.
Works with Project Manager on developing budgets, proposals, managing grants, project materials, and information.
Supports program/project to provide timely and high-quality deliverables to clients, including: work plans; programmatic, financial, technical reports;
Develops, reviews, and/or translates reports, briefing papers, press releases, and presentations.
Monitors budgets, ensuring accountability of all project activities.
Facilitates communication by answering partner inquires and monitoring project websites.
Designs, implements, and coordinates specific program activities and may conduct research to achieve program goals.
Documents and shares project accomplishments, challenges, and lessons learned among internal and external partners.
Develops and maintains relationships serving as the liaison for internal units, (finance, contracts, HR), as well as government officials, local communities, and other organizations.
Supports program design and business development efforts (e.g., identifying resource development opportunities; writing assigned sections; supporting budget preparation and general development of proposals).
Applied Knowledge & Skills:
Strong knowledge of concepts, practices and procedures with program design.
Excellent English language oral and written communication skills.
Proficiency in a foreign language, ideally French, Spanish, or Russian, is strongly preferred.
Excellent and demonstrated program/project management skills.
Ability to influence and collaborate with others.
Ability to analyze and interpret data, identify errors and prepare reports.
Education**
Bachelor's Degree or its International Equivalent required in one of the following subjects:
International Development/Affairs, Communications, Political Science, History, Education, Environment, Health, Knowledge/Information Services, Life/Social Sciences, or Related Field
Master’s degree or its International Equivalent strongly preferred in one of the following subjects:
International Development/Affairs, Communications, Political Science, History, Education, Environment, Health, Knowledge/Information Services, Life/Social Sciences, or Related Field
** Or an equivalent combination of relevant education and/or experience sufficient to successfully perform the key responsibilities of the job.
Experience:
At least 8 years’ professional experience in a non-governmental organization (NGO), government agency, or private organization
Articulate and professional, able to communicate in a clear, positive fashion with clients and staff;
Overseas/international experience is highly desired;
Must be able to read, write, and speak fluent English;
Proficiency in a foreign language (i.e., French, Spanish, Russian, others) is required;
Prior team lead/leadership experience preferred.
Demonstrated experience working in international development in the sectors of civil society strengthening and/or capacity building; youth mobilization and engagement; governance; peacebuilding; preventing/countering violent extremism or related topics.
Substantial experience using computerized information systems; and
Strong research and analytical skills.
This job posting summarizes the main duties of the job. It neither prescribes nor restricts the exact tasks that may be assigned to carry out these duties. This document should not be construed in any way to represent a contract of employment. Management reserves the right to review and revise this document at any time.
FHI 360 is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer whereby we do not engage in practices that discriminate against any person employed or seeking employment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law."	476	Washington
Project Manager III	Evoke Research And Cons	Arlington, VA 22203 (Bluemont area)	None	"Evoke is seeking a Project Manager Level III to join our team!
Evoke Research and Consulting is a federal management consulting firm specializing in three core services areas including management consulting, IT consulting, and Business Process Reengineering. We provide solutions to federal government agencies and entities, including the Department of Energy, Veterans Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, US Marine Corps, and USDA.
We are a diverse employee-focused firm that is committed to providing a wide range of opportunities for our employees to grow professionally and socially including mentoring and internal Communities of Practice. Our employees are hard-working, team-oriented, and come from multiple backgrounds and experience levels. We value our employees’ ideas and welcome suggestions for change and development as a firm.
Responsibilities
Oversees all aspects of a project, leading a team on large projects or technically complex projects.
Project may include geographically dispersed requirements, locations and staff.
Usually manages multiple junior project managers or technical managers each of whom has responsibility for task delivery, and report up to the PM III.
Consolidates data for reporting from across the project.
Identifies and manages risk and issues.
Manages all budget information across the project.
Typically uses Earned Value Management methods for performance evaluation and reporting on the project.
Analyze new and complex project related problems and create innovative solutions that normally involve the schedule, technology, methodology, tools, solution components, and financial management of the project.
Provide applications systems analysis and long and short- range plans for application selection, systems development, systems maintenance, and production activities for necessary support resources.
Usually maintains an active certification in one or more of the following PMI certifications: PMP, CAPM, PgMP, RMP, SP, or PfMP.
Qualifications
Required Knowledge/Experience/Skills:
Must possess at least 10 years of relevant work experience.
Strong analytical skills, superior problem-solving skills, and demonstrates critical thinking.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Proficient in interacting with Senior Leadership/Executives.
Required Education: Advanced Degree in a related field or relevant disciplines.
Security Clearance: Must be able to obtain and maintain required security clearance for this role.
Work Location: Washington DC"	476	Washington
Senior Administrative Assistant (Administrative Assistant Support III)	Capital One - US	Vienna, VA 22180	None	"Towers Crescent 2 (12067), United States of America, Vienna, Virginia
Senior Administrative Assistant (Administrative Assistant Support III)
Capital One is looking for an exceptionally bright, multitasking, and self-motivated experienced Administrative Support Assistant III to support 4 to 6 executives in a fast-paced tech-savvy environment. You will partner with multiple executives to handle administrative tasks freeing up their time to focus on department and company goals. A quick thinker, your flexibility and adaptability are key to constantly changing demands and priorities. You are resourceful and autonomous when taking on new tasks and projects relying on problem-solving skills to make it all work! As the gatekeeper and extension of your executive leaders, you will frequently find yourself in the center of everything that happens on the team. You are extremely pivotal to the success of a well-run, efficient, productive and happy team.
In this role, you are a jack of all trades! Administrative Assistants perform an array of administrative functions critical to running an organization efficiently. You will strategically manage your executives’ complex schedules through prioritization and organization. You will handle travel arrangements, create expense reports, and disseminate information. Your communication will be personable while still getting your point across. As team ambassador, you are proficient in writing and proof-reading with impeccable grammar and composition.
Responsibilities:
Managing daily calendars for multiple executives, demonstrating flexibility and problem-solving abilities to adjust or prioritize schedules based on last-minute changes
Arrange and reserve conference rooms, catering, audio/video and other essential services as needed for meetings and conferences
Coordinate travel arrangements and create expense reports in a timely manner using Capital One systems
Drive key team activities and events (such as all-hands meeting, team meetings, conferences, ordering supplies and social events)
Prepare professional business communication documents including memos, letters, and emails
Build and maintain good business relationships with executives and administrative staff across the organizations
Participation in general administrative duties (copying and faxing), distributing mail, ad-hoc projects, committees and/or group events
Promote a fun and team-oriented work environment
At Capital One, you will find an environment that inspires a can-do-anything spirit with a multitude of supportive resources. Better still, you will find managers who encourage you to be your best in all areas of your life. If you are ready to create an administrative role that satisfies your professional goals while balancing your personal interests, then Capital One is eager to talk to you.
Basic Qualifications:
High School Diploma, GED or equivalent certification
At least 2 years of Administrative experience
At least 2 years of experience in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) or Google Suite
Preferred Qualifications:
Associates Degree
At least 5+ years of experience as an Executive Assistant or Administrative Assistant in a fast-paced environment
At least 3+ years of calendar management supporting multiple executives
At least 1+ year of meeting and event planning experience
Experience setting up video conference and Zoom/Skype technology for meeting user
Experience planning ahead and managing time effectively
Excellent written and verbal communications
Excellent organizational skills
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position."	476	Washington
Software Development Manager III	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical discipline
10+ years of relevant engineering experience
5+ years people management experience
Experience with OOD and object oriented languages

Amazon S3 powers businesses across the globe that make the lives of consumers better daily. Whether its electronic content delivered to your home, technology that betters your remote working experience, allows you to plan travel to exotic places or simply get stuff delivered to your home. As a Software Development Manager in S3, you get to deliver these capabilities and delight our customers through teams of talented engineers and leaders.

S3 Request Shaping is tasked with building the next generation of services dedicated to bring Quality of Service to S3 Customers and balancing the wide variety of requests processed by S3. As a Software Development Manager on the S3 Request Shaping Team you will contribute to key development projects integrating with S3 API's processing 100's of trillions of transactions per month. You will also build and enhance new services using distributed micro-services architectures and expert knowledge, pattern recognition, and machine learning techniques to analyze requests and autonomously mitigate undesired behavior at the massive scale of S3.
Request Shaping Software Development Managers should have experience building engineering teams that deliver and operate highly available software services. They must have a genuine desire to mentor and develop engineers, be able to earn trust of their colleagues, and work backwards from what is best for our customers.

This role will sit in our new headquarters in Northern Virginia, where Amazon will invest $2.5 billion dollars, occupy 4 million square feet of energy efficient office space, and create at least 25,000 new full-time jobs. Our employees and the neighboring community will also benefit from the associated investments from the Commonwealth including infrastructure updates, public transportation improvements, and new access to Reagan National Airport.

Our team works together to provide work/life balance for all team members. We recognize that the circumstances of our team members vary, and we balance work across the team so that we’re all able to maintain high standards on behalf of our customers, while at the same time allowing for rich and happy personal lives.

S3 services are highly available, but there are times when we occasionally stray away from our SLAs. In order to minimize the impact of such excursions, we do have On-Call rotations. However, we set these up so there are focused time periods when you are on-call and when you are not, you can focus on your day job : )

We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.

About Us

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance
Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"	476	Washington
Health Science Specialist	US U.S. Agency for International Development	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your application package. Your application may not receive full consideration if you do not follow the instructions as outlined.

This position is located at 500 C Street, SW., Washington, DC, in the Bureau for Global Health, at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) GH/OHA/SFS/HPE.

Responsibilities
As a Health Science Specialist you will:

Serve as a technical advisor for health systems strengthening and health financing and economics, helping to formulate policy and programming guidance for strategic program planning around domestic resource mobilization.
Provide technical advice, guidance, and support to Missions, NGOs and host countries on technical issues regarding the design, implementation, and evaluation of health financing activities and projects.
Assist in formulating Agency and PEPFAR positions on issues related to sustainable systems and financing for HIV/AIDS.
Serve as activity manager for HIV/AIDS financing technical activities and directing health science activities that assist OHA in advancing the state-of-the-art and providing technical assistance to USAID and PEPFAR field programs.
Serve as COR/AOR or alt COR/AOR as needed.

Travel Required
25% or less - The work involves approximately 25% of intermittent travels to and in developing countries. International air travel usually entails long flights. Travel within developing countries usually entails use of bus or cars over unpaved roads to locations where further physical adjustments must be rapidly made to occasionally severe conditions that require prolonged walking, working in cramped rooms, standing for long period of time, and eating and resting in inadequate.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14 - The full performance level of this position is GS-14
Job family (Series)
0601 General Health Science
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
United States Citizenship is required.
Relevant experience (see Qualifications below).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Time in grade must be met by the closing date of the vacancy announcement.
Males born after 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service.
You will be required to serve a one-year probationary period.
Note: Your answers to the assessment questionnaire must be supported in your resume.
Qualifications
SCREEN OUT QUESTION: This position requires a selective factor in addition to the qualification requirement noted above. Your resume must demonstrate you have technical and programmatic expertise working with government and in-country stakeholders to design and implement health financing strategies to advance promotion of sustainable approaches to health programming within low- and middle-income country settings?

GS-14-You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position include: a) serving as technical lead for sustainable financing for health or HIV/AIDS programming in developing countries; b) implementing, managing, and providing strategic direction and guidance for sustainable financing programs in developing countries; c) developing policies, strategies, and plans for sustainable financing for global scale-up; d) managing awards and projects on sustainable financing for health or HIV/AIDS.

Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position includes: (a) Has administered and formulated budget justification for major complex inter-bureau accounts likely to require reprogramming; (b) Served as technical authority on budget formation: (c) Has executed difficult fund control activities for large complex accounts, including adapted budgetary policies, analytical methods, and regulatory procedures; and (d) Had developed strategies for planning and implementing budget policies, procedures, and management controls for a significant organizational component to fulfill multi-year program objectives.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, relevant to the duties of the position to be filled, including volunteer experience.

ICTAP candidates will be referred to the selecting official if they are found well qualified. Well-qualified means an eligible employee who possesses the knowledge, skills, and abilities which clearly exceed the minimum requirements of the position. A well-qualified employee must meet the qualification and eligibility requirements of the position, including any medical qualifications, suitability, and minimum education and experience requirements, meet all selective factors (where applicable); meet quality ranking factors and are assigned to the Silver Category or higher Category; be physically qualified with reasonable accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position; meet any special qualifying U.S. OPM-approved conditions; AND be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry without additional training.

A well-qualified candidate will not necessarily meet the definition of highly or best qualified when evaluated against other candidates who apply for a particular position. In the absence of selective and quality ranking factors, selecting officials will document the job-related reason(s) for qualification determinations.
Education
This position does not have a defined education requirement. Therefore, no transcripts are required.
Additional information
USAID is an independent Federal Government agency that receives overall foreign policy guidance from the Secretary of State. With headquarters in the District of Columbia, we operate in more than 100 countries around the world, playing an active and critical role in the promotion of U.S. foreign policy interests. When crisis strikes; when rights are repressed; when hunger, disease and poverty rob people of opportunity; USAID acts on behalf of the American people to help expand the reach of prosperity and dignity to the world's most vulnerable people. USAID employees and contractors must commit to maintaining a workplace free of sexual misconduct, including harassment, exploitation, and abuse and adhere to USAID's Counter-Trafficking in Persons Code of Conduct. For information on the effort to counter all forms of human trafficking, including the procurement of commercial sex acts and the use of forced labor, visit http://www.state.gov/g/tip. For more information about USAID, visit http://www.usaid.gov.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies.

These are Testing Designated Positions (TDP’s) under the Agency’s approved Drug-Free Work Place Program. All applicants selected for this position will be subject to random drug testing once they begin working for the Agency.

Moving and relocation expenses are not authorized.

Mythbuster on Federal Hiring Policies:

https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf.

EEO Policy: EEO Policy Statement.

Reasonable Accommodation Policy: Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement.

Veterans' Information: Veterans Information.

Telework: https://www.telework.gov/.

Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual’s employment experience will be used only to determine the person’s qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities. Although an individual’s conduct may be relevant in any employment decision, including behavior during periods of unemployment or evidence of dishonesty in handling financial matters, a financial difficulty that has arisen through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your application package to ensure you meet the job and eligibility requirements, including the education and/or experience required for this position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) and place you in one of three pre-defined categories. These categories are “Gold,” “Silver,” and “Bronze.” However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. Candidates placed in the “Gold” category will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview. How you will be evaluated for preference eligibility: Within each category, those entitled to veterans’ preference will be listed at the top of the pre-defined category for which they are placed. Preference eligibles with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category (Gold) depending on the position and grade level of the job. (You must provide proof of disability rating with a letter from the Veteran's Administration showing disability percentage rating).
The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies:

Technical Competence
Planning and Evaluation
Leadership
Collaboration and Partnership
Public Health Administration and Management
Oral Communication


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience.
Veterans' documentation, if requesting consideration under any Veterans' hiring eligibilities (veterans’ preference and Veterans Recruitment Appointment).
If seeking eligibility based on any other special hiring authority (e.g. disabled veteran, Schedule A, special hiring programs).
ICTAP Eligibles: Must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation such as a reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice, a SF-50 reflecting your RIF separation, or a notice of proposed removal for declining a direct reassign or transfer of function to another commuting area. You MUST also submit documentation to reflect your current (or last) performance rating of record of at least ""fully successful"" (Level III) or equivalent, along with your application/resume package.
If this position requires proof of higher education, you must submit a copy of your transcript(unofficial transcript) or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information. Please be advised that an official transcript will be required if you are selected for the position.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Working for USAID offers comprehensive benefits including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life and health insurance, and the Federal Employees Retirement System. You can explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at http://www.opm.gov/insure/health/. USAID's headquarters is in downtown Washington, D.C., at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center on 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., on the Federal Triangle Metro Blue and Orange Lines. The office is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, museums, and the Washington Monument. A physical fitness facility and food court are on site. You may be eligible for telework per Agency policy.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens - No prior Federal experience required."	476	Washington
Enterprise IT Project Manager	Barbaricum	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"Enterprise IT Project Manager
Fort Belvoir, VA /
Mission Support /
Full-Time
Apply for this job
Barbaricum supports government clients with Integrated Communications, Mission Support, and Cyber Security/Intelligence. Our passion is innovation and we are committed to client value and effective technical solutions. We are an ISO 9001:2015-certified and CMMI Level 3 appraised, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in Washington, DC. Our mission is to transform the ways the U.S. Government approaches problem sets of increasing complexity by delivering innovative solutions, particularly in support of National Security missions.

Barbaricum is one of the fastest-growing companies in our market. The company is routinely recognized by institutions like Inc. Magazine, GovCon, AMEC, PRSA, and SmartCEO for corporate growth, capabilities, and award-winning client work. Our team is dynamic and agile, providing global support to current missions across five continents. We are also focused on developing and maintaining our vibrant corporate culture, having been recently named one of the best places to work by Inc. Magazine.
Barbaricum is seeking a qualified IT Project Manager to support the mission of the Product Manager Power Projection Enablers (PdM P2E). The Chief Information Officer of the Army has charged PdM P2E with procuring and installing leading-edge technologies including Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (C4I) systems; computer and communication networks; network convergence; cloud computing; cyber security compliance; visual displays; product tools; product architecture; modeling; electro-optics; transport; radio frequency devices; control systems; and instrumentation equipment. Support and services performed under this contract include administration, operations, logistics, engineering, knowledge management, information technology, and program management support to PdM P2E.
Responsibilities
Serves as the assistant to the Program Manager as the Government’s point of contact at Ft. Belvoir
Performs all Program Manager’s duties as required at Ft. Belvoir
Provides technical supervision and guidance for all contractor personnel assigned to the specific theaters of responsibility
Plans, coordinates, and directs administrative activities, program control, and technical personnel involved in providing services in fulfillment of the contract
Is responsible for the overall management of specific project task ensuring that the technical solutions and schedules are implemented in a timely manner
Oversees all contractual responsibilities and delivery of all contract deliverables
Leads and manages projected team tasks and work flow, enforces procedures, creates and tracks budget, coordinating technical or data processing support for clients overseas
Qualifications
Active DoD Secret security clearance
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification or DAU Level III Project Management Certification required.
Bachelor’s degree or preferably a Master’s degree in a science-related, IT, or business field
8 years of related senior project management experience
Experience with Army acquisition processes
Experience providing oversight of large, multi-functional project teams, preferably in an information technology environment
Experience planning and managing complex tasks—sometimes under tight budget and time constraints—across multiple regions overseas
Strong management and leadership skills, written and oral communications skills
Experience in Government acquisition
Familiarity with industry best practices
Familiarity with Government contract and subcontract management
Additional Information
For more information about Barbaricum, please visit our website at www.barbaricum.com. We will contact candidates directly to schedule interviews. No phone calls please."	476	Washington
ADMINISTRATIVE SPECIALIST	US Commander, Naval Information Warfare Systems Co...	Washington Navy Yard, DC	$122,530 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as a ADMINISTRATIVE SPECIALIST in the NAVAL ENTERPRISE NETWORKS PROGRAM of PEO DIGITAL AND ENTERPRISE SERVICES.
Responsibilities
You will serve as the Enterprise Tools Manager responsible for providing enterprise-wide oversight and execution of the design and implementation of comprehensive end-to-end Order-to-Payment (OTP).
You will manage and integrate the NGEN request fulfillment process, NGEN Service Catalog, and NET Ordering Tool.
You will research and document sponsor/stakeholder requirements and ensure compliance with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology.
You will recommend business solutions to meet sponsor/stakeholder capability requirements in concert with continuous exploration of alternative options to bring cost, schedule, and performance value to the end-user community.
You will establish partnership with stakeholders across the Department of the Navy (DON) and Department of Defense (DoD) agencies to address and resolve OTP issues, requests, and operational tasks.
You will estimate, forecast, and define critical activities to execute requirements gathering and acceptance testing to improve network/system/tools accuracy.
You will develop metrics and analysis processes to provide analysis of software quality for all stages in the lifecycle to include test plans/test case/test script execution.
You will manage to budget controls for assigned projects/programs and Identify proper action to address budget shortfalls and excess funding and determine the best approach or solution for resolving budget shortage.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Current Federal employees applying for APS jobs must serve at least one year at the next lower grade level. All qualifications and pay band requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement and clearly documented in your resume.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
You will be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card for travel and travel-related purchases.
This position may require travel from normal duty station and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field Program Management, Level III. Certification is required within 24 months of appointment.
Qualifications
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-13 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector.

Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: Manage Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process; Oversee the Planning, Programming and Budgeting Execution (PPBE) process; and Apply DOD/DoN Information Technology (IT) Business Systems acquisition laws, regulations, processes and policies.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management web site: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education

Additional information
This position is in the Personnel Demonstration Project under authority of Title VII of the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978. The pay schedule and pay band for all Demonstration Project Administrative Specialist/Professional Positions will be DP-1/2/3/4.

This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ANALYTICAL TECHNIQUES
FUNDAMENTALS AND OPERATIONS OF BUDGET
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGEMENT
PARTNERING
RISK MANAGEMENT
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current DoD employees, Former federal employees, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and VEOA eligible,current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)"	476	Washington
Support Desk Analyst II - Arlington, VA	B. Riley Corporate Services Inc	Arlington, VA	None	"B. Riley Financial, through its subsidiaries, provides collaborative financial services and solutions tailored to fit the capital raising and financial advisory needs of public and private companies and high net worth individuals. The company operates through several wholly-owned subsidiaries, including B. Riley Securities, a full-service investment bank and institutional brokerage; B. Riley Retail Solution, a leading provider of asset disposition; B. Riley Advisory Services, appraisal, corporate advisory and valuation services, specialty financial advisory services and consulting firm; B. Riley Wealth Management, providing comprehensive wealth management services to individual and corporate clients; B. Riley Capital Management, which offer investment management to institutional and high net worth investors; and B. Riley Principal Investments, which invests in or acquires companies and assets with attractive return profiles.
We are seeking a full-time Support Desk Analyst II immediately to work in our Arlington, VA office.
The Support Desk Analyst II is responsible for supporting on-site and remote corporate customers on all matters pertaining technical support. This individual will troubleshoot and follow up on incidents via in person visit, email, incident management system, and phone. The successful candidate will enjoy working with customers at all levels, be amicable, and have excellent communication skills. This individual will be able to work independently with little supervision and will have the ability to take on various projects. This individual will work on the Support Desk team within B. Riley Financial, Inc. at our Arlington, VA branch.
Duties of this position include, but are not limited to the following:
Troubleshoots the customer’s issue and resolve upon first contact, when possible.
Accurately record and document all details of the issue or service request, including categorization and priority into the incident management tool.
Monitors the progress of requests for support and ensures that customers and other interested parties are kept informed.
Performs password resets and provides remote access/VPN support.
Provides ""how to"" assistance on all internally supported devices, applications and systems.
Leverages internal and external resources (knowledge bases, manuals, support sites, vendors, etc.) to answer questions and resolve issues.
Contributes to the creation/facilitation/maintenance of FAQ documents, knowledge articles and user guides.
Builds relationships with the Level 3 subject-matter experts to ensure that IT-delivered services and end-user productivity goals are understood and met or exceeded.
Works as a subject matter expert in most IT technical matters.
Will use technical ability to mentor to the Level 1 Support Desk Analysts
An advocate for the customers to ensure he or she receives high-quality and timely service and support from the entire IT organization.
Be an application advocate for the organization; if a user has an application need. The Analyst III will provide one of the many applications in our portfolio as a solution.
Support Analyst III will be the bridge between the support desk and Server Team to help with minor server tasks.
Be direct point of contact for the Great American subsidiary and will have in depth knowledge of the business operation and may field support calls from the European and Australian business units.
Completes any other duties as may be assigned by the CIO or SD Manager.
Education, Experience, and Skills:
Associate degree in Computer Science or related field. Bachelor’s degree a plus.
Technical Support certifications from CompTia(A+ and Net+), HDI, etc. extremely valuable.
8-10 years working in a Service Desk, 8 plus years experience in a technical support environment overall.
BUSINESS SKILLS:
Ability to understand various technical areas, hardware and software related to the operation of a Service Desk, e.g. Track-IT, VNC, ScreenConnect, SmartStation, Bloomberg, BlueMatrix, iStar and FactSet.
Experience with vendor relations, exchange admin, server admin, level 2 network and ability to understand various technical environments within the enterprise including desktop architecture, Windows OS, Active Directory, Office 2013/2016 and Office 365.
Ability to communicate effectively with internal and external users
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to interact effectively with both technical and non-technical individuals
Ability to perform under pressure and experience handling escalated issues
Good critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Must set high standards and integrity while motivating the team to succeed
A strong desire to learn and a willingness to take on new challenges
PHYSICAL ACTIVITIES AND REQUIREMENTS OF THE POSITION:
The employee will occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds
Some travel may be required and work over the weekends may be required as necessary
B. Riley Financial, Inc. employees enjoy competitive salaries, access to our 401(k) profit sharing retirement plan and our other benefits including paid holidays, vacation, and sick leave, voluntary group medical, dental, and vision insurance, and company paid life and disability coverage.
Experience
Required
Technical Support certifications from CompTia(A+ and Net+), HDI, etc. extremely valuable.
8 year(s): Eight plus years working in a technical support environment
8 - 10 years: Eight to ten years working in Service Desk
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Information Technology or related field
Associates or better in Computer Science or related field
Skills
Required
Customer Service
Communication
Behaviors
Required
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Motivations
Required
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization"	476	Washington
Project Engineer - Sorting Equipment	MBA CSI	Fairfax, VA 22031	$25 - $41 an hour	"MBA Consulting Services, Inc. (MBA) is a federal government IT systems integrator committed to delivering solutions that solve mission challenges with agility, experience, and innovation. As a mission-focused integrator, we provide a comprehensive range of information technology, engineering, professional services, and facilities management solutions. We have proven expertise in delivering custom data analytics, digital services, systems engineering, human factor engineering, and infrastructure solutions.MBA is headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia, has more than 350 employees, and is in 46 locations worldwide. With proven leadership and a 20-year heritage, our reputation has been forged by acquiring and developing the best talent in a values-driven culture of integrity, respect, and quality solutions.The Project Engineer III will support the Delivery and Mobile Technology organization within the US Government Client. The job requires an engineer to support new package sorting technologies. Will also be responsible for resolving issues associated with equipment performance challenges as well as those associated with the integration of mechanical, computer and electronic engineering disciplines.Essential Functions:Performs engineering design evaluations and works to complete projects within budget and scheduling restraintsReviews industry policies and procedures to ensure data accuracy, security, and regulatory complianceReviews reports of production, malfunction, and maintenance to determine or address problemsProvides technical support for the engineering process. Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular fieldRelies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goalsPerforms a variety of tasks. Works under general supervision; typically reports to a supervisor or managerWorks in a team environment, with internal US Government Client members, and Supplier resourcesA certain degree of creativity and latitude is requiredEducation and Experience:Bachelor's degree in area of specialty5-7 years of experience in the field or a related specialtyExperience using MS Office Suite software (Word, Excel, and Access) and specialized softwareWorks under immediate supervisionTypically reports to a managerAdditional Requirements:Candidate must be able to sit, stand and work at a computer for prolonged periodsStrong mathematical and analytical skillsAbility to work flexible hours when neededMust be able to pass a pre-employment background check & drug test""MBA CSi is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. Women, Minorities, Veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.”#INDHPJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $25.00 - $41.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"	476	Washington
Assistant Branch Manager	NASA Federal Credit Union	Upper Marlboro, MD 20774	$45,000 - $66,250 a year	"Overview:

FIND YOUR PURPOSE. JOIN OUR MISSION
As one of the largest credit unions in the region and top performing in the nation, NASA Federal Credit Union (NASA FCU) members enjoy banking with an organization that's well established, financially sound and thrives on technology. With a strong heritage to serving the needs of individuals, the credit union philosophy of People Helping People has always been a priority.
We offer a generous benefit package:$45,000 - $66,250 / Annually401(k) match to 5% of earnings – immediate enrollment and 100% vestingChoice of two health plansDentalVisionLife Insurance – no costLong-term Disability Insurance – no costEmployee Assistance Program – no costPaid vacation – 2 weeks first yearPaid sick time10 Paid holidaysProfit Sharing eligible
Work Schedule:Branch hours vary from branch to branchBranches are open Monday thru Saturday. Branches with Saturday hours are open from 9:00 to 1:00Branch Managers may be scheduled to work at other locations, as needed, including Saturdays
Overview:
The Assistant Branch Manager (ABM) will share responsibility for the operation of the branch and assume overall responsibility in the Branch Manager’s absence. This role will possess a complete knowledge of Credit Union policy and procedure and be able to apply in the operation and supervision of the branch and its employees. The ABM is also responsible for the total quality member experience through teaching, coaching, and technical development of branch staff; as well as perform all branch duties and functions such as; MSA I thru MSA III, ATM support etc. It will assist other branches/departments in-person or remotely to meet the business needs of the Credit Union, support Corporate Projects, and lead and/or support Departmental Projects as required. Assistant Branch Managers may be assigned support functions for daily deposit and Call Center operations, including compliance, funding and reconciliation of new accounts, and daily General Ledger settlements.
Responsibilities:

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Remains cognizant of, and adheres to, Credit Union policies, procedures and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act
Supports the analysis of sales, overtime, secret shop, cash management and other reports to continually improve the growth, efficiency, productivity, and profitability of the branch
Supports the development of new business to expand the membership of the Credit Union and utilization of the branch. This includes contact with employees of approved FOM companies, community, and civic organizations
Perform standard operations: such as open/close branch, settle ATM and cash dispensers, balance general ledger (GL) including identifying and settling all differences
Trains employees on product knowledge and provides sales coaching to assist in achieving established branch and corporate training goals
 Implements and trains employees on standard operating policy/procedures and regulatory compliance to ensure Credit Union-wide conformance
Has the authority to make exceptions to policy and procedures with respect to, but not limited to: application of check holds, waiving and refunding service fees, and other matters related to member deposit and withdrawal transactions
Assists the Branch Manager with the preparation of employee performance documentation and recommends disciplinary action to the Branch Manager
Create schedules and review and approve timecards; may approve leave requests in absence of Branch Manager
Audits the branch to ensure conformity with Credit Union policy, procedures, safety and security issues, regulatory compliance and physical appearance standards
Communicates to management recommendations for improving procedures and processes.
Ensures Core Value expectations are met, and that the member experience is courteous, attentive and efficient
Participate in Individual Dialogs to ensure each employee has a means to discuss both positive and negative issues affecting their work
May conduct monthly Department Dialogs with branch personnel to explain procedural changes or practices to ensure consistent information is provided to the membership
Monitors branch traffic flow and makes adjustments to ensure efficient service is provided to members
Supports the Branch Manager in the preparation and tracking of branch budget
May provide support to other Member Services/Operations Departments as directed or needed via email inquiries, phone support and incoming chats. Has knowledge and understanding of the TouchPoint multi-media platform
May perform duties of MSA I thru III, as needed
Qualifications:

Education and/or Experience:
Associate degree preferred; High School Diploma or equivalent required with one to two years related experience
Excellent communication – written, oral, and listening
Ability to run reports and analyze data
Ability to solve complex member and employee issues
Ability to interpret and apply policies and procedures
Internal:
Assistant Branch Managers that are promoted from within will typically begin at the Assistant Branch Manager I level
Assistant Branch Manager levels II and III require: additional experience, such as directing larger staffs, higher traffic volumes, more complex branch service operations, or handling operational support duties, etc."	476	Washington
Project Manager III (DC)	MPIRE Technology Group, Inc.	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	MPIRE Technology Group Inc. is actively hiring for multiple IT roles during the COVID-19 pandemic.MPIRE Technology Group, Inc. is seeking a Project Manager for our client in Washington, DC. Candidate will support the Office of Grants Management in select phases of the grant’s management process including, but not limited to evaluating on-going performance and financial status reports, final reports, shell award creations, outstanding payment processing, and assisting with grant close-outs.Responsibilities will include: The PM provides direct management guidance of contract personnel to ensure that goals and objectives of the project, as well as problem resolution, are accomplished within prescribed time frames and funding parametersOversee the efforts of direct reporting resources and be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job.Support the administration of grants monitoring tasks by receiving and reviewing grant award, financial and related documents.Support administrative closeout of expired grant; closes out awards and prepares files for archiving.Ensures all final financial reports and technical reports have been received and approved by the agency.Lead/assist in collecting and evaluating required due diligence for transactions to include making necessary inquiries to clients to ensure that required information is provided in a timely manner.Lead review all documents prepared for the signature that require coordination by the Division Director for grammar, and format.Log post award actions in and out of the electronic tracking system ensuring that accurate data are entered into the agency database to capture financial information regarding assistance awards.Requirements: 10+ years experience in Project ManagementCertified Project Management Professional (PMP) certificationProficient in SharePoint and Microsoft Excel.Knowledge and understanding of financial statements, accounting concepts, financial modeling, and application of financial concepts.Experience reviewing federal regulations.Excellent written and communication skills.Ability to obtain and maintain a public trust clearance.Nice to Have: Experience with Grants ManagementExperience in Accounting and/or ConceptsExperience: Senior Level (10+ years)Education: BA/BS in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration, or related field.About Us: MPIRE Technology Group Inc. (MTG) is Small Business that was founded in Virginia. The company offers information technology services consulting and systems integration. Our core offerings include: Software Development, IT/Engineering Support and Cyber Security. MPIRE Technology Group’s technical staff has extensive experience managing and executing the full life cycle of IT infrastructure and development projects. Our teams work alongside their clients helping them to achieve their specific objectives. Our clients continue to use our services because of our high quality of work and our company values.Our Benefits: Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offProfessional development assistanceMPIRE Technology Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.We are not currently working with 3rd parties. We are not currently providing sponsorship.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $1.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Project management: 1 year (Preferred)Financial repots: 1 year (Preferred)Microsoft Excel: 1 year (Preferred)Microsoft Powerpoint: 1 year (Preferred)grants management: 1 year (Preferred)accounting: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	476	Washington
Senior Architectural Project Manager	The Onyx Group	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Old Town North area)	$86,000 - $120,000 a year	Senior Architect / Project Manager Senior Architect / Project ManagerAbout UsThe Onyx Group is an architectural, planning, and interiors firm locally based in Old Town Alexandria, Virginia. We have 35 years of experience serving a savvy client base of primarily federal projects and some state and commercial clients. With our large federal contracts, we are well insulated from economic recessions, which is a very attractive aspect to our staff. This is a great opportunity for a senior-level architect to work with a team in a studio environment that fosters continuous learning, effective problem-solving, professional development, and client satisfaction. We are looking for someone at an Architect III level (per AIA definition) who can work on a project team to solve design issues, provide concept design, design production, and construction administration services as well as provide facility condition assessments. We offer a very competitive salary and full benefits, including health, dental, vision, 401-K Plan, PTO, and reimbursement of professional development expenses.REQUIREMENTSProfessional degree (B.A. or M.A.) in ArchitectureLicensure in at least one jurisdiction with reciprocity via NCARB for licensure in other jurisdictions.Ten or more years of experience, licensed architect who plans and develops medium-to large-scope projects with many complexities, executes and coordinates projects, and may oversee a large staff of architects and technicians with minimal supervision.Ability to write proposals, derive fees, and write contracts for sub-consultants.Ability to develop a Project Budget based on Scope of Services, project fees, project schedule, and team structure.Evaluate a project's financial performance based on time expended relative to completion of project.Working knowledge in REVIT and AutoCADStrong architectural design skillsStrong technical skillsCurrent active security clearance or eligibility to obtain oneAbility and passion to mentor young staffAbility to travel for as long as 1 week at a timePREFERENCESAdditionally, for the design work, the ideal candidate would:have a minimum of 3 years of work experience on renovation projects. Experience in government projects is a plus.have good multi-tasking skills - be an ambitious self-starter.have federal government design experience.Be proficient in MS Word and Excel. (Experience with collaboration worksite, such as SharePoint is a plus)have working knowledge of SharePoint.IT skills a plusLEED Accredited ProfessionalJob Type: Full-timePay: $86,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:We require that all staff wear masks when occupying commonly shared areas like the office kitchen, corridors, lobby, and typically, open workstations (except when all staff in that workstation area are fully vaccinated.)Application Question(s):Are you able to travel within the continental United States for up to 3 business days at a time up to 15% of the time?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:architectural work: 10 years (Preferred)government work: 2 years (Preferred)License/Certification:licensure as a Registered Architect in Md, Va, or D.C? (Required)active record with NCARB or reciprocity for licensure? (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	476	Washington
Service Desk Manager	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"Key Role:
Lead a team of technicians directly supporting Cabinet level DoD staff to respond to all issues or requests that arise in an expedient manner. Provide Tier I support, field phone calls from the user community, log issues and requests into ticketing systems, and perform basic troubleshooting over the phone. Provide onsite Tier 2 support at the customer’s location. Respond to all issues or requests that arise in an expedient manner and support VIP customers in a fast-paced environment. Help team members improve their technical and customer service skills. Conduct in-depth troubleshooting or resolution of failed OS deployments, including working with vendors such as Microsoft, Adobe, Dell, or others and work with firmware and patching compliance teams to resolve issues.
Basic Qualifications:
8+ years of experience with supporting DoD or other government organizations as a member of a 24/7 service desk
5+ years of experience with managing a team of 10 or more individuals
5+ years of experience with troubleshooting Windows desktop hardware and software
Experience with managing multiple ongoing projects and tasks, managing team members’ work schedules, and providing directions to team members on handling complex issues or projects
Experience interfacing with high level government staff using verbal and written expertise
Ability to develop and implement a proactive approach to identifying and handling potential issues
TS/SCI clearance
BA or BS degree
DoD 8570 IAT II Certification, including Security+ and Computing Environment Certificate
Ability to obtain HDI Support Center Analyst certification within 60 days of hire
Additional Qualifications:
Experience with developing training requirements and materials to be presented and implemented within a team
BA or BS degree in IT or related field; MA or MS degree preferred
DoD 8570 IAT III or IAM II Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	476	Washington
Program Officer, III	FHI 360	Washington, DC 20009 (Adams Morgan area)	None	"FHI 360 is a nonprofit human development organization dedicated to improving lives in lasting ways by advancing integrated, locally driven solutions. Our staff includes experts in Health, Education, Nutrition, Environment, Economic Development, Civil Society, Gender, Youth, Research and Technology; creating a unique mix of capabilities to address today's interrelated development challenges. FHI 360 serves more than 60 countries, all 50 U.S. states and all U.S. territories.
The Civil Society and Peacebuilding (CSPB) department supports citizens to mobilize effectively to influence policy, improve lives and build peace. CSPB’s civil society programs enable citizens to solve their own problems and influence policy through programs that strengthen the leadership capacity of national and community organizations and increase the transparency of government agencies. CSPB’s peacebuilding programs use locally owned and sustainable tools to bridge differences and bring peace to divided communities. We also work to prevent and counter violent extremism with a focus on youth-led approaches.
 Our programs are in:
Civil society
Peacebuilding and conflict mitigation
Capacity development
Leadership development
Governance
Media
Job Summary:
CSPB seeks a Program Officer, III (PO-III) with at least 8 years’ professional experience to provide technical assistance and support to programs in the areas of civil society strengthening, governance, peacebuilding, preventing violent extremism, and youth engagement. Collects, compiles, and analyzes information relevant to programs. Provides administrative and project support, in addition to communication efforts related to program management and execution. Ensures compliance with internal and external regulations. Monitors budget for programs and develops monitoring system for reviewing project status. Ensures completion of program while adhering to budget, scope, and schedule requirements. Develops/Reviews work plans, prepares presentations, and supports other related program objectives and deliverables.
Foreign language proficiency is required (French, Spanish, Russian preferred)
Primary Responsibilities for the Program Officer III include, but are not limited to the following:
Responsibilities:
Oversees and represents the organization in all aspects of the program in coordination with project leaders.
Ensures integrity of design and implementation of program, achievement of project performance objective, and deliverables.
Provides technical, administrative, and operational support to program management teams, such as: troubleshooting, updates to work plans, travel coordination and program activities monitoring.
Tracks performance against Financial Cost Objective (FCO) ID, project timelines, budget, objectives, and deliverables.
Works with Project Manager on developing budgets, proposals, managing grants, project materials, and information.
Supports program/project to provide timely and high-quality deliverables to clients, including: work plans; programmatic, financial, technical reports;
Develops, reviews, and/or translates reports, briefing papers, press releases, and presentations.
Monitors budgets, ensuring accountability of all project activities.
Facilitates communication by answering partner inquires and monitoring project websites.
Designs, implements, and coordinates specific program activities and may conduct research to achieve program goals.
Documents and shares project accomplishments, challenges, and lessons learned among internal and external partners.
Develops and maintains relationships serving as the liaison for internal units, (finance, contracts, HR), as well as government officials, local communities, and other organizations.
Supports program design and business development efforts (e.g., identifying resource development opportunities; writing assigned sections; supporting budget preparation and general development of proposals).
Applied Knowledge & Skills:
Strong knowledge of concepts, practices and procedures with program design.
Excellent English language oral and written communication skills.
Proficiency in a foreign language, ideally French, Spanish, or Russian, is strongly preferred.
Excellent and demonstrated program/project management skills.
Ability to influence and collaborate with others.
Ability to analyze and interpret data, identify errors and prepare reports.
Education**
Bachelor's Degree or its International Equivalent required in one of the following subjects:
International Development/Affairs, Communications, Political Science, History, Education, Environment, Health, Knowledge/Information Services, Life/Social Sciences, or Related Field
Master’s degree or its International Equivalent strongly preferred in one of the following subjects:
International Development/Affairs, Communications, Political Science, History, Education, Environment, Health, Knowledge/Information Services, Life/Social Sciences, or Related Field
** Or an equivalent combination of relevant education and/or experience sufficient to successfully perform the key responsibilities of the job.
Experience:
At least 8 years’ professional experience in a non-governmental organization (NGO), government agency, or private organization
Articulate and professional, able to communicate in a clear, positive fashion with clients and staff;
Overseas/international experience is highly desired;
Must be able to read, write, and speak fluent English;
Proficiency in a foreign language (i.e., French, Spanish, Russian, others) is required;
Prior team lead/leadership experience preferred.
Demonstrated experience working in international development in the sectors of civil society strengthening and/or capacity building; youth mobilization and engagement; governance; peacebuilding; preventing/countering violent extremism or related topics.
Substantial experience using computerized information systems; and
Strong research and analytical skills.
This job posting summarizes the main duties of the job. It neither prescribes nor restricts the exact tasks that may be assigned to carry out these duties. This document should not be construed in any way to represent a contract of employment. Management reserves the right to review and revise this document at any time.
FHI 360 is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer whereby we do not engage in practices that discriminate against any person employed or seeking employment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law."	476	Washington
Project Manager III	Evoke Research And Cons	Arlington, VA 22203 (Bluemont area)	None	"Evoke is seeking a Project Manager Level III to join our team!
Evoke Research and Consulting is a federal management consulting firm specializing in three core services areas including management consulting, IT consulting, and Business Process Reengineering. We provide solutions to federal government agencies and entities, including the Department of Energy, Veterans Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, US Marine Corps, and USDA.
We are a diverse employee-focused firm that is committed to providing a wide range of opportunities for our employees to grow professionally and socially including mentoring and internal Communities of Practice. Our employees are hard-working, team-oriented, and come from multiple backgrounds and experience levels. We value our employees’ ideas and welcome suggestions for change and development as a firm.
Responsibilities
Oversees all aspects of a project, leading a team on large projects or technically complex projects.
Project may include geographically dispersed requirements, locations and staff.
Usually manages multiple junior project managers or technical managers each of whom has responsibility for task delivery, and report up to the PM III.
Consolidates data for reporting from across the project.
Identifies and manages risk and issues.
Manages all budget information across the project.
Typically uses Earned Value Management methods for performance evaluation and reporting on the project.
Analyze new and complex project related problems and create innovative solutions that normally involve the schedule, technology, methodology, tools, solution components, and financial management of the project.
Provide applications systems analysis and long and short- range plans for application selection, systems development, systems maintenance, and production activities for necessary support resources.
Usually maintains an active certification in one or more of the following PMI certifications: PMP, CAPM, PgMP, RMP, SP, or PfMP.
Qualifications
Required Knowledge/Experience/Skills:
Must possess at least 10 years of relevant work experience.
Strong analytical skills, superior problem-solving skills, and demonstrates critical thinking.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Proficient in interacting with Senior Leadership/Executives.
Required Education: Advanced Degree in a related field or relevant disciplines.
Security Clearance: Must be able to obtain and maintain required security clearance for this role.
Work Location: Washington DC"	476	Washington
Senior Administrative Assistant (Administrative Assistant Support III)	Capital One - US	Vienna, VA 22180	None	"Towers Crescent 2 (12067), United States of America, Vienna, Virginia
Senior Administrative Assistant (Administrative Assistant Support III)
Capital One is looking for an exceptionally bright, multitasking, and self-motivated experienced Administrative Support Assistant III to support 4 to 6 executives in a fast-paced tech-savvy environment. You will partner with multiple executives to handle administrative tasks freeing up their time to focus on department and company goals. A quick thinker, your flexibility and adaptability are key to constantly changing demands and priorities. You are resourceful and autonomous when taking on new tasks and projects relying on problem-solving skills to make it all work! As the gatekeeper and extension of your executive leaders, you will frequently find yourself in the center of everything that happens on the team. You are extremely pivotal to the success of a well-run, efficient, productive and happy team.
In this role, you are a jack of all trades! Administrative Assistants perform an array of administrative functions critical to running an organization efficiently. You will strategically manage your executives’ complex schedules through prioritization and organization. You will handle travel arrangements, create expense reports, and disseminate information. Your communication will be personable while still getting your point across. As team ambassador, you are proficient in writing and proof-reading with impeccable grammar and composition.
Responsibilities:
Managing daily calendars for multiple executives, demonstrating flexibility and problem-solving abilities to adjust or prioritize schedules based on last-minute changes
Arrange and reserve conference rooms, catering, audio/video and other essential services as needed for meetings and conferences
Coordinate travel arrangements and create expense reports in a timely manner using Capital One systems
Drive key team activities and events (such as all-hands meeting, team meetings, conferences, ordering supplies and social events)
Prepare professional business communication documents including memos, letters, and emails
Build and maintain good business relationships with executives and administrative staff across the organizations
Participation in general administrative duties (copying and faxing), distributing mail, ad-hoc projects, committees and/or group events
Promote a fun and team-oriented work environment
At Capital One, you will find an environment that inspires a can-do-anything spirit with a multitude of supportive resources. Better still, you will find managers who encourage you to be your best in all areas of your life. If you are ready to create an administrative role that satisfies your professional goals while balancing your personal interests, then Capital One is eager to talk to you.
Basic Qualifications:
High School Diploma, GED or equivalent certification
At least 2 years of Administrative experience
At least 2 years of experience in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) or Google Suite
Preferred Qualifications:
Associates Degree
At least 5+ years of experience as an Executive Assistant or Administrative Assistant in a fast-paced environment
At least 3+ years of calendar management supporting multiple executives
At least 1+ year of meeting and event planning experience
Experience setting up video conference and Zoom/Skype technology for meeting user
Experience planning ahead and managing time effectively
Excellent written and verbal communications
Excellent organizational skills
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position."	476	Washington
Software Development Manager III	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical discipline
10+ years of relevant engineering experience
5+ years people management experience
Experience with OOD and object oriented languages

Amazon S3 powers businesses across the globe that make the lives of consumers better daily. Whether its electronic content delivered to your home, technology that betters your remote working experience, allows you to plan travel to exotic places or simply get stuff delivered to your home. As a Software Development Manager in S3, you get to deliver these capabilities and delight our customers through teams of talented engineers and leaders.

S3 Request Shaping is tasked with building the next generation of services dedicated to bring Quality of Service to S3 Customers and balancing the wide variety of requests processed by S3. As a Software Development Manager on the S3 Request Shaping Team you will contribute to key development projects integrating with S3 API's processing 100's of trillions of transactions per month. You will also build and enhance new services using distributed micro-services architectures and expert knowledge, pattern recognition, and machine learning techniques to analyze requests and autonomously mitigate undesired behavior at the massive scale of S3.
Request Shaping Software Development Managers should have experience building engineering teams that deliver and operate highly available software services. They must have a genuine desire to mentor and develop engineers, be able to earn trust of their colleagues, and work backwards from what is best for our customers.

This role will sit in our new headquarters in Northern Virginia, where Amazon will invest $2.5 billion dollars, occupy 4 million square feet of energy efficient office space, and create at least 25,000 new full-time jobs. Our employees and the neighboring community will also benefit from the associated investments from the Commonwealth including infrastructure updates, public transportation improvements, and new access to Reagan National Airport.

Our team works together to provide work/life balance for all team members. We recognize that the circumstances of our team members vary, and we balance work across the team so that we’re all able to maintain high standards on behalf of our customers, while at the same time allowing for rich and happy personal lives.

S3 services are highly available, but there are times when we occasionally stray away from our SLAs. In order to minimize the impact of such excursions, we do have On-Call rotations. However, we set these up so there are focused time periods when you are on-call and when you are not, you can focus on your day job : )

We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.

About Us

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance
Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"	476	Washington
Health Science Specialist	US U.S. Agency for International Development	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your application package. Your application may not receive full consideration if you do not follow the instructions as outlined.

This position is located at 500 C Street, SW., Washington, DC, in the Bureau for Global Health, at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) GH/OHA/SFS/HPE.

Responsibilities
As a Health Science Specialist you will:

Serve as a technical advisor for health systems strengthening and health financing and economics, helping to formulate policy and programming guidance for strategic program planning around domestic resource mobilization.
Provide technical advice, guidance, and support to Missions, NGOs and host countries on technical issues regarding the design, implementation, and evaluation of health financing activities and projects.
Assist in formulating Agency and PEPFAR positions on issues related to sustainable systems and financing for HIV/AIDS.
Serve as activity manager for HIV/AIDS financing technical activities and directing health science activities that assist OHA in advancing the state-of-the-art and providing technical assistance to USAID and PEPFAR field programs.
Serve as COR/AOR or alt COR/AOR as needed.

Travel Required
25% or less - The work involves approximately 25% of intermittent travels to and in developing countries. International air travel usually entails long flights. Travel within developing countries usually entails use of bus or cars over unpaved roads to locations where further physical adjustments must be rapidly made to occasionally severe conditions that require prolonged walking, working in cramped rooms, standing for long period of time, and eating and resting in inadequate.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14 - The full performance level of this position is GS-14
Job family (Series)
0601 General Health Science
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
United States Citizenship is required.
Relevant experience (see Qualifications below).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Time in grade must be met by the closing date of the vacancy announcement.
Males born after 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service.
You will be required to serve a one-year probationary period.
Note: Your answers to the assessment questionnaire must be supported in your resume.
Qualifications
SCREEN OUT QUESTION: This position requires a selective factor in addition to the qualification requirement noted above. Your resume must demonstrate you have technical and programmatic expertise working with government and in-country stakeholders to design and implement health financing strategies to advance promotion of sustainable approaches to health programming within low- and middle-income country settings?

GS-14-You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position include: a) serving as technical lead for sustainable financing for health or HIV/AIDS programming in developing countries; b) implementing, managing, and providing strategic direction and guidance for sustainable financing programs in developing countries; c) developing policies, strategies, and plans for sustainable financing for global scale-up; d) managing awards and projects on sustainable financing for health or HIV/AIDS.

Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position includes: (a) Has administered and formulated budget justification for major complex inter-bureau accounts likely to require reprogramming; (b) Served as technical authority on budget formation: (c) Has executed difficult fund control activities for large complex accounts, including adapted budgetary policies, analytical methods, and regulatory procedures; and (d) Had developed strategies for planning and implementing budget policies, procedures, and management controls for a significant organizational component to fulfill multi-year program objectives.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, relevant to the duties of the position to be filled, including volunteer experience.

ICTAP candidates will be referred to the selecting official if they are found well qualified. Well-qualified means an eligible employee who possesses the knowledge, skills, and abilities which clearly exceed the minimum requirements of the position. A well-qualified employee must meet the qualification and eligibility requirements of the position, including any medical qualifications, suitability, and minimum education and experience requirements, meet all selective factors (where applicable); meet quality ranking factors and are assigned to the Silver Category or higher Category; be physically qualified with reasonable accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position; meet any special qualifying U.S. OPM-approved conditions; AND be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry without additional training.

A well-qualified candidate will not necessarily meet the definition of highly or best qualified when evaluated against other candidates who apply for a particular position. In the absence of selective and quality ranking factors, selecting officials will document the job-related reason(s) for qualification determinations.
Education
This position does not have a defined education requirement. Therefore, no transcripts are required.
Additional information
USAID is an independent Federal Government agency that receives overall foreign policy guidance from the Secretary of State. With headquarters in the District of Columbia, we operate in more than 100 countries around the world, playing an active and critical role in the promotion of U.S. foreign policy interests. When crisis strikes; when rights are repressed; when hunger, disease and poverty rob people of opportunity; USAID acts on behalf of the American people to help expand the reach of prosperity and dignity to the world's most vulnerable people. USAID employees and contractors must commit to maintaining a workplace free of sexual misconduct, including harassment, exploitation, and abuse and adhere to USAID's Counter-Trafficking in Persons Code of Conduct. For information on the effort to counter all forms of human trafficking, including the procurement of commercial sex acts and the use of forced labor, visit http://www.state.gov/g/tip. For more information about USAID, visit http://www.usaid.gov.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies.

These are Testing Designated Positions (TDP’s) under the Agency’s approved Drug-Free Work Place Program. All applicants selected for this position will be subject to random drug testing once they begin working for the Agency.

Moving and relocation expenses are not authorized.

Mythbuster on Federal Hiring Policies:

https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf.

EEO Policy: EEO Policy Statement.

Reasonable Accommodation Policy: Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement.

Veterans' Information: Veterans Information.

Telework: https://www.telework.gov/.

Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual’s employment experience will be used only to determine the person’s qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities. Although an individual’s conduct may be relevant in any employment decision, including behavior during periods of unemployment or evidence of dishonesty in handling financial matters, a financial difficulty that has arisen through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your application package to ensure you meet the job and eligibility requirements, including the education and/or experience required for this position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) and place you in one of three pre-defined categories. These categories are “Gold,” “Silver,” and “Bronze.” However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. Candidates placed in the “Gold” category will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview. How you will be evaluated for preference eligibility: Within each category, those entitled to veterans’ preference will be listed at the top of the pre-defined category for which they are placed. Preference eligibles with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category (Gold) depending on the position and grade level of the job. (You must provide proof of disability rating with a letter from the Veteran's Administration showing disability percentage rating).
The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies:

Technical Competence
Planning and Evaluation
Leadership
Collaboration and Partnership
Public Health Administration and Management
Oral Communication


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience.
Veterans' documentation, if requesting consideration under any Veterans' hiring eligibilities (veterans’ preference and Veterans Recruitment Appointment).
If seeking eligibility based on any other special hiring authority (e.g. disabled veteran, Schedule A, special hiring programs).
ICTAP Eligibles: Must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation such as a reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice, a SF-50 reflecting your RIF separation, or a notice of proposed removal for declining a direct reassign or transfer of function to another commuting area. You MUST also submit documentation to reflect your current (or last) performance rating of record of at least ""fully successful"" (Level III) or equivalent, along with your application/resume package.
If this position requires proof of higher education, you must submit a copy of your transcript(unofficial transcript) or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information. Please be advised that an official transcript will be required if you are selected for the position.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Working for USAID offers comprehensive benefits including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life and health insurance, and the Federal Employees Retirement System. You can explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at http://www.opm.gov/insure/health/. USAID's headquarters is in downtown Washington, D.C., at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center on 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., on the Federal Triangle Metro Blue and Orange Lines. The office is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, museums, and the Washington Monument. A physical fitness facility and food court are on site. You may be eligible for telework per Agency policy.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens - No prior Federal experience required."	476	Washington
Enterprise IT Project Manager	Barbaricum	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	Barbaricum is seeking a qualified IT Project Manager to support the mission of the Product Manager Power Projection Enablers (PdM P2E). The Chief Information Officer of the Army has charged PdM P2E with procuring and installing leading-edge technologies including Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (C4I) systems; computer and communication networks; network convergence; cloud computing; cyber security compliance; visual displays; product tools; product architecture; modeling; electro-optics; transport; radio frequency devices; control systems; and instrumentation equipment. Support and services performed under this contract include administration, operations, logistics, engineering, knowledge management, information technology, and program management support to PdM P2E.ResponsibilitiesServes as the assistant to the Program Manager as the Government’s point of contact at Ft. BelvoirPerforms all Program Manager’s duties as required at Ft. BelvoirProvides technical supervision and guidance for all contractor personnel assigned to the specific theaters of responsibilityPlans, coordinates, and directs administrative activities, program control, and technical personnel involved in providing services in fulfillment of the contractIs responsible for the overall management of specific project task ensuring that the technical solutions and schedules are implemented in a timely mannerOversees all contractual responsibilities and delivery of all contract deliverablesLeads and manages projected team tasks and work flow, enforces procedures, creates and tracks budget, coordinating technical or data processing support for clients overseasQualificationsActive DoD Secret security clearanceProject Management Professional (PMP) certification or DAU Level III Project Management Certification required.Bachelor’s degree or preferably a Master’s degree in a science-related, IT, or business field8 years of related senior project management experienceExperience with Army acquisition processesExperience providing oversight of large, multi-functional project teams, preferably in an information technology environmentExperience planning and managing complex tasks—sometimes under tight budget and time constraints—across multiple regions overseasStrong management and leadership skills, written and oral communications skillsExperience in Government acquisitionFamiliarity with industry best practicesFamiliarity with Government contract and subcontract managementJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee discountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):What is your desired salary?Education:Bachelor's (Required)License/Certification:PMP (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	476	Washington
ADMINISTRATIVE SPECIALIST	US Commander, Naval Information Warfare Systems Co...	Washington Navy Yard, DC	$122,530 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as a ADMINISTRATIVE SPECIALIST in the NAVAL ENTERPRISE NETWORKS PROGRAM of PEO DIGITAL AND ENTERPRISE SERVICES.
Responsibilities
You will serve as the Enterprise Tools Manager responsible for providing enterprise-wide oversight and execution of the design and implementation of comprehensive end-to-end Order-to-Payment (OTP).
You will manage and integrate the NGEN request fulfillment process, NGEN Service Catalog, and NET Ordering Tool.
You will research and document sponsor/stakeholder requirements and ensure compliance with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology.
You will recommend business solutions to meet sponsor/stakeholder capability requirements in concert with continuous exploration of alternative options to bring cost, schedule, and performance value to the end-user community.
You will establish partnership with stakeholders across the Department of the Navy (DON) and Department of Defense (DoD) agencies to address and resolve OTP issues, requests, and operational tasks.
You will estimate, forecast, and define critical activities to execute requirements gathering and acceptance testing to improve network/system/tools accuracy.
You will develop metrics and analysis processes to provide analysis of software quality for all stages in the lifecycle to include test plans/test case/test script execution.
You will manage to budget controls for assigned projects/programs and Identify proper action to address budget shortfalls and excess funding and determine the best approach or solution for resolving budget shortage.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Current Federal employees applying for APS jobs must serve at least one year at the next lower grade level. All qualifications and pay band requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement and clearly documented in your resume.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
You will be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card for travel and travel-related purchases.
This position may require travel from normal duty station and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field Program Management, Level III. Certification is required within 24 months of appointment.
Qualifications
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-13 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector.

Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: Manage Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process; Oversee the Planning, Programming and Budgeting Execution (PPBE) process; and Apply DOD/DoN Information Technology (IT) Business Systems acquisition laws, regulations, processes and policies.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management web site: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education

Additional information
This position is in the Personnel Demonstration Project under authority of Title VII of the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978. The pay schedule and pay band for all Demonstration Project Administrative Specialist/Professional Positions will be DP-1/2/3/4.

This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ANALYTICAL TECHNIQUES
FUNDAMENTALS AND OPERATIONS OF BUDGET
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGEMENT
PARTNERING
RISK MANAGEMENT
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current DoD employees, Former federal employees, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and VEOA eligible,current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)"	476	Washington
Support Desk Analyst II - Arlington, VA	B. Riley Corporate Services Inc	Arlington, VA	None	"B. Riley Financial, through its subsidiaries, provides collaborative financial services and solutions tailored to fit the capital raising and financial advisory needs of public and private companies and high net worth individuals. The company operates through several wholly-owned subsidiaries, including B. Riley Securities, a full-service investment bank and institutional brokerage; B. Riley Retail Solution, a leading provider of asset disposition; B. Riley Advisory Services, appraisal, corporate advisory and valuation services, specialty financial advisory services and consulting firm; B. Riley Wealth Management, providing comprehensive wealth management services to individual and corporate clients; B. Riley Capital Management, which offer investment management to institutional and high net worth investors; and B. Riley Principal Investments, which invests in or acquires companies and assets with attractive return profiles.
We are seeking a full-time Support Desk Analyst II immediately to work in our Arlington, VA office.
The Support Desk Analyst II is responsible for supporting on-site and remote corporate customers on all matters pertaining technical support. This individual will troubleshoot and follow up on incidents via in person visit, email, incident management system, and phone. The successful candidate will enjoy working with customers at all levels, be amicable, and have excellent communication skills. This individual will be able to work independently with little supervision and will have the ability to take on various projects. This individual will work on the Support Desk team within B. Riley Financial, Inc. at our Arlington, VA branch.
Duties of this position include, but are not limited to the following:
Troubleshoots the customer’s issue and resolve upon first contact, when possible.
Accurately record and document all details of the issue or service request, including categorization and priority into the incident management tool.
Monitors the progress of requests for support and ensures that customers and other interested parties are kept informed.
Performs password resets and provides remote access/VPN support.
Provides ""how to"" assistance on all internally supported devices, applications and systems.
Leverages internal and external resources (knowledge bases, manuals, support sites, vendors, etc.) to answer questions and resolve issues.
Contributes to the creation/facilitation/maintenance of FAQ documents, knowledge articles and user guides.
Builds relationships with the Level 3 subject-matter experts to ensure that IT-delivered services and end-user productivity goals are understood and met or exceeded.
Works as a subject matter expert in most IT technical matters.
Will use technical ability to mentor to the Level 1 Support Desk Analysts
An advocate for the customers to ensure he or she receives high-quality and timely service and support from the entire IT organization.
Be an application advocate for the organization; if a user has an application need. The Analyst III will provide one of the many applications in our portfolio as a solution.
Support Analyst III will be the bridge between the support desk and Server Team to help with minor server tasks.
Be direct point of contact for the Great American subsidiary and will have in depth knowledge of the business operation and may field support calls from the European and Australian business units.
Completes any other duties as may be assigned by the CIO or SD Manager.
Education, Experience, and Skills:
Associate degree in Computer Science or related field. Bachelor’s degree a plus.
Technical Support certifications from CompTia(A+ and Net+), HDI, etc. extremely valuable.
8-10 years working in a Service Desk, 8 plus years experience in a technical support environment overall.
BUSINESS SKILLS:
Ability to understand various technical areas, hardware and software related to the operation of a Service Desk, e.g. Track-IT, VNC, ScreenConnect, SmartStation, Bloomberg, BlueMatrix, iStar and FactSet.
Experience with vendor relations, exchange admin, server admin, level 2 network and ability to understand various technical environments within the enterprise including desktop architecture, Windows OS, Active Directory, Office 2013/2016 and Office 365.
Ability to communicate effectively with internal and external users
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to interact effectively with both technical and non-technical individuals
Ability to perform under pressure and experience handling escalated issues
Good critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Must set high standards and integrity while motivating the team to succeed
A strong desire to learn and a willingness to take on new challenges
PHYSICAL ACTIVITIES AND REQUIREMENTS OF THE POSITION:
The employee will occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds
Some travel may be required and work over the weekends may be required as necessary
B. Riley Financial, Inc. employees enjoy competitive salaries, access to our 401(k) profit sharing retirement plan and our other benefits including paid holidays, vacation, and sick leave, voluntary group medical, dental, and vision insurance, and company paid life and disability coverage.
Experience
Required
Technical Support certifications from CompTia(A+ and Net+), HDI, etc. extremely valuable.
8 year(s): Eight plus years working in a technical support environment
8 - 10 years: Eight to ten years working in Service Desk
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Information Technology or related field
Associates or better in Computer Science or related field
Skills
Required
Customer Service
Communication
Behaviors
Required
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Motivations
Required
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization"	476	Washington
Supervisory Education Program Specialist	US U.S. Agency for International Development	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your application package. Your application may not receive full consideration if you do not follow the instructions as outlined.

This position is located in the Ronald Reagan Building at 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC., in the Bureau for Democracy, Development and Innovation (DDI), at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).

Responsibilities
As a Supervisory Education Program Specialist, your duties will include the following:

Supervising and providing feedback on the work of technical and program specialists and teams; prioritizing professional development and distributed leadership opportunities for supervisees and Center staff broadly;
Leading the implementation of strategic goal setting for staff as a member of the Center's Senior Management Group;
Providing support to Agency-wide activities within the education sector by reviewing and analyzing data and developing strategies, analytical models, and methodologies; providing assistance and advice on the sector and cross-sectoral issues;
Serving as a leading education expert and coordinator in providing intellectual leadership around evidence and learning; generating policy recommendations, interventions, and agency mechanisms; guiding research activities to support sustainable development within the international education development area;
Serving as an authority in educational program/project planning and development and having a significant effect on USAID's educational program; and developing program objectives, setting performance standards, reviewing research potential of innovative projects, and promoting further exploration of new approaches.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Travel may vary depending on the needs of the Bureau, but will not exceed 10% of the incumbent's time.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
15 - This position has reached its full performance level.
Job family (Series)
1720 Education Program
Similar jobs
Educational Specialists
Specialists, Educational
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
United States Citizenship is required.
Relevant experience (see Qualifications below).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Males born after 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service.
You will have to serve a one year Supervisory probationary period.
You will be required to serve a one-year probationary period.
Note: Your answers to the assessment questionnaire must be supported in your resume.
Qualifications
SELECTIVE PLACEMENT FACTOR: Your resume must demonstrate experience managing international education programs in the public or private sectors, including designing and managing education programs, developing education policy, working with local and host country governments, and developing and implementing education policy at the system level.

GS-15: In addition to the Education requirement and Selective Placement Factor, you MUST have one year of specialized experience that is equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-14 level in the Federal service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position include: a) managing a team of education development professionals; (b) providing expert advice and guidance to organizational leadership on international education programs and policies with significant emphasis on the areas of basic education, higher education, and/or youth/workforce development; (c) planning, designing, implementing and evaluating international education programs in developing countries; and (d) preparing, justifying and/or administering the budget for an education program or portfolio, including experience planning, administering and monitoring expenditures to ensure cost-effective support of programs and policies.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, relevant to the duties of the position to be filled, including volunteer experience.

CTAP/ICTAP candidates will be referred to the selecting official if they are found well qualified. Well-qualified means an eligible employee who possesses the knowledge, skills, and abilities which clearly exceed the minimum requirements of the position. A well-qualified employee must meet the qualification and eligibility requirements of the position, including any medical qualifications, suitability, and minimum education and experience requirements, meet all selective factors (where applicable); meet quality ranking factors and are assigned to the Silver Category or higher Category; be physically qualified with reasonable accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position; meet any special qualifying U.S. OPM-approved conditions; AND be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry without additional training.

A well-qualified candidate will not necessarily meet the definition of highly or best qualified when evaluated against other candidates who apply for a particular position. In the absence of selective and quality ranking factors, selecting officials will document the job-related reason(s) for qualification determinations.
Education
Degree: that included or was supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in a field related to the work of the position to be filled, of which at least 9 semester hours must have been in education courses.

Or

Combination of education and experience - at least 24 semester hours in a field related to the work of the position to be filled, of which at least 9 semester hours must have been in education courses, plus appropriate experience or additional education. The experience must reflect the level and kind described in C below.

Or

Four years of experience that demonstrated a thorough understanding of the principles and practices underlying the work of this series. This experience must have been of such character and diversity to demonstrate that the applicant possesses an understanding of the field comparable to that normally acquired through successful completion of a full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university.

Or

At least 1 full academic year of professional teaching experience. This experience is defined as full and primary responsibility, under general supervision, for instruction of assigned students in an accredited school or institution. This includes responsibility for preparing and presenting lessons and for evaluating students' progress, including a determination of the students' success or failure according to established criteria. Serving in an assistant capacity to a professor without the authority to determine the students' success or failure to meet course requirements does not meet this criterion.

Additional information
USAID is an independent Federal Government agency that receives overall foreign policy guidance from the Secretary of State. With headquarters in Washington, D.C., USAID fosters transformational development around the world. Our work supports economic growth and trade; agriculture and the environment; education and training; democracy and governance; global health; global partnerships and humanitarian assistance. We operate in the following regions of the world: Afghanistan and Pakistan, Africa (all of Africa), Asia, Europe and Eurasia, Latin America and the Caribbean and the Middle East. USAID employees in the Civil Service and Foreign Service, as well as individuals employed through Personal Service Contracts, must adhere to our Counter Trafficking in Persons Code of Conduct. For information on the effort to counter all forms of human trafficking, including the procurement of commercial sex acts and the use of forced labor, visit http://www.state.gov/g/tip. For more information about USAID, visit http://www.usaid.gov.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies.

These are Testing Designated Positions (TDP’s) under the Agency’s approved Drug Free Work Place Program. All applicants selected for this position will be subject to random drug testing once they begin working for the Agency.

Moving and relocation expenses are not authorized.

Mythbuster on Federal Hiring Policies:

https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf.

EEO Policy: EEO Policy Statement.

Reasonable Accommodation Policy: Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement.

Veterans' Information: Veterans Information.

Telework: https://www.telework.gov/.

Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual’s employment experience will be used only to determine the person’s qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities. Although an individual’s personal conduct may be relevant in any employment decision, including conduct during periods of unemployment or evidence of dishonesty in handling financial matters, financial difficulty that has arisen through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of an unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your application package to ensure you meet the job and eligibility requirements, including the education and/or experience required for this position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) and place you in one of three pre-defined categories. These categories are “Gold,” “Silver,” and “Bronze.” However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. Candidates placed in the “Gold” category will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview. How you will be evaluated for preference eligibility: Within each category, those entitled to veterans’ preference will be listed at the top of the pre-defined category for which they are placed. Preference eligibles with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category (Gold) depending on the position and grade level of the job. (You must provide proof of disability rating with a letter from the Veteran's Administration showing disability percentage rating).

The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies:

Education and Training
Technical Competence
Leadership
Planning and Evaluation
Organizational Awareness
Oral Communication
Written Communication


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience.
Veterans' documentation, if requesting consideration under any Veterans' hiring eligibilities (veterans’ preference and Veterans Recruitment Appointment).
If seeking eligibility based on any other special hiring authority (e.g. disabled veteran, Schedule A, special hiring programs). If you wish to be considered for veterans preference, you must provide a disability letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs showing your disability rating.
CTAP/ICTAP Eligibles: Must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation such as a reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice, a SF-50 reflecting your RIF separation, or a notice of proposed removal for declining a direct reassign or transfer of function to another commuting area. You MUST also submit documentation to reflect your current (or last) performance rating of record of at least ""fully successful"" (Level III) or equivalent, along with your application/resume package.
If this position requires proof of higher education, you must submit a copy of your transcript(unofficial transcript) or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information. Please be advised that an official transcript will be required if you are selected for the position.
Teacher certification or licensure in a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or a territory of the United States.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Working for USAID offers comprehensive benefits including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life and health insurance, and the Federal Employees Retirement System. You can explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at http://www.opm.gov/insure/health/. USAID's headquarters is in downtown Washington, D.C., at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center on 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., on the Federal Triangle Metro Blue and Orange Lines. The office is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, museums, and Washington Monument. A physical fitness facility and food court are on site. You will be eligible for telework in accordance with Agency policy.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens, no prior Federal experience is required."	476	Washington
Task Manager III	Peraton	Greenbelt, MD	None	"Peraton is a critical partner to the Intelligence Community, Department of Defense, and select federal agencies and commercial entities, providing innovative, reliable solutions to the nation’s most sensitive and mission-critical programs and systems. We are recognized as a trusted provider of highly differentiated space, intelligence, cyber, defense, homeland security, and communications capabilities.
Peraton is a mission integrator, focused on cyber tools development, secure network engineering, spectrum management, and delivering quick reaction solutions from the lab to the field. Our team partners with Defense agencies and the Intelligence Community on a variety of critical missions.
Peraton supports national security decision makers across all operational regimes of air, land sea, space and cyberspace. Our scientific discovery and research empower our employees and help our government keep America and our allies secure. We solve our nation’s toughest challenges by sharing our technical innovation and groundbreaking insights. All of this is possible due to the human insight and ingenuity of our most important asset, our employees.
We have an exciting opportunity for a Task Manager III to support our unique customer in Greenbelt, MD. This position requires an active Secret security clearance.
The purpose of this contract is to acquire engineering services for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for ground systems and mission operations support (GSMO-3) in all phases of a mission life cycle. The scope encompasses concept studies, design, development, integration, test, verification, operations, and sustainment of mission operations systems and subsystems, and operations processes and procedures.
Applies specialized knowledge of primary technical discipline, e.g., aerospace, mechanical, electrical, computer science to support research, planning, development, design, analysis, production, maintenance, and operation of devices, equipment, complex systems, or processes;
Design activities generally involve customer specifications, constraints, operating environments, and autonomous, unattended operation;
State-of-the-art product development activities may require modification and extension of existing methods and may require advanced techniques and/or tools.
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering (e.g. Aerospace, Electrical, Electronic, Optics, Mechanical);
At least 5 years of related experience;
Requires broad knowledge of several fields and extensive knowledge of own specialty Manages a segment of the organization's technical operations such as Satellite Operations, Software Systems, Logistics and Quality in compliance with established policies and procedures. Provides technical direction to staff and monitors performance to ensure compliance with contract. Participates in developing, interpreting, and implementing policies and procedures for the organization. Organizes project and task workloads and selects individuals most qualified for assignments on specific projects.
Ensures employee conformance to established practices and proper training of staff. Prepares reports and audits current procedures to monitor efficiency of operations.
Eligible for Secret Clearance
Desired Qualifications
Basic understanding of satellites and ground systems concepts through experience or education
Technical Documentation Skills
Oral and written presentation skills
Active Secret Clearance
Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the world’s leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the can’t be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law."	476	Washington
Senior Policy Advisor	Native American Finance Offices Association (NAFOA)	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	Senior Policy Advisor JOB TITLE: Senior Policy Advisor CLASSIFICATION:  Full-time; exemptWORK ENVIRONMENT:  Home office located in Washington DC area required; some required travelREPORTING:  Reports to Board of Directors and Executive DirectorABOUT NAFOA NAFOA is a national non-profit organization (“Organization” or “NAFOA”) providing leadership for the advancement of independent and culturally-vibrant American Indian and Alaska Native communities by promoting excellence in financial management, advocating sound economic and fiscal policy, developing innovative education initiatives, and providing essential information, resources, and support to meet the challenges of economic growth and change.POSITION OVERVIEW Under the direction of the Executive Director or such other position as the Executive Director may designate from time-to-time, the Senior Policy Advisor (“SPA”) is responsible for both managing and supervising the legislative policy practice areas of NAFOA’s operation.As a manager the SPA will make essential decisions that affect all aspects of NAFOA’s legislative policy practice area, including the formulation, development and advocacy of federal Native American policies in the fields of tax, finance, investment, banking, infrastructure, and common sectors such as energy, gaming, and government contracting, as well as issues related to land use, among others.As a supervisor the SPA will supervise the subordinate policy specialist positions currently titled, “Senior Policy Specialist” and “Policy Specialist,” and such other positions as assigned or directed by the Executive director.In addition to his or her supervisory duties, the SPA will participate in researching and advising NAFOA on legislative policy matters impacting Indian Country including, but not limited to tax, finance, investment, banking, infrastructure, and common sectors such as energy, gaming, and government contracting, as well as issues related to land use.POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Manage NAFOA’s policy practice area.Supervise NAFOA’s policy practice area.Direct, supervise and manage the activities of individuals holding the positions of Policy Specialist, Economic Policy Specialist, and such other personnel as the Executive Director may assign or direct from time-to-time.Work with the NAFOA Director of Operations to recruit, screen, interview, hire, onboard, train, and evaluate individuals for the positions of Senior Policy Specialist, Policy Specialist, and such other personnel as the Executive Director may assign or direct from time-to-time; all subject to final approval by the Executive Director or his or her designee.Remain current regarding major legislative actions, events, key issues, and legislation and other written status reports on key federal issues and legislation that arise from time-to-time, all as related to Indian country and Indian affairs generally.Consistently and persistently develop and maintain personal relationships with members of Congress and/or their respective staffs in the Washington D.C. area.Monitor federal legislative activities that are germane to Indian country generally, and NAFOA’s Members specifically; with an emphasis on activities that affect all aspects of economic development in Indian country; and have a potential impact on NAFOA’s Mission and Purpose.Communicate directly with elected representatives of the House of Representatives, the Senate, Congressional committees and their respective staff members, as well as with staff members of the various federal and non-federal agencies with Native American-related programs, regarding relevant current and future federal policies, issues, grant opportunities, and regulations.Attend, participate in, and/or testify at Congressional hearings, meetings and similar events as needed and appropriate.Consistently and persistently develop and maintain personal relationships with leaders of NAFOA Member tribes, and thought leaders of prominence in Indian country.Attend and help organize policy activities such as hearings, congressional briefings, and other Hill activities.Legislation.− Analyze and/or draft legislative, administrative policy proposals on economic and political grounds for internal NAFOA use.− Generate ideas for legislation, including providing advice and analysis to the Executive Director on the economic and political prospects for various ideas and proposals either originating within the organization or presented by others, including potential legislation or regulatory action.− Write speeches, memoranda, policy position papers, talking points, and similar materials to introduce new legislation to entities like a committee, legislature (e.g., U.S. Congress or state legislature), and/or a Tribal council.− Critically identify and analyze policy documents relevant to NAFOA and its Members; and assist in developing advocacy strategies in anticipation or response.− Provide assistance in the development of NAFOA's federal legislative program prior to the beginning of each calendar year.Stay abreast of, analyze and advise the Executive Director regarding legal cases that impact economic development in Indian Country.Advise NAFOA member tribe leaders and Councils, when requested, on potential pathways to achieve NAFOA’s goals with respect to improving economic growth and opportunity in Indian Country.Dissemination and Application of Professional Expertise.− Summarize and present technical policy information in a manner that others, including NAFOA team members, can understand.− Act as a policy and legislative advisor to others to facilitate educating the tribal community at large about economic matters and legislative initiatives.− Liaise with relevant stakeholders to facilitate implementation of NAFOA’s policy and legislative recommendations and initiatives.− Use experience and expertise to support the educational outreach efforts of NAFOA team members, Member Tribes, students participating in NAFOA educational outreach programs, and relevant others in Indian country at large.Media and Public Relations.− May be asked to answer questions about legislation for reporters, legislative committee members or other legislative staff.− As directed, may meet with NAFOA members, non-profits, agencies or lobbyists to discuss a current or future bill or policy position.− Drafting correspondence, as directed.− Work closely and effectively with the NAFOA public affairs team on achieving its strategic goals.Maintain a level of awareness and knowledge of NAFOA programs, activities and policies necessary to conduct all of the above.REQUIRED SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE, AND ABILITIES Strong working knowledge of Native American culture and the economic policy issues impacting tribal governments. Experience in tribal government operations or understanding tribal governments a plus.Superior communication skills both orally and writing in an effective, organized, professional, and timely manner; including authorship, editing, and proofreading.Attention to detail, accuracy, and deadlines.Strong organizational skills to handle multiple overlapping projects.Ability to effectively work in an environment where interaction with NAFOA team members is primarily through email, texting, telephone, and other distance communications methodologies.Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and prioritize while working under multiple deadlines.Excellent problem solving and negotiation skills;Ability to effectively collect, analyze, organize, distill, and present information.Ability to represent NAFOA in a professional manner.Capacity to undertake work with minimum supervision.QUALIFICATIONS Advanced degree preferred (law, CPA or MBA) or experience may be substituted for education in the primary areas required for this role (e.g., research, policy, business management, finance, or equivalent).Five (5) years of experience in the general topic area of federal Indian policy. Prior government or industry experience may be substituted for direct policy experience.Availability and willingness to travel as necessary.Possess advanced writing skills and the ability to summarize detailed policy issues into easy to read and understood documents. Ability to proofread and edit.WORK HOURS This is a Forty (40) hours per calendar week position, fifty-two (52) weeks per calendar year; provided, however, during the time periods leading up to, during, and immediately following NAFOA conferences and similar events, involvement up to Sixty (60) hours per week will be required.COMPENSATION Annual Salary: Negotiable based on experience and skill set related to the qualifications stated.WORK ENVIRONMENT SPA must live in the greater Washington D.C area.Work from a home office and meet with NAFOA staff and partners in person as directed. Domestic travel is required for conferences, client relationship building, and staff meetings.TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT Position holder must be available during the workday via instant messenger, email, phone, Skype, Facetime, conference calls, web conferencing, and/or other similar methods of communication as may be available and used by NAFOA in the future.Employment at NAFOA is on an “at-will” basis, for no definite period, and may regardless of the date or method of payment of wages or salary, be terminated at any time with or without cause, and with or without notice. Position holder can terminate employment with NAFOA at any time with or without cause, and with or without notice. Other than NAFOA’s Executive Director, no supervisor, director, or other person, irrespective of title or position, has authority to alter the at-will status of position holder’s employment or enter into any employment contract for a definite period of time with position holder. Any agreement with position holder altering position holder’s at-will employment status must be in writing and signed by position holder and NAFOA’s Executive Director.REMOTE OFFICE LOCATION _Home Office Generally __ _ This position offers the flexibility inherent in working from home. To offer this benefit NAFOA expects and considers it to be a job requirement that the SPA create a workspace (“home office”) in his/her dwelling conducive to performing his/her duties on behalf of NAFOA.The SPA is responsible for (i) basic office furniture costs, (ii) the rent and utilities of the home attributable to the office, and (iii) other general supplies to perform the work._Phone and Internet __ _ The success of this position is founded on the use of the Internet and the telephone.Consequently:NAFOA will provide the SPA with a cellphone and laptop computer for his/her use at home or travel, and an external hard drive to be used for backing-up all NAFOA related files of any nature and type.‒ SPA shall provide the Executive Director or his/her designee the user name(s) and passcode(s) for all telephonic, computer, printing, copying, scanning, faxing and/or similar equipment and application programs, websites and all other user name and/or passcode access controlled sites related to any and all NAOFA provided equipment and/or software at the time any such information is first established or changed. This provision of access-related information shall be a continuous and ongoing duty; and essential job function.The SPA may use the NAFOA provided cellphone for personal use that does not cause any additional charges to NAFOA. Outgoing messages or voicemail messages must clearly and professionally indicate the Senior Policy Advisor's role with NAFOA and the ability for someone to leave a message for the Senior Policy Advisor in this capacity.The SPA will be responsible for backing up his/her computer files at least once a calendar month on the hard drive that NAFOA provides, and storing that hard drive in a safe place. In addition, the SPA will have a NAFOA email account that automatically receives and forwards all emails sent from or received by the SPA’s NAFOA email address. Periodically and at least quarterly, the SPA must send him/herself and his/her supervisor a compressed file of his/her NAFOA hard drive to his/her respective NAFOA email accounts, that will serve as a backup in case of a local disaster.NAFOA’s remote working office environment is functional thanks to many tools and protocols the Organization has adopted. This position requires regular communication with the Executive Director or other Executive Director designee(s), fellow colleagues and NAFOA staff, NAFOA Partners, member Tribes, suppliers, vendors, consultants, contractors, and others via email, telephone, conference calls, web conferencing, website posting, blogs, wiki participation, and instant messaging; as well as other forms of communication which may become available in the future.As part of the SPA’s employment with NAFOA, the SPA will need to become familiar and comfortable with using these communication options in order to facilitate an effective working environment for all.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftCOVID-19 considerations:Federal mask mandates will be followed if any appointments are made in the DC area with legislators and their staff.Application Question(s):Experience with Native American tribes is extremely important. Please describe your experience in this area.What is your salary expectations?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Governmental accounting: 3 years (Required)Legislative policy: 5 years (Required)Economic policy: 5 years (Required)Native American culture: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	476	Washington
Technology Product Manager	North American Securities Administrators Association	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	None	NASAA Technology Product Manager Summary of Position The North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA), a prominent Washington D.C. non- profit membership association devoted to supporting the work of state and provincial securities regulators, is seeking to hire a Technology Product Manager. NASAA’s 67 members include the securities regulators in all 50 U.S. states, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the District of Columbia, the provincial and territorial securities regulators in Canada, and the CNBV of Mexico.As the Technology Product Manager, you will be responsible for the management and growth of the association’s Electronic Filing Depository System (EFD). This individual will work closely with the organization’s corporate office staff and leadership, EFD Steering Committee (Committee), Board of Directors and state regulator members, industry users as well as external vendor-developers for the system. He or she will acquire an in-depth knowledge of the goals and desired objectives of the EFD system and lead the in-house EFD team staffed by members of the Legal, and Finance and Operations Departments. The position reports to the Director of Finance and Operations.NASAA offers a competitive compensation package, including medical and dental benefits; disability insurance; life insurance; and retirement fund options.The responsibilities of the Technology Product Manager will include the following: Liaison & Communication Ably represent, interface with, and engage with all system stakeholders including state regulators, internal users, and external system users.Effectively communicate new or enhanced system functionalities so that the vendor-developer understands the resources needed to realize them.Consistently communicates development status to the Committee, the internal EFD team, the ExecutiveDirector.Appropriately engages in-house or outside legal counsel to ensure compliance of EFD with state securities regulations and vendor agreements.Collaborates with Finance and Operations staff to accurately determine and clearly communicate cost/benefit propositions of EFD development.Frequently engage with stakeholders to understand requirements, develop possible courses of action, and manage expectations.Organize, lead, and report on internal EFD team meetings and other recurring meetings.Development In collaboration with NASAA leadership and the Committee, maintain and revise as necessary an overall product roadmap and communicate same to the system’s stakeholders.Create, maintain, prioritize, and sequence the development of enhanced system functionality and bug fixes.Incorporate best practices into overall product approach, especially as it relates to reliability, availability, resiliency, and security.Project ManagementSteer EFD projects to ensure delivery of value to system users.Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders.Ensure that EFD projects are delivered on-time, within scope, and within budget.Effectively manage project risks.Manage vendor performance in completion of project tasks.Recommend changes in direction or courses of action when necessary.Assist the Committee in defining requested changes to the system and guide the EFD system change management process.Provide regular project status reports to stakeholders.Application Support Develop and maintain standards for testing new system functionalities and enhancements.Direct vendor-developer to resolve system issues and provide progress reports to stakeholders.Assist with internal and external communication, provide transparency and information relevant to stakeholders.Qualification for the Technology Product Manager Formal Education and Certification Bachelor’s degreeProject management credential (PMI PMP, PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (OMI-ACP), or Professional Scrum Product Owner (I/II/III) preferred.Knowledge and Experience A minimum of three (3) years technology project management experience and five (5) or more years of relevant work experience.Experience in managing complex web application migrations to cloud platforms like Azure.Thorough understanding of Agile software development methodologies, values, and procedures.Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle.In-depth knowledge of web applications and testing practices and techniques.Demonstrated experience in managing outside vendors for hosting, development, and support.Ability to understand workflows, processes, dependencies, and integrations with other systems.Ability to understand complex technical issues and translate them to non-technical stakeholders.Familiarity with common compliances relevant to EFD such as SOC 1 and SOCBasic understanding of EFD’s development platform and languages: Visual Studio using a combination of .net, C#, and Visual Basic is a plusPersonal Attributes Excellent oral and written communicator.Open to seeking guidance and direction in carrying out the responsibilities of the position.Self-motivated and capable of managing multiple priorities and project deadlines.Team-player with the ability to work alone or in a collaborative environment.Strong analytical skills with a high attention to detail.Committed to continued professional development.A strong interest in investor protection and securities regulationWork Conditions Occasional evening and weekend work to meet deadlines.Sitting for extended periods of time.Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and to handle other computer components.Physically able to participate in training sessions, presentations, and meetings.Some travel may be required for the purpose of stakeholder engagement and requirements gathering.To be considered for this position, please submit a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements. A writing sample may be included as part of the submission. References will not be contacted without prior notice to you. NASAA is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, sex, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. We are committed to diversity in the workplace and promote a drug-free environment.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Product Management: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One location	476	Washington
Journeyman III	INNOVATIVE CONSULTING & MANAGEMENT	Washington, DC	None	"Description:

POSITION SUMMARY:
This position is a Union Position
Responsible for the operation and maintenance of all building equipment and systems. In tandem with the Chief Engineer, the candidate will be responsible for assigning work and scheduling staff. In-depth knowledge of emergency power systems and data center layouts.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Direct, coordinate and exercise functional responsibility for planning, organizing and controlling the integration and completion of building systems through those they are responsible for
Monitors and supervises the ongoing work by third party contractors and in-house personnel to ensure optimal performance
Works with the Chief Engineer or Project Manager in overseeing the complete operations of the building
Operates and maintains the central plant areas and any energy management system
Maintains building support, safety, and security of equipment by hosting regular meetings with staff
Responds to customer requests in a helpful and consultative manner
Establishes and maintains inventories of tools, supplies, and equipment necessary for daily maintenance
Engages discusses and comes up with solutions to tenant/customer challenges
Responsible for assisting the Operator with daily operations procedures in the central plant
Assist in maintaining and repairing all machinery as assigned
Responsible for assisting the Operators with maintaining all safety equipment at the central plant
As assigned, perform preventive maintenance work orders
Responsible for making after-hours rounds and mechanical equipment room to assess the functionality of the equipment and work that has been completed
Assist the Operators in maintaining the clean and safe appearance of the central plant and all machinery contained within it
Responsible for after-hours emergencies of HVAC, fire alarm, electrical and plumbing issues that may arise in the building
Work on minor construction project
Prepare incident summaries on emergencies
Complies with all applicable Company policies regarding health, safety, and environmental compliance and information protection
. Requirements:

JOB REQUIREMENTS:
5+ year experience in performing maintenance and operations of building size of 300,000 square feet
Knowledge of HVAC installation, troubleshooting, repair and maintenance
Ability to perform preventive maintenance according to published guidelines
Ability to read, understand, follow, and enforce safety procedures and the confidence to suggest additional safety procedures.
Working knowledge of HVAC and associated systems employing computer/software-based monitoring and control devices
Knowledge of mechanical equipment, electrical, plumbing, utilities, distribution systems, and controls, including maintenance and troubleshooting
Ability to repair building systems that are controlled by a central Energy Management Control System (EMCS)
Must be able to use hand and power tools applicable to the trade
Must be able at times to work independently with little or no supervision.
RECOMMENDED QUALIFICATIONS:
DC 3rd Class Engineer License
High School diploma
Ability to pass an extensive background analysis
Experience working in a government facility
Ability to read blueprint diagrams
Previous experience in developing and managing to a budget
Ability to use computer software to develop and track the progress of tasks; specifically, Excel, Word, email, and PowerPoint
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:While performing the duties of this position, the employee is frequently required to stoop, reach, stand, walk, lift, pull, push, grasp, communicate, and use repetitive motions.
While performing the duties of this position, the employee may frequently lift and or move 50 pounds of materials.
The position requires the individual to meet multiple demands from multiple people and interact with the public and other staff.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:May be required to work overtime, other shifts, or on-call as needed or scheduledResponsible for 24/7, weekends, and holiday supportEmergency overtime may be requiredGenerally, works indoors and outdoors, on elevated structures and in cramped areas."	476	Washington
Project Manager	Vidoori	Washington, DC	None	"Job Tracking ID: 512902-774262
Job Location: Washington
Level of Education: BA/BS
Job Type: Full-Time/Regular
Date Updated: 05/27/2021
Vidoori, Inc., a rapidly growing small business providing high quality information technology services & products to solve business problems for Federal and Commercial clients, is building a strong team to deliver high quality Navy Risk Management Framework (RMF) cybersecurity solutions and seeking a Project Manager who will:


Manage, lead and advise staff members in order to meet established objectives supporting the NAVSEA Enterprise RMF review factory
Develop project management plan, schedule, and goals
Identify needed resources
Monitor project execution
Develop schedules and methods for measuring results
Guide and perform strategic analysis for the project
Organize and manage all phases of the project to ensure on-time completion
Act independently to resolve major problems
Assemble and coordinate project team members; assigning individual responsibilities
Prepare requests and conduct all necessary meetings to facilitate project services, products, and deliverables
Plan and oversee the preparation and dissemination of project communications
Act independently to resolve complex problems and influence positive outcomes
Make sound decisions that result in achieving critical organizational objectives
Experience and Skills
Extensive knowledge and experience managing the technical and financial execution of technology and cyber projects.
Project Management experience – Minimum 10 years IT Project Management experience
Ability to manage resources
Strong People skills, especially diplomacy and advocacy skills
Ability to manage the day-to-day processes (not just resources)
Effective oral and written communication skills a must
Exceptional degree of ingenuity, versatility, creativity, and resourcefulness
Attention to detail
Perform work with minimal direction

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field.

Current DoD IAT/IAM Level III"	476	Washington
Business Analyst III	Fairfax County Government	Fairfax, VA 22035	$68,720 - $114,533 a year	"The Department of Public Works and Environmental Services, a nationally accredited agency committed to building and maintaining safe, reliable infrastructure that improves public health and provides a high quality of life for residents, is seeking an experienced and innovative business analyst to join the IT services team supporting the Capital Facilities division. An exciting initiative is underway to implement an innovative SaaS capital project management technology, providing an excellent opportunity for a qualified candidate to help modernize processes supporting both customers and employees.

As a member of the team, you will:
Serve as the lead business analyst point of contact to Capital Facilities division and have overall responsibility and accountability for development and delivery of high-quality IT solutions and services.
As the service delivery manager for the Capital Project Management Information System (CPMIS), lead and coordinate between the SaaS vendor, Internal IT, and business users to build effective communications and provide governance over system enhancements and changes, problem/incident root cause analysis, and business requirement definition and prioritization.
Ensure new system implementations and changes meet business requirements and improve customer satisfaction levels.
Serve as the CPMIS application administrator, conduct user training, perform configuration changes, monitor system usage, manage problem/incident resolution, and coordinate maintenance activities with the SaaS vendor.
Perform analysis of business needs and stay current in technology innovations to define and present solution proposals and strategies.
Champion the evaluation and redesign of business processes to enhance functionality and efficiency and facilitate change.
Engage and build influential relationships with senior leaders and stakeholders to appropriately drive focus and priorities on the right things for success.

Employment Standards
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Any combination of education, experience, and training equivalent to a bachelor's degree in business, computer science or a field related to the department where the IT services are being used: plus four years of experience analyzing business processes and/or developing/maintaining the main business system, technical platform or a related system.

Any combination of education, experience, and training equivalent to the following:
(Click on the aforementioned link to learn how Fairfax County interprets equivalencies for ""Any combination, experience, and training equivalent to"")

NECESSARY SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:
The appointee to this position will be required to complete a criminal background check to the satisfaction of the employer.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Master's in computers systems, information systems management, or related fields.
Expert in working directly with customers and/or end users soliciting requirements, producing solution proposals that meet those requirements, and engaging customers to provide process consultation.
At least 7 years’ experience in leading new implementations of large and complex Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions and providing maintenance support services.
Experience in providing application system administration support and troubleshooting technical issues on a day-to-day operational basis.
Expert in change governance and strategic alignment activities and principles.
At least 3 years’ experience with IT/systems integrations and their interfaces.
Knowledge in project planning, management, and coordination.
Experience working at all levels of an organization to include communicating with senior and executive staff in formal and informal settings, both verbally and in writing.
Experience preparing documentation for system development, including user requirements, process flow diagrams, design specifications, testing plans and implementation strategies
Project management certification.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Job is generally sedentary. Ability to use keyboard-driven equipment. Ability to input, access, and retrieve information from a computer. All duties performed with or without reasonable accommodations.

SELECTION PROCEDURE:
Panel interview and may include exercise.

Fairfax County Government prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics, political affiliation, or status as a veteran in the recruitment, selection, and hiring of its workforce.

Reasonable accommodations are available to persons with disabilities during application and/or interview processes per the Americans with Disabilities Act. Contact 703-324-4900 for assistance. TTY 703-222-7314. EEO/AA/TTY."	476	Washington
Project Manager	Vidoori inc	Washington, DC 20032 (Anacostia area)	None	"Job Description:
Vidoori, Inc., a rapidly growing small business providing high quality information technology services & products to solve business problems for Federal and Commercial clients, is building a strong team to deliver high quality Navy Risk Management Framework (RMF) cybersecurity solutions and seeking a Project Manager who will:
Manage, lead and advise staff members in order to meet established objectives supporting the NAVSEA Enterprise RMF review factory
Develop project management plan, schedule, and goals
Identify needed resources
Monitor project execution
Develop schedules and methods for measuring results
Guide and perform strategic analysis for the project
Organize and manage all phases of the project to ensure on-time completion
Act independently to resolve major problems
Assemble and coordinate project team members; assigning individual responsibilities
Prepare requests and conduct all necessary meetings to facilitate project services, products, and deliverables
Plan and oversee the preparation and dissemination of project communications
Act independently to resolve complex problems and influence positive outcomes
Make sound decisions that result in achieving critical organizational objectives

Required Experience:

Extensive knowledge and experience managing the technical and financial execution of technology and cyber projects.
Project Management experience – Minimum 10 years IT Project Management experience
Ability to manage resources
Strong People skills, especially diplomacy and advocacy skills
Ability to manage the day-to-day processes (not just resources)
Effective oral and written communication skills a must
Exceptional degree of ingenuity, versatility, creativity, and resourcefulness
Attention to detail
Perform work with minimal direction
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field.
Current DoD IAT/IAM Level III

From: Vidoori inc"	476	Washington
Tajiki Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Tajiki Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	476	Washington
Senior Manager, Air Quality (Chief of Party, Clean Air Catalyst)	World Resources Institute	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	None	"Job Summary

In this role, you will serve as Chief of Party for the Clean Air Catalyst. Reporting to the Director, Air Quality, you will work closely with the Global Co-Leads for Air Quality to ensure that the Catalyst strategy aligns with and leverages WRI’s broader air quality strategy. You will also contribute to WRI’s institutional strategy for engagement with USAID across various aspects of cities, climate, and environmental programming.

This position is remote due to COVID-19, but will be based at WRI’s office in Washington, DC once restrictions have lifted.


Job Responsibilities

Chief of Party for Clean Air Catalyst Program: 85%

Liaise with USAID to refine and adapt Catalyst activities, workplan, monitoring, evaluation, and learning, and other project structures to meet project goals
Oversee the budget of the project and ensure effective use of funds to deliver impact
Articulate project successes and lessons learned to USAID and USG constituencies
Regularly liaise with global project partners; support pilot team leads in maintaining relationships with pilot partners
In consultation with Air Quality Directors at WRI and EDF, lead strategy development, assessment, and scaling throughout the lifecycle of the Catalyst
Lead large project team across multiple WRI offices to support the execution of the Catalyst project. Direct oversight of Management group
Oversee and coordinate activities of pilot teams within the Catalyst framework, in collaboration with technical leads and pilot Project Managers
Ensure the project is compliant with USAID Rules and Regulations (2 CFR 200, 2 CFR 700; ADS 300, Chapter 303, Grants and Cooperative Agreements; ADS 300, Chapter 302, Direct Contracting) as well as WRI standard operations and protocol
Liaison between Catalyst and other teams at WRI: 15%

Identify work at WRI AQ and Climate programs that has synergies with Catalyst
Contribute to ongoing institutional discussions about further work with USAID on Cities, Climate, and environmental topics
Job Qualifications

Advanced degree and/or experience in at least one of the following areas: climate change, air quality, environmental health preferred but not required
Minimum 15 years of relevant full-time work experience, with 10+ years of experience in project management and project implementation in an international setting Management experience in a USAID programme of comparable size and scope
Entrepreneurial experience (including development of new programs within larger institutions) is required
Experience leading geographically distributed coalitions of partners through implementation of complex, adaptive strategies in evolving environments
Strategic planning experience and track record of effectively managing and mitigating risk
Experience in program development including fundraising and partnership development in particular
Potential Salary

$108,000 - $146,000. Salary is commensurate with experience and other compensable factors.

How to Apply

Please submit a resume with cover letter. Applicants must apply through the WRI Careers portal to be considered.

Program Overview

WRI’s air quality program is a global initiative that seeks to identify, build awareness of, and eliminate the root causes of air pollution that damages climate, human, and ecosystem health. The program has three main areas of work: (i) engagement with city stakeholders to use participatory science to diagnose and develop targeted, cost-effective clean air solutions to protect human health and climate, (ii) working with the science community to convert innovative methods into tools and products that communities and policymakers can use to better manage their impact on the atmosphere, and (iii) working with national governments and business networks to design and implement broader regional-to-global air quality governance. It is a part of the WRI Ross Center on Sustainable Cities, with additional oversight from the Data Lab and engagement with Climate, Governance, Energy, and other programs at WRI. The team is global, with senior experts distributed across WRI’s network of international offices. This position will focus in particular on the Clean Air Catalyst, a USAID-funded consortium (Cooperative Agreement) that WRI is leading with EDF and other partners. The consortium, a currently funded at up to $20M program over 5 years (2020-2025), includes 7 global atmospheric science, public health, media, and policy partners. It works in three pilot regions with WRI international offices and local partners to test and refine a three-part data to action methodology for improving air quality and delivering climate and development co-benefits.


WRI Overview

World Resources Institute (WRI) is an independent, nonprofit global research organization that turns big ideas into action at the nexus of environment, economic opportunity and human well-being. We are working to address seven critical challenges that the world must overcome this decade in order to secure a sustainable future for people and the planet: climate change, energy, food, forests, water, sustainable cities, and the ocean.

We are passionate. We value our diversity of interests, skills and backgrounds. We have a flexible work environment. And we share a common goal to catalyze change that will improve the lives of people. Our shared ideals are at the core of our approach. They include: integrity, innovation, urgency, independence and respect.

The foundation of our work is delivering high-quality research, data, maps and analysis to solve the world’s greatest environment and international development challenges, and improve people’s lives. We work with leaders in government, business and civil society to drive ambitious action and create change on the ground. Equally important, we bring together partners to develop breakthrough ideas and scale-up solutions for far-reaching, enduring impact.

We have been growing rapidly: our staff has doubled in size over the past 5 years and our operating budget is now $150 million. Founded in 1982, WRI has a global staff of 1,000+ people with work spanning 60 countries. We have offices in Africa , Brazil , China , Europe , India , Indonesia , Mexico and the United States as well as a growing presence in other countries and regions.

WRI is committed to advancing gender and social equity for human well-being in our mission and applies this principle to our organizational and programmatic practices."	476	Washington
Public Health Advisor (Infectious Disease Advisor)	US U.S. Agency for International Development	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your application package. Your application may not receive full consideration if you do not follow the instructions as outlined.

This position is located in the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center, 1300 Pennsylvania Ave., NW., Washington, DC., in the Bureau for Africa, Office of Sustainable Development (AFR/SD).

Responsibilities
The Africa Bureau Health Team, within the Office of Sustainable Development (AFR/SD/H), coordinates AFR policies and strategies for USAID’s health programs in Africa, which total approximately $5 billion annually and represent the Agency’s largest investments on the continent. The Health Team directly manages approximately $13 million which it uses to fund activities that support African institutional capacity strengthening, and activities designed to improve the quality, availability, and access to health services for Africa's most vulnerable populations. This includes programs to address data for decision making, health financing challenges, as well as expanding relationships with regional networks and institutions. The Team works across all health sectors, including maternal, newborn, and child health (MNCH), reproductive health, infectious diseases, global health security, and health systems strengthening.

As a Public Health Advisor, your duties will include:

Directing management of infectious disease activities, including grants and contracts as AOR, COR, or Activity Manager.
Playing a leadership role in the conceptualization, design, documentation, and management of USAID infectious disease, global health security, outbreak response, and other health activities for the Bureau for Africa.
Participating in and, as needed, lead Agency and interagency outbreak response activities, including Ebola-repose, COVID-response, and other infectious disease response activities for the Africa region.
Providing expert guidance on emerging and re-emerging infectious diseases across the African continent, providing technical leadership and management oversight to advance strategies and programs that protect the health, including and especially programs that prevent, detect, and respond to pandemic threats.
Identifying issues, constraints, and opportunities to address health needs in Africa, including needs for applied research, in dialogue with African regional institutions, PVOs/NGOs, bilateral and multilateral donors, other USG institutions, think tanks, Congressional staff, and others.
Representing Bureau for Africa interests to senior-level and other host-government officials, as well as representatives of the regional and local private sector and NGO entities.
Advising senior Agency, Bureau, and Mission management and prepares or oversees the preparation of project papers, project agreements, project authorizations, Congressional notifications, and implementation letters. Advise Missions and USAID/Washington on courses of action.
Travel Required
50% or less - Domestic and international travel is required but less than 30 %
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14 - Position is at the full performance level
Job family (Series)
0685 Public Health Program Specialist
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
United States Citizenship is required.
Relevant experience (see Qualifications below).
Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Males born after 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service.
Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer is required.
You will be required to serve a one-year probationary period.
Note: Your answers to the assessment questionnaire must be supported in your resume.
Qualifications
GS-14 -You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. Examples of qualifying specialized experience at the next lower level for this position include experience: (a) communicating, both orally and in writing, to make clear, convincing presentations to provide guidance and advise program administrators and members of the community and representatives from public and private-public health organizations; (b) developing integrated country health strategies encompassing a complexity of high impact services - health systems and infectious disease; (c) applying principles, concepts, methods, and techniques of public health administration to analyze and provide expert advice to program and project administrators and managers.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, relevant to the duties of the position to be filled, including volunteer experience.

ICTAP candidates will be referred to the selecting official if they are found well qualified. Well-qualified means an eligible employee who possesses the knowledge, skills, and abilities which clearly exceed the minimum requirements of the position. A well-qualified employee must meet the qualification and eligibility requirements of the position, including any medical qualifications, suitability, and minimum education and experience requirements, meet all selective factors (where applicable); meet quality ranking factors and are assigned to the Silver Category or higher Category; be physically qualified with reasonable accommodation to perform the essential duties of the position; meet any special qualifying U.S. OPM-approved conditions; AND be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry without additional training.

A well-qualified candidate will not necessarily meet the definition of highly or best qualified when evaluated against other candidates who apply for a particular position. In the absence of selective and quality ranking factors, selecting officials will document the job-related reason(s) for qualification determinations.
Education
This position does not have a positive education requirement. Therefore, no Transcripts are required.
Additional information
USAID is an independent Federal Government agency that receives overall foreign policy guidance from the Secretary of State. With headquarters in the District of Columbia, we operate in more than 100 countries around the world, playing an active and critical role in the promotion of U.S. foreign policy interests. When crisis strikes; when rights are repressed; when hunger, disease and poverty rob people of opportunity; USAID acts on behalf of the American people to help expand the reach of prosperity and dignity to the world's most vulnerable people. USAID employees and contractors must commit to maintaining a workplace free of sexual misconduct, including harassment, exploitation, and abuse and adhere to USAID's Counter-Trafficking in Persons Code of Conduct. For information on the effort to counter all forms of human trafficking, including the procurement of commercial sex acts and the use of forced labor, visit http://www.state.gov/g/tip. For more information about USAID, visit http://www.usaid.gov.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies.

These are Testing Designated Positions (TDP’s) under the Agency’s approved Drug Free Work Place Program. All applicants selected for this position will be subject to random drug testing once they begin working for the Agency.

Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer is required.

Moving and relocation expenses are not authorized.

Mythbuster on Federal Hiring Policies:

https://hru.gov/Studio_Recruitment/tools/Mythbuster_on_Federal_Hiring_Policies.pdf.

EEO Policy: EEO Policy Statement.

Reasonable Accommodation Policy: Reasonable Accommodation Policy Statement.

Veterans' Information: Veterans Information.

Telework: https://www.telework.gov/.

Selective Service Registration: http://www.sss.gov/.

It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. Information about an individual’s employment experience will be used only to determine the person’s qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities. Although an individual’s personal conduct may be relevant in any employment decision, including conduct during periods of unemployment or evidence of dishonesty in handling financial matters, financial difficulty that has arisen through no fault of the individual will generally not itself be the basis of an unfavorable suitability or fitness determination.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your application package to ensure you meet the job and eligibility requirements, including the education and/or experience required for this position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) and place you in one of three pre-defined categories. These categories are “Gold,” “Silver,” and “Bronze.” However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. Candidates placed in the “Gold” category will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview. How you will be evaluated for preference eligibility: Within each category, those entitled to veterans’ preference will be listed at the top of the pre-defined category for which they are placed. Preference eligibles with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category (Gold) depending on the position and grade level of the job. (You must provide proof of disability rating with a letter from the Veteran's Administration showing disability percentage rating).

The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies:

Project Management
Technical Competency
Organizational Awareness
Medical and Dentistry
Oral Communication
Written Communication


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience.
Veterans' documentation, if requesting consideration under any Veterans' hiring eligibilities (veterans’ preference and Veterans Recruitment Appointment).
If seeking eligibility based on any other special hiring authority (e.g. disabled veteran, Schedule A, special hiring programs).
ICTAP Eligibles: Must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation such as a reduction-in-force (RIF) separation notice, a SF-50 reflecting your RIF separation, or a notice of proposed removal for declining a direct reassign or transfer of function to another commuting area. You MUST also submit documentation to reflect your current (or last) performance rating of record of at least ""fully successful"" (Level III) or equivalent, along with your application/resume package.
If this position requires proof of higher education, you must submit a copy of your transcript(unofficial transcript) or a list of courses that includes the following information: name of accredited institution, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. Please refer to http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/policy/ApplicationOfStds-04.asp for more information. Please be advised that an official transcript will be required if you are selected for the position.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Working for USAID offers comprehensive benefits including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life and health insurance, and the Federal Employees Retirement System. You can explore the benefits offered to most Federal employees at http://www.opm.gov/insure/health/. USAID's headquarters is in downtown Washington, D.C., at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center on 14th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., on the Federal Triangle Metro Blue, Silver, and Orange Lines. The office is within walking distance of restaurants, shops, museums, and Washington Monument. A physical fitness facility and food court are on site. You will be eligible for telework in accordance with Agency policy.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens - No prior Federal experience required."	476	Washington
Logistician	R&P Technologies, LLC	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	None	"Overview:

R&P is looking for a Logistician (Mid) to provide PMS product support/logistics engineering analysis and planning. Logisticians integrate the spectrum of the logistics processes within the operational, acquisition and wholesale environments. Logisticians are responsible for directing the integrated logistics process, developing support policies, procedures and systems, and providing implementation guidance. The Logistician prepares and implements directives to ensure effective logistics support and establishes and enforces standards to ensure that the assigned work force is properly trained and equipped. It is the Logistician's duty to develop, initiate, integrate and manage all logistics actions associated with life cycle management of weapon systems, subsystems and equipment.
Responsibilities:
Support Military Construction efforts and facilitate information flow between PMS 515 and CNIC/NAVFAC.
Develop Life Cycle Sustainment Planning documentation IAW DoD 5000.02 guidance for Performance Based organizations. Understand and identify critical availability, mission success, and cost allocations to decompose across sustainment organizations (Product Support Integrators) and contractors (Product Support Providers)
Develop platform acquisition, fleet introduction, and sustainment work breakdowns across supportability and integration events, and manage over system life-cycle. Identify ground rules and assumptions for determining operating and sustainment costs, and how these costs should be allocated down to product support integrators.
Develop weapon system supportability analyses using SAE TA-STD-0017 or MIL-STD-1388.2B and MIL-HDBK-502 as guides; develop and implement Life Cycle Sustainment Plans (LCSP) and Product Support Business Case Analyses (BCAs).
Develop/update acquisition strategies and life cycle sustainment plans that articulate programmatic tactics to achieve overarching strategic objectives.

Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree with 5 years of experience or a High School diploma with 10 years of experience
Familiar with Naval Logistics concepts, self-starting, and able to find/solicit information independently to build on complex efforts
Active DoD Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain one.
Preferred Qualifications:
Familiar with the concepts of reliability engineering and designing for sustainability
Acquisition Resource Managers, including management of Ship Project Directives (SPDs)
Experience preparing for or performing independent logistics assessments, shipbuilder assessments, in-service engineering assessments; and supportability studies on systems and equipment to identify areas for improvement, risks to achieving KPP or KSA and controlling O&S and TOC.
Logistics Product Data (LPD) knowledge, including analyzing and planning for new/modified product Provisioning.
Experience with DoD/DoN procedures and Policies (DoD 5000 process)
Experience in configuration management of shipbuilding programs, including the usage of CDMD-OA
Experience in ship COSAL outfitting policy and process, including the formulation of budgets and schedules
Experience with the range of services provides by intermediate and depot level sources of repair
Experience soliciting and consolidating broad information sets from government furnished Participating
DAU level III Logistician Equivalent

EEO Statement:

R&P Technologies provides equal opportunity for all persons and prohibits discrimination in employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), veteran or marital status, or any other factor prohibited by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leave, compensation, and training.
R&P maintains an Affirmative Action Plan to establish fair access to employment opportunities and to create a work community that is an accurate reflection of the qualified workforce. Due to security clearance requirements, U.S. citizenship is required for most positions
Salary:

R&P offers a highly competitive compensation package that includes contributions towards health insurance, 401(k) matching, and other non-salary benefits. Exact salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications."	476	Washington
Management and Program Analyst	US Administration for Children and Families	Washington, DC	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Department of Health And Human Services, Administration for Children and Families, Office of Government Contracting, located in Washington, District of Columbia.
Responsibilities
Leads the management of complex funding actions and supports other staff for the successful and timely execution of all approved financial and programmatic actions.
Directly supports response efforts in addition to daily operations as assigned.
Reviews and reconciles individual government purchase card reports and resolves discrepancies with the appropriate agencies.
Serves as the organization's liaison for financial support for both Micropurchase and above procurements.
Analyzes and evaluates the management practices and methods, and administrative operations of substantive organizations and complex functions.
Assures the accuracy of background and supporting information is provided in all financial and correspondence packages from cradle to grave.
Serves as a Contracting Officer Representative (COR) on contracts as required and maintains a FAC-COR Level II or III certification.
Serves as a Project and Program Manager (P/PM) as required and maintains a FAC-P/PM Level I or II certification.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Administrative Services Managers
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Management Analysts
Managers, Administrative Services
Managers, All Other
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship required
Registered or exempt from Selective Service (www.sss.gov)
If not previously completed, a background security investigation will be required for all appointees. Appointment will be subject to the applicant's successful completion of a background security investigation and favorable adjudication.
One year probationary period may be required
If you are selected for this position, the documentation that you present for purposes of completing the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 will be verified through the DHS ""E-Verify"" System.
All Federal employees are required to have Federal salary payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their choice.
Financial disclosure statement may be required.
Bargaining Unit Position: Yes
Drug Screening Required: No
Research position: No
Qualifications
Applicants must demonstrate that they meet the Specialized Experience requirements as noted below.

Specialized Experience:
GS-13: You must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-12 level in the Federal service that includes the following:
Utilizing qualitative and/or quantitative methods to evaluate administrative operations;
Advising organizational leadership on how best practices could be adopted throughout an organization; and
Conducting studies to identify and/or propose solutions to management problems.
Selective Placement Factor (SPF): This position requires a SPF be met in order to meet minimum requirements for the position. Applicants who do not meet the SPF are ineligible for further consideration.
Possess an active/valid Federal Acquisition Certification for Contracting Officer's Representative (FAC-COR) Level II or III certification and a Project and Program Manager (P/PM) Level I or II certification. Applicants must submit copies of an active/valid FAC-COR Level II or III and a FAC-P/PM Level I or II certifications with application.
NOTE(s):
Experience: Your resume must support your claim of experience or you may be found ineligible.
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through national Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to gain employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. If such experience is on a part-time basis, you must provide the average number of hours worked per week as well as the beginning and ending dates of the experience so it can be fully credited.

All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of the announcement.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
INCENTIVES
Incentives may be authorized; however, this is contingent upon multiple factors, including funds availability. If authorized, certain incentives may require you to sign a service agreement to remain in the Federal government for a period of up to 3 years. Note: This statement does not imply nor guarantee an incentive will be offered and paid. Incentives may include the following: moving expenses, recruitment or relocation incentive; student loan repayment, superior qualifications appointment, creditable service for annual leave for prior non-federal work experience or prior uniformed military service, etc.

In accordance with Executive Order 12564 of September 14, 1986, The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is A Drug-Free Federal Workplace. The use of illegal drugs, on or off duty, by Federal employees is inconsistent not only with the law-abiding behavior expected of all citizens, but also with the special trust placed in such employees as servants of the public.

Veterans' Preference - https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx

Reasonable Accommodation: This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please see Agency Contact Information for whom to contact for more info. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. You must contact the HR contact on the vacancy announcement at least three business days before the closing date of this announcement to receive assistance. For more information on disability employment, please visit https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/disability-employment/

Selective Service: Males born after December 31, 1959 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service - http://www.sss.gov

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): For information on how to apply as an ICTAP eligible see http://opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp#ictap. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, displaced Federal employees must be rated at 85.0 or above on the rating criteria for this position.

Political appointment: Beginning January 1, 2010, agencies must seek prior approval from OPM before they can appoint a current or recent political appointee to a competitive or non-political excepted service position at any level under the provisions of title 5, United States Code. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, or Non-career SES employee in the executive branch, you MUST disclose that to the Human Resources Office.

If you are unable to apply online, please go to https://help.usastaffing.gov/Apply/index.php?title=Alternate_Application_Information for more information on our alternate application method.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Additional selections may be made for similar positions across the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) within the local commuting area(s) of the location identified in this announcement. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with interested selecting official(s) at HHS. Clearance of CTAP/ICTAP will be applied for similar positions across HHS.


Once the application process is complete, a review of the resume and supporting documentation will be made and compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine if you are qualified for this job. If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility. Category rating procedures will be used to rate and rank candidates. The category assignment is a measure of the degree in which your background matches the competencies required for this position. Qualified candidates will be ranked into one of three categories:

Best Qualified - Applicants who have experience that is almost identical to those required by the position.
Well Qualified - Applicants who have experience that is very similar to those required by the position.
Qualified - Applicants who meet minimum qualification requirements, but do not identify any additional qualifying experience or skill.


Candidates in the highest category will be referred to the hiring agency.

The Category Rating Process does not add veterans' preference points but protects the rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category. Preference eligibles who meet the minimum qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 percent must be listed in the highest quality category (except in the case of scientific or professional positions at the GS-9 level or higher).

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics):
Administration and Management
Communication
Planning and Evaluating
Risk Management

To preview the assessment questionnaire, click the following link: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11140522

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
Submission of a resume alone IS NOT a complete application. You must provide a complete online Application Package which includes:

Your Resume must clearly articulate how your skills and experiences align to the criteria defined in the qualifications section of this announcement and it must support your responses to the assessment questionnaire. For each position you must describe your duties, accomplishments, related skills, and responsibilities. Your resume must also include the day, month, and year that you began and ended as well as hours worked per week (if less than 40) for each position held. Full-time employment will be assumed unless otherwise stated on your resume. Part-time employment will be prorated in crediting experience. Not providing this information may result in the lowering of your assessment score or an ineligible rating. For resume writing guidance, please visit the USAJobs Resource Center or view their video tutorial.
A complete Assessment Questionnaire (https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11140522)
Other Supporting Documents: (Only Submit if applicable to you.)
Veterans' Preference documentation:
Discharged Veterans: If you are claiming 5 point preference, you must submit a copy of your DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that supports dates of service and discharge status; if claiming 10 point preference, an application for 10-Point Veterans Preference (SF-15) and an official document dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs or from a branch of the Armed Forces, and/or any other associated documentation based on your preference.
Active Duty Members: Under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to Hire Heroes Act of 2011, if claiming 5 point preference, submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
ICTAP/CTAP Documentation:
A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for failure to relocate, notice of disability annuity termination, or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement;
A copy of your SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'', documenting your RIF separation, noting your positions, grade level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc;
A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and
Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.
You are not required to submit official documents at this time; copies are sufficient.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens"	476	Washington
Program Manager III	Armedia LLC	Vienna, VA 22182	None	"Armedia is a technology company with 18 years of experience. We are a CMMI Level 3 systems integrator providing Business Process Management, Document Management, Electronic Case Management and Records Management services and solutions.
Position Summary:
Senior Program Manager responsible for leading and managing US Government IT modernization projects in support of Federal agency efforts to improve and modernize operations. Responsible for leading and managing project resources, complying with contract terms and conditions, and ensuring successful delivery of IT services and products, developing and growing relationships with clients, and growing the account.
Responsible for leading IT tasks and projects in delivering a complex IT solution to a US Government client in accordance with the project charter, project agreement or contract. Overall responsible for project performance, including, but not limited to managing scope, cost, schedule, and contractual deliverables for IT-related projects. Activities include hands-on management and applying techniques for planning, tracking, change control, and risk management of IT-related projects. Responsible for managing all project resources, including subcontractors, and for establishing an effective communication plan with the project team and the customer. Provide day-to-day direction to the project team and regular project status to the customer.
Manages multiple workstreams simultaneously, effectively coordinating and communicating with US Government clients, project stakeholders, Armedia leaders, staff, and other contractor staff members. As an Armedia Program and Project Management (PM) leader, actively participates in and contributes to ongoing efforts to continuously improve Armedia PM operations and management, to include supporting business development and proposal preparation efforts.
Required (minimum) Education:
Bachelor's degree in Business, Information Technology, or related field. Years of experience may be substituted for education.
Desired (optimum) Education:
Master’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering or related field.
Required (minimum) Professional Certifications:
PMP®
Desired (optimum) Professional Certifications:
CSM® or PMI-ACP®
SAFe® Agilist
ITIL
Required (minimum) Years of Relevant Experience:
10(+) years of experience successfully leading and managing IT projects.
Desired (optimum) Years of Relevant Experience:
12(+) years of experience successfully leading and managing IT projects.
Required Skills:
Ability to build, lead, and manage highly skilled IT project teams.
Ability to successfully manage and deliver IT services and products for a US Government client.
Ability to administer and manage contracts with US Federal clients, develop and maintain productive professional relationships, and grow the account.
Desired Skills:
US Federal IT systems modernization and development Contract Administration.
Experience working with or for the US Department of Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
Working knowledge of the FAR.

Armedia is an Equal Opportunity Employer who is dedicated to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee for employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex/gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees."	476	Washington
Security Specialist I	OBXtek Inc.	Springfield, VA 22153	None	Responsibilities: OBXtek is looking for a OPSEC Security Specialist I with Construction focus who is responsible for providing instruction in construction security at the Diplomatic Security Training Center (DSTC). The incumbent works under the close guidance of the Program Office.***During Covid restrictions, this position is remote/telework. When the government lifts the restrictions, the position will be 100% onsite.*Major Duties:*Instruct Cleared American guard (CAG), Construction Surveillance Technician (CST), Construction Security Manager (CSM) and Site Security Manager (SSM) students in the protection of U.S. Department of State construction projects from technical compromise utilizing visual and technical inspection equipment.Present hands-on instruction, lectures and briefings on the following topics, not limited to:o Technical espionage preventiono Construction Surveillance Technician and Cleared American Guard policies, procedures and techniqueso Cleared American Escort procedures and techniqueso Site Security Manager policies, procedures and techniques.Coordinate students, instructors, facilities and classrooms to deliver the training.Write technical security lesson plans, administrative and self-study guides, presentation and other training materials. Compiles and maintains syllabi and lesson plans.Ensure that individual professional development records are maintained after teaching each course.Provide research services and advises program office personnel on national and international developments in construction security.Monitor the depletion rate of supplies, materials and equipment; notifies appropriate staff on low inventory or damaged equipment as required.Participate with other agencies/working groups to enhance training as required.Assist other staff members with their course preparation requirements.Employ applicable Department of State security standards and procedures to protect national security information.Operate U.S. government vehicles as necessary in the performance of assigned tasks.Travel to other U.S. or foreign training sites is occasionally required but not expected to exceed 25% of total work time.Employee will require supervision and has limited opportunity to exercise independent judgment and initiative in the line of work.Qualifications: Active Secret Clearance*Combination of education and experience equivalent to three to five (3-5) years of specialized experience in physical security, construction surveillance, or law enforcement.Knowledge of national and international security technology as it applies to construction security.Knowledge of hostile intelligence services and their methods of operation.Ability to demonstrate security practices required for safeguarding classified information in secure and non-secure environments.Ability to interpret blueprints and implement construction security policies, procedures and techniques.Ability to communicate and coordinate actions effectively with students, training coordinators, managers, and construction professionals, both within and outside the Department.Excellent organizational, interpersonal, oral and written communication skills.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (SharePoint, MS Word, PowerPoint and Excel).Ability to stand/walk/bend for long periods and lift medium to heavy objects.Must hold a valid driver’s license and be willing and able to drive an official U.S. government van/sedan as required.Education:Must have a high school diploma.**Ability to become a certified instructor within six (6) months of assignment.Company Information: Headquartered in McLean, Virginia and founded in 2009, OBXtek is a fast-growing leader in the government contracting field. Our mission is Our People…Our Reputation. Our people are trained professionals who enhance our customers’ knowledge and innovation using technology, collaboration, and education.We offer a robust suite of benefits including comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, matching 401K, paid time off, tuition reimbursement plans and much more.As a prime contractor for 93% of our current work, OBXtek pairs lessons learned across disciplines with industry standard quality practices such as CMMI-Dev Level III, ITIL, 6Sigma, PMI, and ISO. Our rapid growth has been recognized by INC500, the Washington Business Journal, and Washington Technology magazine.*OBXtek is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation or any other classification protected by federal, state or local law.*Location: 7943-59 Cluny Court, Springfield, VA 22153Job Type: Full-time	476	Washington
Program Assistant III	GAP Solutions, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22204 (Douglas Park area)	None	The Program Assistant will contribute to Crisis Management Training’s (CMT) responsibility to analyze, design, develop, implement, and evaluate the crisis management training program which includes domestic courses, both distance learning and in-person, and travel overseas to implement the training program at U.S. Missions. Provide a wide range of administrative support. Use greater judgment and initiative to determine the approach or action to take in non-routine situations, interprets and adapts guidelines, including unwritten policies, precedents, and practices, which are not always completely applicable to changing situations.Duties and Responsibilities:Under the direction of the COR, provide daily administrative support on LMS/CMT projects, including compiling data, formatting documents, maintaining filing systems, and taking notes at meetings and finalizing them for submission to the LMS/CMT Director.Complete data entry for OIG, GAO, and other official reports.Update LMS/CMT core handouts and reports as needed.Complete administrative requests and processing with FSI/EX/ AV regarding video captioning and the filing of video/audio files within the shared drive or other file-sharing system.Provide administrative support as needed for the 100+ overseas classes where LMS/CMT Trainers serve as instructors.Perform general editing, formatting, and maintenance of handouts, PowerPoints, spreadsheets, and other materials for these classes.Track and upload Post Lessons Learned responses to LMS/CMT's Trip Reports database.Update LMS/CMT's Trip Reports database information from Registrar attendance reports.Prepare materials to send to Post as· needed for training, such as DVDs, crisis action cards, and other resources.Provide administrative support as needed for the 60+ domestic classes where LMS/CMT Trainers serve as the instructors/SMEs in other FSI classes.Perform general editing, formatting, and maintenance of handouts, PowerPoints, spreadsheets, and other materials for these classes.Provide administrative support as needed for FSI courses where LMS/CMT coordinates State Department participation, including PD535 (Advanced Crisis Management Military Exercise).Track and maintain list of applicants/applications for PD535.Manage enrollment reports for PD535 (Advanced Crisis Management Military Exercise) participants.Manage distribution of Letters of Appreciation (LOAs) for PD535 participants.Review class rosters and quarterly Registrar reports for accuracy and provide corrections to the FSI Registrar.Manages formatting and distribution of letters/emails of appreciation for all LMS/CMT courses.Track daily response rates in SurveyMonkey. Send survey reminder emails to students.Generate evaluation data documentation and provide it to Director, Course Chairs, and LMS/CMT trainer for the timely completion of course evaluation reports according to the LMS Evaluation SOP.Check LMS/CMT web content and hyperlinks on a quarterly basis, coordinating with CEI to make simple updates and fixing broken links or outdated handouts.Help research and consolidate content for LMS/CMT website, SharePoint, biogs, and other related outgoing messaging and online presence.Conduct basic research and maintain files to assist LMS/CMT staff, including helping document timelines of crisis events based on cables and open-source materials to serve as guide and tools for courses and scenario-development and pulling relevant cables to help support Trainer visits.Administratively process visa/passport documentation and memos, as well as track submissions to the Special Issuance Agency (SIA) in support of Trainer travel to deliver overseas courses.Arrange visitors' access and assist with escorting visitors on campus.Initiate requests for OpenNet access and ID badges.Assist with the badging and on-boarding of interns.Write SOPs for LMS/CMT administrative tasks and help maintains SOP library.Attend LMS/CMT, FSI and Department meetings and activities which are directly related to supporting CMT, a benefit for the government and approved by COR, to include notetaking and preparation of summaries of discussions.Perform general editing and formatting of slides and correspondence.Assist in control of physical inventory items (books, articles, other supplies) in support of LMS/CMT courses.Assist in ordering course supplies from FSI catalog.Reserve rooms and equipment for official use. Resolves conflicts with room reservations on a peer-to-peer level; elevates as appropriate.Assist in re-ordering event supplies.Can serve as Timekeeper for LMS government staff.Basic Qualifications:High School Diploma.Secret Clearance.Minimum Qualifications:3 years of experience in related field, preferred.Bachelor’s Degree, preferred.Must be tactful, discrete, and articulate.Superior organizational, oral, written, communication skills.Requires a strong customer service orientation, good judgment, discretion, and flexibility.Must possess sound judgment and acquire a clear understanding of the organization’s mission and its programs.Projects/assignments may require basic research and editing of briefing materials (i.e. charts, graphics, or other presentation materials).Ability to prioritize his/her level of effort according to the degree of importance, urgency of tasks, and the specific issues.Ability to determine which LMS senior staff member should be included on what issues and when to engage those managers.Ability to multi-task and meet stringent deadlines.Proficient user of Microsoft Excel, SharePoint, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook as well as the ability to manipulate information in existing databases using software such as Access.To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.GAP Solutions provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job us at recruiting@gapsi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.Job Type: Full-time	476	Washington
IT Infrastructure Project Manager	Precision Solutions	Reston, VA	None	"Overview:

IT Infrastructure Project Manager
TS/SCI with CI Polygraph
Reston, VA
The IT Infrastructure Project Manager (ITI-PM) will provide our client with program and project management advisory and assistance in support of their DOMEX Information Technology Infrastructure sustainment and modernization. The ITI-PM will leverage their technical and functional expertise and experience to help ensure the rapid and timely delivery of new capabilities and systems (including the decommissioning of old capabilities and systems). May be required to identify and evaluate new technologies/tools utilized within DoD or the IC, assist the government with developing and maintaining quality assurance procedures. Working closely with our client, their Division leadership, key stakeholders, product owners, and community partners, the ITI-PM shall (i) coordinate needs-identification and requirements gathering efforts, (ii) Effectively monitor and document workflow and adjustment when required, (iii) plan, coordinate and conduct project activities in accordance with the approved WBS & schedule, (iv) manage project activities and schedules and coordinate any changes for client approval.
QUALIFICATIONS:
EXPERIENCE & SKILLS:
Minimum years of experience must include (yes, they can overlap):
Six (6) years IT project management (must include managing a team or teams).
Five (5) Project Management experience applying PMI core principles.
Three (3) years hand-on experience in applying Lean-Agile principles.
Three (3) years hand-on experience in applying Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Project Management principles.
Three (3) years hand-on experience applying Lean-IT principles.
Must have:
The ability to efficiently oversee multiple projects across several phases of development.
The ability to work as part of an interdisciplinary team to achieve project milestones.
Ability to support implementation and maintain industry best practices.
Ability to effectively communicate leveraging technical and business acumen to communicate effectively with executive leadership, all stakeholders, and their team.
Successful experience with: Schedule Management; Integration Management; Quality Management; Communication Management; Risk Management; Procurement Management; Stakeholder Management and effective Total Cost of Ownership Management.
EDUCATION:
Bachelors, - OR – Associates PLUS an additional two (2) years IT project management - OR – HS/GED PLUS an additional four (4) years IT project management.
CERTIFICATION:
Project Management Institute (PMI) Project Management Professional (PMP) certification."	476	Washington
Management Analyst III (SUB-I)	Sentek Global	Washington, DC	None	The Team::At Sentek Global, we are always looking for highly motivated professionals, bold innovators and top industry talent. Headquartered in beautiful San Diego with worldwide capabilities and opportunities, Sentek Global is on the cutting edge in Department of Defense and commercial consulting. We’re shifting the paradigm in cybersecurity solutions, IT support, software development, engineering and sales. Not only are we looking for top talent, we’re looking for passionate contributors who will be inspired by a culture where innovation thrives.If you are interested in joining a team of collaborators, leaders, visionaries and problem-solvers, contact us today at talent@sentekglobal.com.The Role::Reporting to the MITS Account Manager, the* Management Analyst III (SUB-I)* will support NAVSEA, Team Submarine, and Team Sub International Programs (SUB-I). This position is located at the Washington Navy Yard (WNY) in Washington, DC. Our team provides Program Management, Financial Management, Engineering, Logistics, and Foreign Military Sales (FMS) professional support services to the Team Submarine organization.What You'll Do::Provide support to NAVSEA, Team Submarine, and Team Sub International Programs (SUB-I).Provide overall Program Management of various Team Submarine Acquisition and Sustainment programs.Support acquisition documentation and financial management tracking of program documents.Provide Program Management, Stakeholder Communications, Schedule Coordination, and other organizing functions as required.FMS Case Manager for SUB-I. Coordinates all FMS cases within SUB-I.Bid and Proposal support if requested.Other duties as assigned.What We're Looking For::Required Qualifications: An active secret clearance is required to be considered for this position.A bachelor's degree in a business or technical field is required.Ten (10) or more years experience in engineering/science management, operations research analysis, financial/cost analysis, or a relevant field is required.Possesses analytical and problem-solving skills for both technical and business-related matters.Experience with DoD / Navy program management, Government technical management, or Industry business management.Knowledge of NAVSEA / Navy organization, stakeholders, and policies.Exhibit effective listening skills and communication skills.Foster cooperation among individuals.Establish and model high standards of performance.Exceptional organization skills with high attention to detail.Advanced time management and analytical skills.Exceptional customer service experience.Excellent written and oral communication.Strong organizational skills.Advanced Microsoft Office Skills, with an ability to become familiar with firm-specific programs and software.Desired Qualifications: Ten (10) or more years of experience with Navy acquisition and/or In-Service Programs is desired.Five (5) or more years of experience working with International/Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Programs, Foreign Disclosure, and Export Control.Experience leading a project and interfacing with an end item customer.Sentek Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.Job Type: Full-time	476	Washington
Service Operations Manager	General Dynamics Information Technology	Newington, VA	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
The Information Technology Service Operations Manager duties include:
Responsible for the development implementation and continual improvement of service management processes such as Incident, Problem, and Event Management.
Responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Service Desk and the Network Control Center that provides customer support 24x7x365 for the organization command and control
Establish standards of performance, training and development programs, continuous improvement, and other practices that assure a strong and efficient IT service capability with user experience focus.
Identify trends, anticipate problems, perform root cause analyses, and work across IT to implement preventative measures to ensure a best in class level of support and service through the use of metrics.
Be proactive to follow up with the customers to ensure that Service Level Agreements are reached and maintained to meet the business needs.
Responsible for effective external communications with the customers and internal communications with the Senior Managers to establish processes and service level objectives that assure system issues are resolved and users concerns addressed consistent with defined service level expectations.
Must possess a strong leadership background to provide guidance and directions as it relates to Customer Satisfaction.
Must demonstrate the ability to serve as the Program/Deputy Program Manager in their absence to continually support the business.
Provide updates to the Program Manager and the Deputy Program Manager on any issues that could significantly impact the business.
Must demonstrate the ability to work closely with other Senior Managers to ensure the timely delivery of consistent and predictable services to internal customers
Demonstrate the ability to handle pressure situations with clarity, focus and professionalism at all times.
Must be motivated to respond quickly to emergency and business impacting situations. Need to be adaptable to rapid changes.
Must demonstrate excellent written and oral communication skills including the ability to clearly articulate to ideas and messages during daily updates to the customers on all aspect of current operations.
EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
5+ years of related information systems experience, including management experience.
Must have at least 4 years of experience as an Operations Manager managing a team.
Experience in analyzing incident, problem and change records to determine any trends or apparent problems that have occurred and to take any opportunities to improve service quality.
Experience in monitoring, managing, and improving the efficiency of support services coordinating the activities within a corporate staff: HR, security, finance, accounting, contracts, procurement, operations, and compliance.
Must have leadership and management skills and potential
CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS
IAT Level III Certification required
ITIL v3 Certification required
EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS
Bachelors Degree in a related business or technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical training, or work/military experience.
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	476	Washington
System Engineer 5 (Tier III Expeditionary IT)	INNOPLEX	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Love where you work! This contract is comprised of a large agency wide contract supporting Enterprise Systems Engineering and Architecture across some intelligence organizations. This amazing program contains a variety of primarily senior System Engineering type roles to include all the major mission areas across capabilities and operations. The engineers and program support personnel on this contract provide needed support across the full lifecycle of systems engineering. Projects include, but are not limited to requirements analysis, dataflow, architecture, IT Engineering, SIGINT, Cyber Network Operations, and security domains.

Job Description:
Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.

Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable.

Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:
Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology.
Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services.
Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support.
Security + Certification required
Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission.
Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks.
Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel.
Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones.
Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation.
Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Must be able to work a flexible schedule.
Current, Active Clearance with Polygraph


INNOPLEX, LLC is a family-focused company that has won numerous awards for Top Ranked Benefits, Best Places to Work, and Best Government Contractor in Howard County! Established in 2005, we have over 90 employees with the majority having a rich military service history. Our employees are mostly located in the surrounding areas of Columbia, MD and Aberdeen, MD. INNOPLEX, LLC is a mission-focused company with a wide range of expertise to include RF SIGINT Solutions, Wireless Protocol Processing, Cyber, and Mission Critical IT Operations."	476	Washington
Cybersecurity Program Manager, Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Do you love leading a project as it develops from concept to completion? Do you have the attention to detail needed to catch issues and course correct? With deliverables on the horizon and a budget to keep in check, project teams need leadership with vision and focus. That’s why we need you, a Cyber Program Manager with the skills and experience to lead our cybersecurity project from beginning to end – on-time and in budget.
As a cybersecurity program manager on our team, you’ll work with cybersecurity and internal professionals to plan, monitor, and report on our work. You will manage a large cybersecurity program in a fast-paced and dynamic client site environment and take charge of cyber tasks in government facilities, including full life cycle Risk Management Framework (RMF), vulnerability management, inspections, governance, and training for a large DoD client. On a daily basis, you will apply program management techniques to ensure the on-time, high-quality delivery of cyber products and ensure their compliance with all contract requirements. You will also work with the client to shape activities under contract in concert with the statement of work, organizational strategic plans, and its associated goals and objectives. You will coach, mentor, and lead staff with diverse skillsets and backgrounds, and grow future leaders. You will also analyze the budget and facilitate contracting actions and work closely with the client to ensure projects meet delivery, quality, and schedule goals supporting organization-wide technical programs and strategic initiatives. Your team will look to you for day to day leadership as they navigate requirements, budget constraints, and staffing challenges. Senior leaders will rely on you for the pulse of the project through regular status briefs, and you will brief leaders in both the Firm and DoD.
Empower change with us.
You Have:10+ years of experience with DoD program management for cyber programs across the acquisition life cycle, including cost, schedule, and performance in the DoD or Intelligence CommunityExperience with managing multiple projects, including adjusting to shifting priorities and solving problems quicklyExperience with managing project teams, including direct responsibility for people developmentExperience with leading transformation initiatives in large organizationsExperience with using Microsoft ProjectAbility to multi-task in a fast-paced environmentTop Secret clearanceBA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:Experience with leading business development activities, including writing proposalsPossession of excellent verbal and written communication skillsTS/SCI clearanceBA or BS degree in Cybersecurity, IT, or a related fieldProject Management Professional (PMP) or another Project Management CertificationITIL Foundations CertificationDoD IAM Level III Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	476	Washington
Testing Engineer	Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC)	Washington, DC	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 20 years. We are currently looking for a Testing Manager join our team.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Improve the overall software quality of Point of Sale (POS) and payments applications in use at CBP’s by implementing processes and technology that create a balance of high-quality testing and expedience. The implementation of automation and technology will be a core responsibility of this resource. Liaise among stakeholders and IT personnel in order to elicit, analyze, communicate and validate requirements so as to provide effective and resourceful business and technology solutions.

Key role in defining and implementing Testing and Quality Assurance (QA) processes and technology with a focus on automation. Ability to define, manage, and monitor Testing/QA processes while continually improving the overall software quality and turnaround time for changes. The implementation of Testing/QA for POS and Payment Processing applications requires a blend of core Testing/QA skills with an eye for customer experience effectiveness. Partner with the required Information Technology personnel for the development and maintenance of business-critical solutions within the assigned/aligned business units.


Lead and manage day-to-day Testing / QA activities for the Testing / QA team
Assist with the analysis, revision and quality enhancement of existing business processes
Partner with business to create new quality assurance business processes
Work closely with Business Analysts, Project Managers, Developers, and System Manager to achieve on-time delivery of IT projects, ensuring that each exceeds all quality standards
Establish Testing /QA objectives and define appropriate metrics to measure success
Define and implement quality standards, processes, and procedures
Develop test plans, scenarios, and scripts for the testing new and existing applications
Implement automated Testing / QA tools and technologies to increase the effectiveness of the QA process
Work with software team and vendor to insert Testing / QA milestones throughout the development lifecycle, including quality acceptance, stress, load, regression and/or integration testing
Facilitate / coordinate end-user / UAT testing
Define a process to track, resolve, and report software-related issues / defects and generate and publish metrics and key performance indicators for the IT team and business partners
Test applications against requirements, designs, and / or another applicable project documentation
Test deployment procedures against user and system documentation
Ensure quality control by conducting walkthroughs, reviewing checklists, auditing deliverables and evaluating project milestones against established objectives
Lead the development of requirements for analyzing & selecting Testing / QA tools, including manual and automated solutions
Ability and desire to mentor and share Testing / QA knowledge with IT team members and across the company


Work Experience:

10+ years IT / QA-related experience, at least 5 years managing and leading Testing / QA resources in a client facing environment in a FEDERAL DEPARTMENT/AGENCY
Experience in Software Release Management
Experience in multiple SDLC methodologies, including WaterFall, Iterative, and Agile
Knowledge of databases, system integration skills, C#/VB.Net MS SQL Server development experience in both Windows and Web environments, , and data reporting structures.
Experience in the following areas of focus: Mperium POS suite of products, Xpient, ERP packages (SAP, Oracle), mobile applications, and BI tools.
Working knowledge of testing toolsets and other automation applications (Quick Test Pro, Test Partner, Test Complete, SilkTest, Mercury TestDirector, Worksoft, etc.)
Prior experience with key development toolsets (e.g. Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server (TFS), and databases (MS SQL Server, Pervasive, Access).


Job Skills:

Hard Skills: Requirements include knowledge of databases, system integration skills, C#/VB.Net MS SQL Server development experience in both Windows and Web environments, SDLC, and data reporting structures. Experience in the following areas of focus a plus: ACI Postilion, AJB Software, Retalix POS suite of products, Xpient, ERP packages (SAP, Oracle), mobile applications, and BI tools.
Soft Skills: Excellent communication skills, analytical aptitude, business acumen, client focus, problem solving skills and technical initiative are required. A successful candidate should have excellent team-oriented interpersonal skills and work in a team environment. Competently understands customer requirements; easily troubleshoots and solves problems with minimal supervision and direction; capable of researching and making fact-based, data backed decisions; skilled at developing relationships outside of IT.


Education:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, management information systems or other related field or equivalent experience or certification.


Clearance Requirements: Active CBP Clearance


The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position. Cybermedia Technologies share a passion for delivering ethical service, innovation, and a commitment to results. Cybermedia Technologies is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying its workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).

Please note: Candidate(s) may be required to go through pre-employment screening."	476	Washington
Senior Adviser, Financial Stability and Climate Change - Division of Financial Stability	Federal Reserve Board of Governors	Washington, DC (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"I. JOB SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Chairs the Financial Stability Climate Committee (FSCC) which is the staff committee charged with developing and implementing a program to incorporate climate-related risks into the Board’s financial stability framework.
2) Leads the integration of climate-related risks into the Board’s financial stability framework. The result of this multi-year effort will be a coherent program that identifies the most relevant climate-related risks and the mechanisms by which these risks are most likely to erode the resilience of the financial system. In addition, it will permit ongoing assessments of the magnitudes of these potential effects as well as evaluation of policy options to increase the resilience of the financial system to these potential effects.
3) Manages the ongoing implementation of the resulting program. The program and its implementation will include, but not necessarily be limited to: the effects of climate-related risks on relevant financial institutions and markets; the extent to which climate-related risks are increasing key financial vulnerabilities, such as asset valuations, leverage, and funding risks; evaluation of relevant policy options; and assisting the Board of Governors in its domestic and international engagement on climate related financial stability risks.
4) Represents the Board domestically and internationally at forums where climate related financial stability policy is developed. Such forums include the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the Financial Stability Board, and the Network for the Greening of the Financial System.
5) Manages staff in a small support team for the FSCC. Staff members would include the Secretariat within the Division of Financial Stability and any future hires working in the support of the FSCC’s goals.
6) Informs governors, as needed, on emerging issues related to climate risk and financial stability.
7) Prepares governors for testimony, speeches, or other public engagements.
II. DIVISION SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS:
Reporting to the deputy director, serves as a senior leader in the Division of Financial Stability to be a thought leader in the Division’s work at the intersection of financial stability and climate change. The position is a leadership role in the division’s efforts to organize and lead a broad-based program to incorporate climate-related risks into our financial stability efforts.
Position requires location in Washington, DC office once remote work period is complete.

Position Requirements
III. KNOWLEDGE/SKILL/EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:
1) PhD in economics, finance, or a related field is preferred; however, a PhD in one of the physical sciences with a focus on climate will be considered.
2) A minimum of 5 years of relevant post-doctoral experience is required.
3) Demonstrated interest or knowledge in the field of climate economics is required. Such interest or knowledge can be demonstrated, for example, through several years of work experience in the field of climate or environment economics. Knowledge of financial markets, institutions, and regulation is also required. Such knowledge can be demonstrated through publications in high quality academic journals, publication of working papers, and presentations at high-quality conferences and workshops.
4) Experience working in interagency/intergovernmental work is desirable.
5) Experience working with policymakers or in a policymaking institution is desirable.
6) Requires the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with the public as well as with all levels of staff and management
7) Strategic thinker with demonstrated strong project execution and project management capabilities, analytical skills, political savvy, and conflict mediation skills.
8) Demonstrated experience and commitment to fostering collaboration and employee engagement.
9) Ability to lead and manage staff and projects effectively, set priorities, assess performance, guide staff development, and make budgetary recommendations.
10) Ability to balance competing interests among a variety of clients and readily readjust priorities to respond to pressing and changing client demands. Must be able to anticipate and meet the clients’ needs while maintaining high-quality end products.
11) Exceptional organizational savvy and agility as demonstrated by ability to manage across organizational boundaries, building high performing teams, diminishing organizational silos, strengthening teams, and facilitating effective group and team dynamics.
IV. OFFICER SPECIFIC POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Acts as responsible steward to the function(s), Division, and Board by demonstrating proficiency in the Board’s espoused competencies.
2) Balances and mitigates key organizational and functional risks where appropriate and develops and executes sustainable risk mitigation strategies.
3) Fosters a continuous learning culture.
4) Exercises appropriate judgement and decision-making in complex situations.
5) Demonstrates innovation and thought leadership relevant to future-state organizational and functional people strategies.
6) Demonstrates strong leadership and management skills aligned to the Board’s espoused values.
7) Keeps skills and knowledge current and aligned to best practices relative to key rules, regulations, and policies, as well as economic, political, and social trends that affect the organization. Understands near-term and long-term needs for the organization and determines how operations should be positioned to meet such needs.
8) Demonstrates proficiency in political savvy, organizational savvy, and interpersonal communication skills.
V. BOARD COMPETENCIES:
1) Decision Quality: Makes timely, thoughtful, strategic decisions
2) Learning Agility: Takes responsibility for building organizational agility
3) Drive for Excellence: Delivers results by developing shared vision and direction for the organization
4) Perspective and Strategic Agility: Leads and acts with the future in mind
5) Collaborative Relationships: Sets the tone for collaborative organization
6) Effective Communication: Effectively speaks and acts on behalf of the Board
VI. PERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS:
1) Has frequent contact with members of the Board, both in discussions and through memoranda, regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
2) Has frequent contact with senior staff and other professionals in the division, elsewhere at the Board, and the Reserve Banks regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
3) Has regular contact with all staff in the function(s) to stay connected to the pulse of the division, provide leadership, and act as a role model.
4) Has frequent contact with individuals from other federal agencies, international organizations, and in the private sector regarding the subject matters in area(s) of responsibilities.
VII. INTERNAL MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Provides guidance, coaching, and feedback to, and conducts performance reviews for managers and other direct reports, and ensures same is provided to all function staff.
2) Responsible for accomplishing approved program objectives for area(s) of responsibility within the financial and personnel resources allocated by the Board and the division's senior management.
3) Participates in the development of the division’s strategic plan, goals, and budget. Recommends program objectives and their priorities for area(s) of responsibility.
4) Recommends personnel actions involving promotions, reclassifications, merit increases, and reassignments or separations in area(s) of responsibility.
VIII. POSITION DEMANDS:
1) Ability to exercise independent and sound judgment in establishing objectives for assigned area(s) of responsibility that provide support and services for the division’s and Board’s missions.
2) Ability to translate customer service and organizational development theories and best practices into effective strategies for adoption in area(s) of responsibility to achieve and maintain high levels of customer service.
3) Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to the Board and individual members thereof, senior Board staff, other Board and Reserve Bank staff: and staff at other government agencies and in the private sector on complex and technical matters.
4) Ability to be an effective spokesperson and advocate for the Board and the division in outside contacts, which may involve significant business dealings.
5) Ability to operate under pressure to meet deadlines accurately and in a timely manner.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or application, membership, or service in the uniformed services."	476	Washington
Information Operations Team Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Critical decisions are made every single day in the military. What if you could use your analytical skills to help them make informed decisions? With all the information available today, it takes a skilled analyst to know how to find and interpret the best data to give their clients the right answers. As an Information Operations (IO) Team Lead, you use your specialized functional, technical, and military experience and your attention to detail to manage and support the Red Team, Mission Assurance, and Cyber-Support Detachments to give your client the actionable intelligence and context they need. If you have strong analytical skills and a problem-solving mindset, we have an opportunity to use those skills to support our warfighters and protect our national security.
As an IO on our team, you’ll help your client understand their operational landscape and mission environment. You’ll validate information and develop tradecraft as you build assessments for the Army. As the authority on your team, your client will look to you for time critical recommendations, often under pressure. This is a chance to grow your expertise and broaden your skillset into areas like Data Science and Cyber. You’ll share your expertise with other analysts through leadership and mentoring. We focus on growing as a team to deliver the best support to our customers, so you’ll have resources to learn new skills and tools. Join us as we provide the right information at the right time to support the critical needs of our warfighters.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
12+ years of experience with supporting the red team capability in executing effects-based cyberspace operations ISO Army and Joint exercises, conducting operational vulnerability assessments, and establishing and maintaining PCO ISO persistent penetration testing (PPT) cyber-campaigns
12+ years of experience with supporting the mission assurance capability in conducting cyber-to-physical control systems assessments, integrating mission assurance capabilities ISO operational technologies and infrastructure assessments, assisting with certifying Army PENTESTING programs, providing doctrine and policy development, and supporting protection assessments
12+ years of experience in supporting the cyber-support detachment with developing and maintaining remote operation capabilities, building and maintaining attack platforms, and tool and exploit development
TS/SCI clearance
MA or MS degree
DoD 8570 Information Assurance Technician (IAT) Level III Certification or Information Manager (IAM) Level III Certification
Nice If You Have:
12+ years of experience with integrating and synchronizing IO
Experience as an IO Planner, Field Support Team, or Cyber Support Detachment team member
Experience with recognizing and analyzing information that affects military operations, national policies, and objectives
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills
MA or MS degree in Business Management or a technical field
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and intelligence. When you join Booz Allen, we’ll help you develop the career you want.
Challenging projects – Whether training analysts on military equipment through VR technology; developing a simulation capability to allow teams to rehearse missions together; or integrating RFID tags into mobile devices to enable data access within a geo parameter, you’ll get to solve some of the world’s toughest problems
Meaningful work – Use your skills to empower change. Your work will keep citizens and warfighters safe and well both at home and abroad
State-of-the-art technology – Broaden your intelligence capabilities with digital forensics, telematics, precision navigation, secure mobile operations, and advanced analytics
New skills – In-house experts and partnerships with tech leaders, like Nvidia and Splunk, mean you can get practical experience with advanced GPU technologies, cybersecurity, and data science
Room to grow – You’ll be inspired to grow your career while making your ideas a reality thanks to new opportunities across the US and abroad, encouraging mentors, and collaborative colleagues
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1"	476	Washington
Analyst III, Quality Control	Emergent Biosolutions	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"Those who join Emergent BioSolutions feel a sense of ownership about their future. You will excel in an environment characterized by respect, innovation and growth opportunities. Here, you will join passionate professionals who advance their scientific, technical and professional skills to develop products designed-to protect life.
I. JOB SUMMARY
The QC Analyst III, position supports the Quality Control group at Emergent BioSolutions Rockville Campus. The role requires knowledge and understanding of scientific concepts, practices and procedures within the biopharmaceutical field and a cGMP environment. The role is responsible for daily routine testing and laboratory maintenance tasks such as Environmental Monitoring of the GMP area, and sampling and testing of water, compressed air, nitrogen and bioburden testing samples. T Individuals should be able to work independently and participate in cross functional teams for Operation Excellence, Root Cause analysis, and risk assessments. In this role, Individuals will use soft skills, to work on QC schedules and to work with internal customers (EHS, Manufacturing and QA). People leader skills will be cultivated in this role.
II. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Assist the Manager, QC Micro / Analytical with feasibility assessment of client projects
Perform microbiological / analytical work per method transfer/ validation programs.
Perform environmental monitoring and utility testing of the facility.
Performs environmental monitoring during fill operations (as necessary)
Write method validation / transfer protocols and reports as necessary.
Perform various microbiological / analytical testing procedures per Quality Control batch records and stability protocols.
Inform supervisor/manager upon observing OOS, OOL, or generation of deviations.
Participate in investigations of OOS results and other related studies.Assist with complex investigations by obtaining root cause and implementing changes.
Participate in calibration, troubleshooting various types of equipment including proactive resolution of instrument issues.
Write, review, and revise SOP’s and Testing Standards as necessary.
Train additional employees in methods, transfers and techniques
Review, analyze, interpret and report data.
Practice Good Documentation and Laboratory Safety Procedures per the Standard Operating Procedures.
Resource for technical knowledge of current assays
Uses analytical and statistical concepts to understand variable sin assays
Assess the compliance status of current test methods and equipment
Applies analytical knowledge to support change and risk management
Review record keeping and documentation of laboratory equipment maintenance.
Work with Project Managers and QA to ensure timely review and approval of protocols /reports.
Support department compliance and productivity goals.
Participate in meetings as required.
Track time worked per project.
Interview and recommend the employment of technical and professional supporting staff.
Identify and implement continuous improvement opportunities to reduce non-value added work or complexity.
May require work on weekends and nights, travel, or work with 3rd party vendors.
Detailed oriented – Able to complete required tasks and associated documentation with minimal error.
Adaptability – Maintain positive attitude in a changing work environment.
Communication – Effectively communicates with all levels of manufacturing and support staff.
Actively participate in department level meetings.
Escalates issues through the proper channels.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work performed by those in this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all duties, and other duties may be assigned.

III. MINIMUM EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, SKILLS
Education: BS in Microbiology/Biology or related field
Experience: 3-5 years (MS with 3+ years) in the Pharmaceutical or Biotechnology with emphasis in aseptic processing, QC microbiology, environmental monitoring, water system, quality control, validation and manufacturing processes. Track record of achievement and sustained performance in a cGMP/GLP environment. Strong technical and communication skills: oral/written and listening. Personal Competencies: Self – awareness, Integrity, Team Player, Creative and Flexible
Skills: Knowledge of MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint.

Other Requirements:
R equires vaccination against different viruses including Vaccinia virus.

There are physical/mental demands and work environment characteristics that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. This information is available upon request from the candidate.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform all essential functions.

Emergent BioSolutions is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and values the diversity of our workforce. Emergent does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), gender identity or gender expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military service or veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state or local law.

Information submitted will be used by Emergent BioSolutions for activities related to your prospective employment. Emergent BioSolutions respects your privacy and any use of the information submitted will be subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy .

Emergent BioSolutions does not accept non-solicited resumes or candidate submittals from search/recruiting agencies not already on Emergent BioSolutions’ approved agency list. Unsolicited resumes or candidate information submitted to Emergent BioSolutions by search/recruiting agencies not already on Emergent BioSolutions’ approved agency list shall become the property of Emergent BioSolutions and if the candidate is subsequently hired by Emergent BioSolutions, Emergent BioSolutions shall not owe any fee to the submitting agency."	476	Washington
Physician Insurance Analyst 4	Inova Health System	Fairfax, VA 22033	None	"Job Description
Able to perform the duties for a Physician Insurance Analyst I, II and III and capable of providing training to new staff or deploying insurance updates to existing staff. Responsible for the timely and accurate editing, submission, and/or follow-up of assigned claims, while meeting the expected Productivity and Quality Standards on a weekly basis. Able to process claims for all payer types (Commercial, Managed Care, Blue Cross, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.) and process all types of EPIC charge review and claim edits. Assure all assigned claims meet clearinghouse and/or payer processing criteria. Process all types of EPIC charge review and claim edits. Complete all assigned EPIC billing/claim edits and insure all required reports are filed timely and accurately. Able to identify trends and analyze data. Able to perform the duties for a physician insurance analyst I, II or III and is responsible for the timely and accurate editing, submission, and/or follow-up of assigned accounts. Assure appropriate and timely documentation of all account activity. Assure appropriate and timely documentation of all Physician Insurance Analyst I, II, III account activity and provide feedback when necessary. Ensure correspondence is handled appropriately. All required reports are filed timely and accurately. Identify and report trends, assist in the development and deployment of training relative to trends in conjunction with Team Lead, Supervisor, Manager or Director. Other duties as assigned by Department Manager, Director or Senior Director. Payer response reports and rejection reports are worked timely and meet Departmental Productivity and Quality Review Standards. Effectively interpret CPT, ICD-10 and APC reimbursements to insure a strong receivable performance. Provide support, education, and guidance to Team. Perform duties, as assigned, in the absence of the Supervisor or Manager. Identify opportunities for process improvements utilizing LEAN methodology and techniques.

Job Responsibilities
Document and report claims submission issues immediately and provide feedback to Management.
Provide resolution for pended claims within allowable time frames (as defined for appropriate deficiency).
Able to resolve complex issues either through individual actions or by coordinating information/action of other team members, other Patient Accounts staff or the appropriate individuals in other departments or at the payer.
Seeks assistance from Management appropriately.
All clean claims should be submitted the day they are received and submitted via the appropriate medium (paper vs. electronic) and with all required attachments.
Claims are reviewed, corrections identified, and corrections made or resolution initiated within 24 hours of the date the claim was received.
Provide support to team members as needed.
Write-off requests are completed correctly and submitted daily for Supervisor review.
Handles most complex and/or highest dollar accounts and provides appropriate follow-up based on established protocol.
Productivity and quality expectations met weekly for assigned work lists and any supervisor assigned special tasks.
Provide support to team members as needed.
Able to process all EPIC charge review edits related to billing or front end registration errors.
Able to process all EPIC claims edits assigned to the billing office.
Able to process all aspects of global billing (i.e.transplant, administrative charity).
Research in claims submission system or EPIC for missing files or claims based on required reconciliation procedures for the department.
Able to perform the duties for a physician insurance analyst I, II or III and capable of providing training to new staff or deploying insurance updates to existing staff.
Responsible for the timely and accurate editing, submission, and/or follow-up of assigned claims, while meeting the expected productivity and quality standards on a weekly basis.
Complete all assigned EPIC billing/claim edits and insure all required reports are filed timely and accurately.
Able to process Appeals (level 1 and 2) and check claim status via phone/payer website.
Able to identify trends and analyze data.
Document and report claims submission issues immediately and provide feedback to Management.
Provide resolution for pended claims within allowable time frames (as defined for appropriate deficiency).
Able to resolve complex issues either through individual actions or by coordinating information/action of other team members, other Patient Accounts staff or the appropriate individuals in other departments or at the payer.
Seeks assistance from Management appropriately.
Able to process claims for all payer types (Commercial, Managed Care, Blue Cross, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.) and process all types of EPIC charge review and claim edits.
Document activity in EPIC. Assure documentation is professional, appropriate and accurately depicts actions performed and is in accordance with Departmental Quality Review Standards. Assure appropriate and timely documentation of all account activity.
Correspondence is handled appropriately.
All required reports are filed timely and accurately.All daily, weekly, monthly reports are completed and submitted timely and reports are completed with minimal errors.
Document activity in EPIC.
Complete all assigned EPIC billing/claim edits and insure all required reports are filed timely and accurately.
All daily, weekly, monthly reports are completed and submitted timely and reports are completed with minimal errors.
Assure documentation is professional, appropriate and accurately depicts actions performed and is in accordance with Departmental Quality Review Standards.
Identify opportunities for revenue cycle performance improvements and report to management team as it relates to assigned duties.
Identify and report trends, assist in the development and deployment of training relative to trends in conjunction with Team Lead, Supervisor, Manager or Director.
Other duties as assigned by Department Manager, Director or Senior Director.Identify the need for and provide support and guidance to other Team members to assure all Team members are efficient and productive.
Perform other duties, as assigned, by the Supervisor or Manager. Serve in the place of the Team Supervisor or Manager in their absence.
Able to identify and report opportunities for revenue cycle performance improvement based on regulatory, payer, physician, departmental and/or multiple specialty service line analysis; including Neurology, Cardiology, Oncology, Behavioral Health, Pediatrics, Neurosurgery, Orthopedics, Breast Surgery and General Surgery and utilize lean methodology to improve processes.
Payer response reports and rejection reports are worked timely and meet Departmental Productivity and Quality Review Standards.
Effectively interpret CPT, ICD-10 and APC reimbursements to insure a strong receivable performance.
Ability to interpret CPT, ICD-9/10 and APC reimbursement methodologies specific to professional HCFA 1500 claims, denied claims management, revenue and usage analyses, and other assigned projects.
Identify issues with payer rejections; provide feedback regarding rejections to Team Management.
Take direction from Supervisor or Manager to resolve issues.
Maintain knowledge of payer requirements, 1500 standards, and system (Hospital, clearinghouse, payer) functionality, and physician policy and procedure.
All issues are resolved or resolutions initiated within 24 hours.
Payer response/rejection reports are worked daily.
Other duties as assigned by Department Manager, Director or Senior Director Provide support, education, and guidance to Team. Perform duties, as assigned, in the absence of the Supervisor or Manager.
Identify opportunities for process improvements utilizing LEAN methodology and techniques.Identify the need for and provide support and guidance to other Team members to assure all Team members are efficient and productive.
Able to process Appeals (level 1 and 2) and check claim status via phone/payer website for all payer types (Commercial, Managed Care, Blue Cross, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.).


Additional Requirements

Working knowledge of Patient Accounting System(s)."	476	Washington
Quality Assurance Analyst III	Customer Value Partners, Inc	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

CVP is seeking a Senior Quality Assurance Analyst in support of our federal healthcare client who is an essential service provider to the “research enterprise” of the world’s foremost and largest cancer research entity. This is a mature organization that effectively and efficiently serves scientific computing and informatics support needs of NIH. Our team will consist of SME’s with deep expertise in health and biomedical IT and informatics services, as well as clinical and biomedical research experience.

Responsibilities:

Provides technical expertise and administrative guidance for personnel performing software quality assurance and compliance tasks, including reviewing work products for correctness, adherence to the QA methodology and processes and to user standards, program documentation to ensure adherence to Government standards/requirements, and for progress in accordance with schedules.
Manage the coordination with other the Project Manager and/or Quality Assurance Manager to ensure problem resolution and user satisfaction.
Lead efforts for the evaluation and testing of software and associated documentation.
Conduct software and applications testing, validates data, and documents and reports test results.
Lead and review recommended changes, corrections, retesting, and, when appropriate, promotion of developed products to operational status.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering or related field.
6+ years of specialized experience, to include all aspects of quality assurance and compliance of software applications, information models and data processing.
Expert Knowledge of automated testing tools and defect tracking application.
Must possess extensive knowledge and understanding of the software development life cycle and demonstrated ability to work well with business analysts, developers and end-users in a cross functional team.
Must meet all requirements for obtaining and maintaining a Public Trust Clearance.
Desired Skills
Possess knowledge, expertise, and experience in supporting biomedical and/or research information technology and informatics.
Knowledge and experience with NIH processes, procedures, technologies, and applications are a strength.
Possess leadership/managerial experience at the National Institute of Health.
About CVP
Customer Value Partners (CVP) is an award-winning business and next-gen technology consulting company that helps organizations navigate disruption and prepare for a culture of Continuous Change. We solve critical problems for healthcare, national security, and public sector clients through innovative strategies and solutions which leverage technologies and industry expertise in areas including Technology Modernization, Health, Data Science & Engineering, Business Transformation, and Cybersecurity. CVP delivers unparalleled excellence to clients and employees through our strong culture of integrity, engagement, respect, and a passion for our clients’ missions.
Customer Value Partners, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor and an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability. Customer Value Partners seeks to provide employment opportunities for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities."	476	Washington
CONTRACT SPECIALIST	US Naval Sea Systems Command	Washington Navy Yard, DC	$87,198 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as a CONTRACT SPECIALIST in the Contracts Directorate of NAVSEA HQ FIELD SUPPORT.
Responsibilities
You will serve as a recognized expert to develop and implement recommendations and solutions to contract problems, risks, and outcomes in the pre-award and post-award procedures.
You will plan and conduct the contracting process from the description of the requirements through contract delivery, requiring a knowledge of two or more contract functions.
You will plan, analyze, or evaluate procurement programs.
You will review proposed contractual actions for conformance with regulatory requirements and procurement practices.
You will develop policies and procedures or provide advice and guidance to subordinate activities concerning a variety of procurement issues.
You will use negotiation techniques to meet and reach agreement through discussion with a proposed contractor on the price and performance terms, and to set forth all these terms in a procurement document.
You will administer post award contracting procedures oversee or ensure compliance with the terms of contracts;
You will determine reasonableness of and negotiate claims, resolve disputes and other problems concerning obligations of either the Government or the contractor, and negotiate contract modifications.
You will apply post award procedures and negotiation techniques to represent the Government in terminations for convenience or default and in claims and settlements.
Complete cost and/or price analysis techniques to evaluate cost and/or price proposals, contract changes, repricing actions and final contract pricing.
You will obtain and review data from auditors and technical specialists; to recommend cost and profit negotiation objectives.
You will conduct or participate in negotiations on cost and/or price issues.
You will develop and advise on policies and procedures relating to these functions.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
3
Job family (Series)
1102 Contracting
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify/.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final SECRET security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field C- CONTRACTING Level III. If you are not certified you must achieve certification within 24 months of appointment.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
This position may be a designated Critical Acquisition Position (CAP). You must be a member of the Acquisition Corps, become a member, or obtain a waiver at the time of selection and sign a three-year tenure agreement prior to assuming the position.
Qualifications
In addition to the Basic Requirements for this position, your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the next lower pay band NH-02 (GS-11 equivalent) in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: ""Performing professional contracting price/cost analysis for pre-award and post-award functions."" Examples of qualifying experience may include: analyzing fund expenditures to measure the effectiveness, efficiency, or productivity of contracting or procurement efforts; analyzing price or cost data to administer or recommend the award of contracts; providing financial recommendations based on direct and indirect cost reports and data extracts; negotiating contract terms for procurement actions; conducting price or cost analysis of programs; and/or monitoring contractor performance for compliance with negotiated contract terms.

Applicant must meet the following Department of Defense qualification requirements for 1102 contracting positions: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/DoD_Qualification_Standard_For_GS-1102.pdf

And the title 10 requirements found here: http://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?req=granuleid:USC-prelim-title10-section1724&num=0&edition=prelim

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education
Applicants must meet the following Basic Education Requirements of the Department of Defense Qualification Standard for Contracting Positions:

A bachelor's degree from an accredited educational institution authorized to grant baccalaureate degrees

NOTE: The education requirements listed above apply only to individuals entering DoD 1102 positions on or after October 1, 2000. Current civilian personnel in DoD, who occupied GS-1102 positions or contracting positions with authority to award or administer contracts above the simplified acquisition threshold in an Executive Department on or before September 30, 2000, are exempt from meeting this requirement. Current military members who occupied a similar occupational specialty to the GS-1102 on or before September 30, 2000, and members of the Contingency Contracting Force are also exempt from meeting this requirement.

The FY 2020 National Defense Authorization Act amended law to eliminate the requirement at 10 U.S.C. 1724 for 24 semester credit hours of courses in business disciplines for categories of contracting personnel. Applicants claiming they meet the updated basic education requirement of a bachelor's degree but do not possess the 24 semester credit hours of courses in business disciplines should still select response option A under the basic education requirement question.
Additional information
This position is part of the Department of Defense Civilian Acquisition Workforce Personnel Demonstration Project. The NH-3 broadband level encompasses positions equivalent to GS-12 and GS-13.

This public notice announcement is for a standing register for anticipated vacancies, and may be used to fill similar vacancies for up to 350 days. Applicants may be referred for consideration as vacancies occur up to 120 days after the closing date of the announcement.

There may or may not be actual vacancies filled from this register. As such, Notices of Results (NORs) may or may not be sent to applicants who apply to this announcement.

Applicants rated ineligible on this vacancy announcement need to reapply and update their application package to be considered on future vacancies filled through this announcement.

Applicants selected and hired on this vacancy announcement need to reapply to be considered on future vacancies filled through this announcement.

Referral Lists will be issued on an as needed basis as vacancies occur.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the referral cut-off date.

This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized.

This position is eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: http://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ACCOUNTABILITY
ADVANCED COST AND/OR PRICE ANALYSIS
CONTRACT AWARD
PREPARATION AND NEGOTIATION

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified. Claims for approved ""grandfather"" clauses must be fully supported with documentation.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current and former permanent employees, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and VEOA eligible, current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)"	476	Washington
Program Manager	Millennium Engineering & Integration Company	Washington, DC 20374 (Navy Yard area)	None	"Position Summary:

Millennium Engineering and Integration Co. was founded upon the principle of providing products and services with unsurpassed quality to solve our customers’ toughest, most complex problems. Throughout our 20+ year history, we have provided our customers with innovative, efficient solutions via world class talent and innovative technologies. Our core values of leadership, integrity, customer loyalty, effective communications, insightful vision, sound decision-making, and continuous improvement guide our business and everything we do on a day-to-day basis. Our culture, anchored by these core principles and values, is enduring as we have grown in organizational size and technical capability. Central to our culture are the ideas of providing: a stimulating and rewarding environment; growth opportunities in terms of career advancement and education; financially sharing in the growth and success of the company; and open and honest leadership that fosters recognition of personal achievement and team accomplishments. Our employees with their innovative spirit and unwavering determination provide the fuel that propels us reach new heights and new markets. We look to continue to serve them in all their professional aspirations whether it be career advancement, research and development or furthering their formal education
Duties & Responsibilities:

Serves as the primary contractor point of contact with the Contracting Officer, Contracting Officer’s Representative, and government task managers. Coordinates all work within the core requirements and ordered by task orders, and is responsible for overall contractor performance. Duties involve the overall management, execution, and integration of multiple projects and groups of personnel and multiple locations. Establishes budgets, forecasts, manpower, equipment and supply needs for contract. Provides final approval of all major contract deliverables, organizing and staffing for contract execution; planning and tracking activities; planning and tracking budgets; development of program management-related deliverables; contract quality assurance; reviewing progress; identifying issues and taking corrective action; reporting status; attending senior level reviews; and communicating with the customer.
Skills:

Required:
Will be required to communicate with and brief the customer.
Program Management experience running a large support services contract with multiple subcontractors
Experience with cost, schedule and performance as it relates to program execution.
Program and Personnel ManagementFinancial ManagementRisk Management Policies and Assessment
Preferred:
Project Management Professional (PMP) or DAWIA III in Program Management.Certified SCRUM Master or Project Management Institute (PMI) Agile Certified Practitioner
Software Development management.
Familiarity with land based testing.
Conceptual knowledge of U.S. Navy Combat SystemsSystems Engineering process applied to software development.
Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Familiarity
Physical Requirements:

Sedentary position.
Millennium offers a comprehensive benefits package. Millennium is An Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Millennium does not discriminate on any basis prohibited by applicable law including race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, citizenship status, or Vietnam era or special disabled veteran's status in recruitment, employment, promotion, compensation, benefits, or training. It is also Millennium's policy to maintain a work environment free from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation.
Millennium participates in the E-Verify program."	476	Washington
Cyber Compliance Project Manager, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"Key Role:
Serve as a Task Lead responsible for the creation of a cybersecurity Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) program for a DoD organization. Design, develop, and implement the program to measure cyber GRC metrics, determine readiness for audits and inspections based on DoD policies and NIST standards, identify risks, and provide automated remediation plans. Work to improve communications and enhance the organization’s security posture through risk assessment preparation. Perform blind, non-punitive readiness assessments for organizational units to provide a preparatory remediation plan for upcoming inspections. Measure the effectiveness of GRC programs and provide leadership with an unfiltered view of the organization’s security posture measuring the balance between its objectives and risk profile. Recommend strategic enhancements and structural improvements for a large cybersecurity program.
Basic Qualifications:
10+ years of experience in a professional work environment
Experience with cybersecurity governance, risk, and compliance programs, including rapidly adjusting to evolving client requirements
Ability to use writing and presentation expertise to communicate with officials at the officer and SES-levels
Ability to communicate effectively and professionally in a fast-paced client-environment
Top Secret clearance
BA or BS degree in IT, Information Systems, or Cybersecurity
8140 or 8570 IAM III Certification
Additional Qualifications:
Experience with briefing senior government officials at the General Officer and SES-levels
Knowledge of DoD 8500 series, NIST SP 800 series, DoD regulations and instructions, including DoDI 8140-01, DoDI 8530.01, CJCSI 6510.01, and the Risk Management Framework (RMF)
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1"	476	Washington
Senior Study Data Manager	GSK	Rockville, MD	None	"Site Name: USA - Maryland - Rockville
Posted Date: Apr 27 2021
The Senior Study Data Manager is responsible for coordinating the end to end Data Management study related activities on a day to day basis and is the ultimate accountable of all DM study deliverables in terms of quality & delivery to plan. This role acts as the DM representative at the study core team and is also able to guide Study Data Managers in their tasks.
Responsible for coordinating the end to end Data Management study related activities on a day to day basis and is the ultimate accountable of the DM study deliverables in terms of quality & delivery to plan:
Electronic Case Report Form and (electronic) Diary Cards
Data Management Plan & associated documents
Data Management Report
Interim and final cleaned database freeze
Archival of all DM documents in the eTMF
Archival of the study database and provision of clinical data to the study site
Provides DM operational input into the study design, the clinical protocol, study planning and review of study documents
Create study level timelines for DM deliverables and ensures teams adhere to them
Member of the study core team and acts as the single point of contact for all the DM study related activities & matters
Provides reports, status updates, feedback and advice to key study stakeholders on study progress.
Provides input into the Study Risk Registers for all study DM risks
Acts as the first point of escalation for all DM study issues. Understands, mediates and solves issues related to DM study deliverables and escalated as required to the Oversight Data Manager (the ODM will communicate to the CECT on any issues if applicable)
Ensure DM study deliverables are in compliance with GSK SOPs and regulatory guidelines
The Senior Study Data Manager has the accountability for 1 or several complex studies, and performs the full set of activities of the Study Data Manager (see Job description of SDM) and has the ability and the seniority to manage the delivery of any type of studies (different areas, complex/unusual early setting, new/unusual indication, pivotal / Phase III and efficacy studies, clinical as well as epidemiology).
The Senior Study Manager acts as a mentor & reference model within the Study Data Management Team
The Senior Study Data Manager leads the implementation of new processes, provide ownership on associated written standards & trainings, vendor quality assessments, audits and inspections
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Masters or equivalent: Engineering, Life Sciences, Computer Sciences, Mathematics and Physics or equivalent
4+ years of experience in Data Management.
Clinical Research or Information Systems experience with end to end study responsibility.
Experience with Project Management including risk & time management
Experienced in Data Management and Clinical Systems
Fluent English (written and spoken)
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus
Excellent communication, influencing and negotiation skills within a matrix environment
Good problem solving and project delivery skills
Fluent with CDISC requirements
Understanding of general data flow & database architecture concepts
Good understanding of regulations including ICH-GCP
Exposure to novel technologies is an asset (eDiaries, eCOnsent, eProtocol, Veeva, Power BI
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture. These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.LI-GSK
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site."	476	Washington
Sr. Contract Specialist	Cherokee Federal	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	$115,000 - $135,000 a year	Sr Acquisition Specialist, Ft Belvoir*** Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance***SUMMARYThe Sr Acquisition Specialist will assist contracting officers in the development of solutions, recommendations, processes, and specialized instruments such as grants, task orders, cooperative agreements, and other transactions in support of the efforts at DTRA.CN3S provides personalized professional and support services to ensure our clients' success. Whether your program requires mission, IT, environmental or medical support, CN3S offers the best solutions to finish your job on time and within budget. CN3S has proven expertise in navigating the competitive and tribal 8(a) acquisition environments. This gives our clients more control over project scopes and budgets, streamlines the procurement process and alleviates acquisition delays.For more company information, visit our site atESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESIncludes the following:Provide assistance in conducting both pre-and post-award contracting activities.Assist a Contracting Officer by updating and maintaining official contract files.Assist the Contracting Officer by preparing pre-award contractual documents.Prepare routine correspondence or documentation for signature, distribute those actions to the appropriate offices for action, track and provide the status to the Contracting Officer/COR, in file completed actions in the official contract file.Perform task relating to pre-award functions and develop documents including market research, Justification and Approvals, Acquisition Plans and Strategies, and other required documents.Serves as point of contact for assigned procurements.Ensures appropriate funding and required waivers, certifications, approvals and compliance have been obtained for purchase requests.Coordinates with responsible officials to obtain funding waivers, certifications, and approvals.Makes recommendations to the Contracting Officer regarding contract types, methods of solicitation and options.In coordination with the Contracting Officer, prepares milestones, acquisition plans, and all other acquisition-related documents for the acquisition package.Prepares and develops solicitations for the Contracting Officer with appropriate provisions, well-defined statements of work / performance work statements, inappropriate evaluation factors.Assist the Contracting Officer with contract audit recommendations in a timely manner.Prepares evaluation documents for the Contracting Officer from responses to solicitations, including price reasonableness, adequacy of competition, and the compliance with solicitations.Assist the Contracting Officer with price negotiation documents, to include, but not limited to, prices, terms, and conditions.Prepares for the Contracting Officer award documents, consistent with established award factors and the technical board evaluation.Performs other job-related duties as assigned.SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITYNo supervisory or management authority.EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCEMinimum of Bachelor’s degree with at least 24 semester hours in accounting, law, business, finance, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods, or organization and management and 4 years of experience within the past ten (10) years hands-on work as a contract specialist on DoD contracts. Hands-on experience with performance-based contracting, and contracting by negotiation as referenced in FAR Part 15.KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIESKnowledge of Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) Level III, or equivalent, in the contracting career field unless waived by the COR.Proven ability to perform cost/price analysis in reviewing contractor's proposals; reviewing and evaluating direct and indirect cost elements, such as, materials, labor, Other Direct Costs, (ODCs), overhead, general and administrative (G&A) expenses and fixed fee.Skilled in developing, recommending and documenting cost/price objectives for negotiations; and experience in interpreting and applying cost principles and procedures for various types of contracts and acquisitions.Ability to interact daily with contracting officers, program managers, and auditors.Physical sciences knowledge – government acquisitions, cost analysis, DAWIA Level III.Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance.Knowledge of federal and agency laws, regulations, and procedures applicable to the acquisition process and to meeting the performance requirements detailed in this PWS.Professional written and oral communication skills.The ability to guide first-time DOD contractors through the acquisition process, to include contractor education and outreach as appropriate.WORK ENVIRONMENTWork will be primarily performed in a climate-controlled office environment.Job Type: Full-timePay: $115,000.00 - $135,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):What are your salary expectations? Please list a range.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Contract negotiation: 10 years (Required)Government Contracting: 4 years (Required)FAR Part 15: 4 years (Required)License/Certification:DAWIA III (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One location	476	Washington
Senior IT Program Management Specialist - DOD	Titanium Cobra Solutions	Washington, DC	From $90,000 a year	**Active DoD Secret clearance is required**We are seeking a Senior IT Program Management Specialist to join our team and be part of a growing small business that values its employees. We strive to create a positive work environment and provide our staff with a very competitive salary and benefits package, all while offering excellent opportunities for advancement.KEY ROLE: Provide Defense Business System Program Management expertise to support, guide, and advise Program Managers and the Enterprise Portfolio of Leadership in successfully accomplishing sustainment program objectives via milestones and acquisition decision events. Deliver support across the acquisition decision activities as well as create acquisition documentation that requires stakeholder/sponsor input. Engage and work closely with knowledge management team responsible for maintaining the technical data repository and knowledge management database. Provide support translating user requirements into actionable acquisition plans and required acquisition artifacts including PWSs, SOWs, SOOs, and/or contract deliverables. Research and analyze IT sustainment acquisition issues. Develop sound recommendations utilizing applicable laws and statutes, Department of Defense/Department of the Navy (DoD/DON) regulations and implementing directives for Business Capability Acquisition Cycle (BCAC) Program documentation requirements for BCAC Programs I thru III, IT Service Management and IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) frameworks, total ownership cost goals, and applicable IT industry standards.A successful candidate will also identify and escalate risks in the areas of cost, schedule, budget, performance, and staffing. Draft and finalize acquisition documentation, including the Acquisition Strategy (AS) and plans as required; Cost Analysis Requirements Description (CARD); Acquisition Program Baseline (APB); Acquisition Decision enter and exit criteria, and Problem Statements. Draft and finalize program milestone/Authority to Proceed (ATP) schedule development to support, guide, and advise Enterprise Portfolio of Leadership and Program Managers in successfully accomplishing sustainment program objectives via Milestones/ATPs/ Acquisition Decision events. Support and participate in acquisition, production, transition, and integration efforts conducted at working group meetings, Integrated Product Teams (IPT) sessions, in-process reviews, and other meetings, prepare meeting materials and briefs and summarize programmatic impacts.REQUIRED SKILLS: Eight (8) years of demonstrated experience in DoD Program Management and Acquisition Management for ACAT programs across the acquisition life cycle.Strong ITSM and Network Services experience.Bachelor's degree completed from an accredited college or university.DAWIA Program Management Level III or Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification.Active DoD Secret clearance.Proficient in Microsoft Office products: Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.PREFERED SKILLS: Self-starter with excellent attention to detail skills, data entry skills, and can communicate well.The candidate must be a team player who has excellent writing and communication skills; able to Independently develop and communicate senior-level point papers, briefings, and correspondence, including pre-screening read-ahead and draft executive summaries as requestedPossession of excellent oral and written communication skills, including using computers proficiently to effectively communicate complex procurement regulations, contract strategy, processes, and procedures.Titanium Cobra Solutions is an organization that has a long history of GETTING THE JOB DONE; on-time, on-budget, and within the highest standards of quality. Our staff has a passion to truly make a difference for our client community by tactfully challenging the status quo, while delivering effective solutions that create business value for our customers. Our solution-focused team is a collection of technical, project, and process-oriented professionals who collectively make the impossible, possible. If you are up to the challenge of an always evolving agile organization with ideals that value their personnel’s value – Come join our team.EOE STATEMENTWe are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timePay: From $90,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):What are your salary expectations?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:DOD (Department of Defense) Project Management: 8 years (Required)Acquisition management for ACAT programs: 8 years (Preferred)ITSM and Network Services: 8 years (Preferred)License/Certification:Active PMP Certification or Dawia PM level III (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	476	Washington
Sr Executive Assistant, Insurance and Financial Services	National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (N...	Arlington, VA	None	Job DescriptionThe National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA), with offices in Arlington, VA and Lincoln, NE is the trade association for over 900 consumer-owned electric cooperatives serving more than 42 million people. NRECA is committed to harnessing the strength of America’s electric cooperatives into a single powerful voice. NRECA has won the following awards over the past few years:Top Workplace by the Washington Post100 Best Places to Work - ComputerWorld Magazine50 Best Places to Work - The WashingtonianCARE Award Recipient - Recognizing organizations that promote a positive work-life balanceBest Place to Work Award Recipient - Lincoln, NEGold Well Workplace - Wellness Councils of AmericaState of NE Governor's Wellness Award - Grower LevelAt NRECA, we work with people who are leaders in their fields. They are down-to-earth, hardworking professionals committed to helping our members serve their communities. Our work is interesting, constantly evolving, and requires new skills to meet the evolving needs of a dynamic industry. In this collegial, inclusive work environment, united around the compelling purpose and history of electric cooperatives, we thrive. And topping it off, NRECA cares about each person’s overall well-being, encouraging health, financial security, and a sustainable work/life balance. EEO/AA- M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status/Genetic DataSummarySr Executive Assistant, Insurance and Financial Services B.4The primary functions of this position include, but are not limited to (i) providing the highest level of professional administrative support to the Senior Vice President (SVP) and other members of the I&FS executive team, (ii) serving as the recording secretary and administrative coordinator for the I&FS Committee of the NRECA Board of Directors, (iii) operating as the office manager with respect to the facilities and resources of the I&FS department in Arlington, VA, and coordinating the activities of other administrative staff in support of the broader I&FS operation, (iv) managing or coordinating specific strategic projects and initiatives at the direction of the SVP and (v) consistently embracing and modeling the NRECA mission, vision and values.Purpose and MissionProvide the highest level of professional administrative support to the Senior Vice President (SVP) and other members of the I&FS executive team, including:Coordinating development/monitoring of annual I&FS departmental budgets, including operating budgets for the SVP and iCARE CommitteeReviewing/reconciling monthly departmental financial reports to ensure accuracy of revenue/expense allocations and to flag/resolve any errors or discrepancies, including the coding of vendor/contractor invoices and ensuring the accurate and timely processing of paymentsManaging calendars, schedules, meetings, travel arrangements and expense reporting/reconciliations, including anticipating scheduling needs, analyzing/resolving internal and external meeting priorities and conflictsManaging both incoming and outgoing communications and correspondence for the Plan Administrator’s Office, ensuring timely responses to inquiries, drafting/distributing communications and maintaining a secure filing and document storage/retrieval systemManages travel activities/reservations/issue resolution strategically for multiple events to ensure effective use of time and compliance with the NRECA travel guidelinesEnsuring continuity of operations especially during heavy travel periodsProvide support to other I&FS senior staff as needed.Serve as the recording secretary and administrative coordinator for the I&FS Committee of the NRECA board of directors, including:Directing all scheduling and logistics necessary to ensure that Committee meetings run smoothly and effectively, according to the approved agendaCollating, reviewing, publishing, and updating all Committee meeting materials and resources in Diligent according to published deadlinesDocumenting the official minutes for all Committee meeting, ensuring they are accurate, reviewed, approved, and published in a timely mannerOrganizing and maintaining all Committee records in a secure and efficient system to ensure easy retrieval and appropriate retentionCoordinating with the Executive Assistant to the Board and the CEO’s Office to ensure they are aware of all I&FS Committee activities and meeting dates/agendas, issue meeting invitations as appropriateOperate as the de facto office manager with respect to the facilities and resources of the I&FS department in Arlington, VA, including:Directing office space planning, audio visual requirements, facility/maintenance issues, ergonomic evaluations, furniture purchases, supply ordering and inventory managementCoordinating departmental activities involving multiple administrative assistants and support staff in support of the broader I&FS operationAssessing requirements/issues, providing recommendations/solutions and interfacing with NRECA departments to help ensure the maintenance of a safe and healthy workplace for I&FS employees and contractorsCoordinating I&FS floor monitor/safety teams that respond to emergencies and evacuations, and maintaining/updating the I&FS Arlington safety planMaintaining/managing the I&FS Arlington Business Continuity Plan (BCP), including reviewing/updating the BCP on an annual basis, publishing the updated BCP to I&FS senior staff, maintaining the I&FS BCP on the NRECA Business Continuity Management (BCM) SharePoint site, and coordinating/monitoring of annual I&FS BCP testing activities to ensure continuity of operations/productivity regardless of situational conditions.Managing the proper security and disposal of confidential information that s/he may be exposed to in the course of performing this position's duties, in accordance with NRECA’s Personnel & Administrative Policy, HIPAA Privacy and Security Policies, and other procedures manuals/regulationsServing as the designated I&FS Document Custodian, ensuring I&FS teams provide current/accurate information on the management/retention of electronic and paper files, updating the I&FS document retention policy on an annual basis, maintaining the I&FS record retention inventory on the NRECA Record Retention SharePoint site, and coordinating I&FS record management activities with the NRECA Enterprise Content ManagerSupport strategic programs and/or significant initiatives in I&FS as assigned or approved by the SVP, including managing special projects of a sensitive natureModel the NRECA mission, vision and values, including being accountable for consistently delivering service excellence to NRECA members and colleagues, developing/maintaining collaborative and collegial working relationships across NRECA, and demonstrating effective communication and creative problem solving with a positive attitude and a high degree of emotional intelligenceResponsible for the proper security and disposal of any confidential information that he or she may possess in the course of performing this position’s job duties, in accordance with NRECA’s Personnel & Administrative Policy and HIPPA Privacy and Security Policies & Procedures Manuals.*Requirements and Qualifications**Formal Education Required*Bachelor’s Degree in liberal arts studies and 5 years of Executive Assistant experience or 10 years’ experience as an Executive Assistant working with senior management, board of directors and business partners.Experience and Certifications Required10 years of administrative, secretarial, and/or office management experience, with at least 5 years supporting executives and/or board level required. Experience using Diligent Boardbooks or comparable technology for publication and management of sensitive documents/materials; familiarity with Apple iPad a plus.Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (as demonstrated by prior work experience)Knowledge of insurance/employee benefits, investments, and financial services is highly desirable.Ability to quickly learn/adopt new computer skills and applications.Ability to effectively interact with others, work in a team environment and provide follow-up when needed.Strong interpersonal, customer service, organizational and leadership skills a must.Ability to define issues, establish facts and draw valid conclusions and apply to work environment.Ability to manage competing deadlines and multiple projects at various stages of development using effective organization skills and attention to detail.Ability to listen and interpret the customer’s needs, de-escalate difficult customer calls, while at the same time researching the issue and applying broad business and technical knowledge to meet the customer’s satisfaction.Ability to work well as a team member/collaborator with a high degree of emotional intelligence and use discretion in handling sensitive/confidential information.Ability to communicate, both verbally and in writing, with a diverse membership, employees and/or vendors in a clear and precise manner.Ability to use Microsoft Office tools (Excel, Word, Outlook, Power Point, MS Teams) in the day-to-day essential duties of the job.Ability to operate various office equipment such as personal computer, copier, printer, fax machine or other job-related equipment.Ability to provide service excellence by building relationships, being resourceful, responsive and respectful.Essential Physical RequirementsThe worker is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; visual inspection involving small defects, small parts, and/or operation of machines (including inspection); using measurement devices; and/or assembly or fabrication parts at distances close to the eyes.Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects. If the use of arm and/or leg controls requires exertion of forces greater than that for sedentary work and the worker sits most of the time, the job is rated for light work.Disclaimer Statement: The preceding job description has been written to reflect management’s assignment of essential functions. It does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.Job Type: Full-time	476	Washington
Principal Engineer	Tyto Athene	Washington, DC 20374 (Anacostia area)	None	"Tyto Athene is an IT services and solutions company that provides mission-focused digital transformation to enhance the client experience and enable them to achieve desired outcomes. A full-service systems integrator, Tyto Athene offers a wide range of network services and solutions including the design, installation, and support of Hybrid Cloud-based Enterprise Unified Communications, Voice, 5G and NextGen Infrastructure. Tyto Athene has over fifty years of experience supporting Federal State and Local Governments across the United States and around the globe.
Tyto Government Solutions Inc is looking for an experienced Principal Engineer to provide advanced technical analysis support for a Government Program Management Office (PMO) at the Washington Navy Yard.
Responsibilities:
Work is 100% on government site location (no telework). Nominal travel requirements (5%) to various locations.
Perform in a principal technical support role for Government PMO with emphasis on engineering and project management support functions.
Provide multi-disciplinary technical support to the Engineer Manager and Test Manager. Items for review and contributions include Concept of Operations development, operational/functional requirements, system engineering & design oversight, platform interface and integration analyses, test & evaluation master planning, training, and lifecycle support planning & implementation.
Interface between the PMO and various stakeholders, including Resource Sponsors, Technical Authorities, Design Agents, In-service Engineering Agents, and fleet support personnel to facilitate a technical review, concurrence, and approval.
Review technical documentation including system operational manuals, certification plans, test reports, engineering change proposals (ECP), engineering trade studies, and presentations.
Support program planning and execution efforts including milestone tracking, monthly technical reporting, and quality assurance of technical documentation.
Review acquisition documentation including Statements of Work (SOW), requirement/specification documents, task execution plans, task statements, Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms), and related documentation.
Draft PMO technical documentation used to address critical technical and programmatic areas including training initiatives.
Qualifications:
Current active TOP SECRET clearance reported in DISS.
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or related technical discipline.
Ten (10) or more years experience in support of DoD acquisition programs, project management support, systems analysis or systems engineering.
Ability to multi-task in support of numerous projects with a demanding, dynamic workload. Extreme attention to detail and follow-through.
Excellent communication skills (written and oral); able to effectively interact with customers, partners, and associates at all levels. Prepare and deliver presentations.
High proficiency with MS Office Suite, web-based applications, and databases.
Desired Skills/Education/Certifications: MS degree in management or technical discipline.
Completion of applicable DAU coursework (DAWIA SPRDE Level II or III preferred).
Former DoD (military or civilian) experience highly desirable.
Equal Opportunity Employer: Disability/Veteran"	476	Washington
Program Integrator, Level 3	Applied Insight	Fort Meade, MD 20755	None	"About Us: Innovating to solve real-world problems
At Bridges, an Applied Insight Company, we leave no stone unturned in solving our customers’ technology challenges. Supporting the Federal Government with the strongest mission focus, our solutions empower people to collaborate more effectively in delivering services vital to the nation.
On joining the Bridges, an Applied Insight company team, you’ll be working to solve real-world problems on missions that matter with people who share your passions and encourage your ambition. It’s vital to us that we hire committed people who are great at what they do. We return that commitment by empowering them with the autonomy, the support and the tools they need to fulfill their true potential.
A day in the life (just a few of the things you may do on any given day):
As the Program Integrator, you will assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and PEO leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio. You will perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative.
The Level 3 Program Integrator (PI) shall possess the following capabilities:

Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets)
Assist program managers in developing program documentation (TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies), creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP)
Attend contract reviews to assist GPMs in conducting cost estimating and monitoring of program/initiative outcomes
Advise in the production and tailoring of NSA financial execution reports and program acquisition documentation and ensure affordable, supportable and effective program requirements are specified to meet mission needs
Provide assistance in analyzing, tracking, and reporting program unfunded requirements in accordance with PEO policies and processes
Prepare point papers, briefing charts, spreadsheets and other materials to assist in the Government in program decision-making
Perform data analysis using MS Excel with pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts to present data clearly and effectively

What we are expecting from you (i.e. the qualifications you must have):

Active TS/SCI w/ Polygraph Clearance
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor’s Degree with a business or technical focus is required
In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred
In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted
Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts

 What we will provide in return: Excellent compensation and amazing benefits

Multiple health insurance options from CareFirst which include a PPO plan and 2 HMP Plans
401k Immediate Vesting. Company matches 100% of the first 3% contributed and 50% of the next 2% contributed. 3% 401K profit share contribution.
Fully paid long-term disability, short-term disability, and life insurance.
Flexible Spending Account options.
Generous paid time off that includes one bucket of leave to use how the employee sees fit; sick and vacation. Plus 80 hours of Holiday leave (10 days)
Flexible work schedules with the ability to bank extra hours for additional time off. -per month
Everyone is eligible for an annual bonus based on performance
Employee centric culture and a belief that we should empower those who are good at what they do and then give them the tools they need to achieve success and grow their career.
A commitment to learning and growth and easy ways to achieve both including a training budget, education assistance, mentorship programs and collaborative learning sessions.
A collaborative environment that fosters communication and an open door policy."	476	Washington
Business Analyst III, Enrollment Automation (Contractor)	Stride, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	Apply directly to: Business Analyst III, Enrollment Automation (Contractor)https://recruiting.ultipro.com/KIN1002KTWEL/JobBoard/2a39421b-1f5a-45ac-8e84-3a801088facc/OpportunityDetail?opportunityId=04587368-7cca-455e-b34c-01445892792eMeet StrideSuccess StoriesResponsibility and InclusionOver 20 years ago, Stride was founded to provide personalized learning — powered by technology. We reached students where they were in their own journeys. We knocked down their barriers to great education. And we gave every learner equal opportunity to succeed — however they defined success. Stride innovated the learning experience with online and blended learning that prepared them for their lives ahead.Stride is a community of passionate leaders. Whether teachers, engineers, curriculum writers, or financial managers — whatever your expertise or role, we all work to empower futures through learning. And changing the trajectory of learning itself is one of our greatest missions. Join us in developing more effective ways to learn and helping learners build the skills and confidence they need to make their way forward in life.The Business Analyst, Level 3, helps define the automation and customer experience improvement roadmaps for the Company’s Enrollment Center and Marketing Department and engages with stakeholders to ensure products meet strategic goals. This position requires the incumbent to elicit, analyze, validate, specify, verify, prioritize, and manage the business needs. This will involve a close partnership with other groups across the organization, including Information Technology (IT) Enrollment, and Marketing internal customers and end users throughout the business solution development lifecycle including analysis and refinements after deployment.Essential Functions:    Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential duties.    Helps define user problems, stories, and develop scope statements as well as other requirements artifacts related to the Enrollment and Marketing lifecycles to enable the evolution of the Company’s systems and products.Understands and articulates the business vision, problem definition and opportunity by documenting business requirements, use cases, and functional and non-functional requirements.Utilizes interviewing skills to elicit, analyze, validate, specify, and verify the business needs of the project stakeholders, including internal and external (throughout the Company) stakeholders and end users.Partners with Business users, technology development, and project managers from across the Company to ascertain business requirements and transform those requirements into a functional specification document.Ensures requirements are documented, traceable and testable through to implementation.Collaborates with multidisciplinary management team in prioritizing functional requirements and developing a phased-development approach with the project team.Provides central coordination for all business and infrastructure requirements for automation and customer experience initiatives as a critical member of the Enrollment Automation Team.Leverages interpersonal skills to work in a team environment and communicate effectively across a variety of stakeholder groups.Facilitates the coordination and implementation of ideas and activities between the Enrollment, Marketing, and automation teams to ensure positive cooperation in a dynamic matrix environment.Develops high quality presentations, documentation, and analytical materials for consumption by senior management and field teams.Develops organizational evolving processes/workflows, tool usage and participate in process improvement activities.Provides UAT samples and conducts User Acceptance Testing to verify the fulfillment of all requirements and communicate changes in accordance with the project change control process.Resolve issues and conflicts as they arise.Monitors, updates, and escalates automation related issues.Works independently with multiple management areas and communicates with Business Owners to ensure the process remains as stated in the project scope.Supervisory Responsibilities:    This position has no formal supervisory responsibilities.  Minimum Required Qualifications:      Bachelor’s degreeSix (6) years of experience in business analysis, automation, or a related fieldCertificates and Licenses:  None required.   Other Required Qualifications:     Business and analytical acumen: critically evaluate the information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, translate up from low-level information to a more general understanding, distinguish presented user requests from the underlying true needs, and distinguish solution ideas from requirements. Work and cope within rapidly changing environment and rethink the approach as new challenges are presentedCommunication: solid communications skills, both written and oral to communicate information effectively to customers, marketing, managers, and technical staffLeadership: mentor other business analysts on the team, facilitate and lead requirements elicitation workshops. Provides technical guidance related to the business implications of the application of various systemsInterpersonal: help negotiate priorities and to resolve conflicts among project stakeholders (such as customers, product management, and engineering)Project management: help organize, lead, and implement solutions. Work independently and efficiently, in a cross-functional matrix environment, to successfully manage multiple projects in a timely mannerCollaboration: working in a team-oriented, collaborative environmentDemonstrate strong interest in technology, particularly a familiarity with the issues facing technology from a business perspective and knowledge about automation (artificial intelligence, machine learning, and business modeling)Ability to clear required background checkDesired Qualifications:     Master’s degreeProduct Development & Management Association (PDMA) New Product Development Professional (NPDP) certification or International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA) Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP) certificationExperience with web-based applicationsExperience using Salesforce as a user or Systems AdministratorIntermediate skills utilizing SQLRPA certificationsWork Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.This is a home based position. This position is open to residents of, and may be performed remotely from Washington, D.C., and from any state except Colorado.The above job is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow any other instructions, and perform any other related duties, as assigned by their supervisor. All employment is “at-will” as governed by the law of the state where the employee works. It is further understood that the “at-will” nature of employment is one aspect of employment that cannot be changed except in writing and signed by an authorized officer.Stride, Inc. is a Federal Contractor, an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and a Drug-Free Workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected Veteran status age,, or genetics, or any other characteristic protected by law.Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesThe contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)Job Types: Full-time, Contract	476	Washington
Security Operations Center Lead	OBXtek Inc.	Lanham, MD	None	Responsibilities: OBXtek is currently looking for a Security Operations Center Lead to support the IRS in Lanham, Maryland.The functions of this position will be:To manage daily business of the SOC, which includes threat monitoring and analysis, incident response, vulnerability management, along with various other activities across on-premises and cloud-based infrastructure systems, applications, and data.To provide the overall relationship management for operational service delivery activities and manages end‐to‐end service ownership.To prepares and delivers weekly, monthly, and quarterly SOC Order Status Reports consisting of a summary of SOC activities; SOC performance and investment metrics and trends; the status of security incidents by category; statistics for event and incident tickets, call logs, investigatory cases, and security event notifications; and actions accomplished during the respective reporting period in performance of the work requirement.*Duties: *Manages operation and performance of Security Operations Center (SOC).Assigns shift managers who oversee and direct activity on each shift to achieve 7x24x365 SOC management coverage.Lead activities of staff performing cyber incident handling, non-compliance reporting, user activity monitoring, and malware and forensic analysis.Coordinates 24x7 staffing to support mission-critical operations, including incident response, and manages surge support.Drives implementation and adoption of new tools, capabilities, frameworks, and methodologies.Ensure compliance to Service Level Agreements (SLAs).Identify and communicate operational risks and major issues.Oversee threat management and identify threat vectors to aid in the development of use cases for security monitoring.Drive continuous improvement of SOC operations and service delivery quality.Respond to computer security incidents by collecting, analyzing, preserving digital evidence and ensure that incidents are recorded and tracked.Maintains records of security monitoring and incident response activities.Monitors and analyzes Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) to identify security issues for remediation.Recognizes potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises thorough reviews and analyses of relevant event detail and summary information.Manages cybersecurity services to protect IT infrastructure and resources, information systems, and the information used in these environments from cybersecurity threats.Manages daily business of the SOC, which includes threat monitoring and analysis, incident response, vulnerability management, along with various other activities across on-premises and cloud-based infrastructure systems, applications, and data.Directs the deployment and operation of cybersecurity toolsOversees network security measures and oversees vulnerability management program.Manage detailed assessments of the defensive posture of the network environment.Oversee the performance of vulnerability scans in support of FISMA requirements and manage the analysis of vulnerabilities of systems.Qualifications: Active Top Secret Clearance10 years of experience on federal government IT projects.5 years of experience working in a Security Operations Center (SOC) operations5 years of intrusion detection and/or incident handling experienceUnderstanding of the life cycle of cybersecurity threats, attacks, attack vectors and methods of exploitation with an understanding of intrusion set tactics, techniques and procedures (TTPs).Understanding of Cyber Kill Chain methodology as part of the IRS SOC defense-in-depth strategy for enhanced insights and reporting of cyber activity.Excellent listening and verbal communication skills with oral, written, and formal presentations.Desired-Computer Incident Response experience performing large-scale incident response.Education/CertificationsBachelor DegreeCertified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certification in Certified Intrusion Analyst (GIAC), or Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) or equivalent.Company Information: Headquartered in McLean, Virginia and founded in 2009, OBXtek is a fast-growing leader in the government contracting field. Our mission is Our People…Our Reputation. Our people are trained professionals who enhance our customers’ knowledge and innovation using technology, collaboration, and education.We offer a robust suite of benefits including comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, matching 401K, paid time off, tuition reimbursement plans and much more.As a prime contractor for 93% of our current work, OBXtek pairs lessons learned across disciplines with industry standard quality practices such as CMMI-Dev Level III, ITIL, 6Sigma, PMI, and ISO. Our rapid growth has been recognized by INC500, the Washington Business Journal, and Washington Technology magazine.*OBXtek is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation or any other classification protected by federal, state or local law.*Job Type: Full-time	476	Washington
Program Integrator 3	Jovian Concepts	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Job Description
Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Assist program managers in developing program documentation (TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies), creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Attend contract reviews to assist GPMs in conducting cost estimating and monitoring of program/initiative outcomes.
Provide assistance in analyzing, tracking, and reporting program unfunded requirements in accordance with PEO policies and processes.
Prepare point papers, briefing charts, spreadsheets and other materials to assist in the Government in program decision-making.
Perform data analysis using MS Excel with pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts to present data clearly and effectively.
Create reports to support program management function to include:
o a. Bi-Weekly execution reports by program to show funding execution across a program inclusive of budget center, appropriation and source of funding including point solutions & external funding) – how much money does a program have and how is the GPM doing on spending it?

o b. Bi-Weekly cost estimating reports by program to show the consolidated burn rate across all contracts that support a program and latest projection for amount of funding required to get through the fiscal year

o c. Bi-Weekly combined overview of total budget available vs. total projected costs for remainder of fiscal year (i.e., is there a projected overrun or underrun based on program cost estimates?)

o d. BiWeekly report on any areas of concern – e.g., late receipt of external funds, slow execution against certain appropriations

o e. Bi-Weekly contracts report by program to track current contract funding run outs (i.e., when will contractor be at risk of work stoppage), current contract periods of performance, planned award dates, burn rate analyses, contractor CDRL deliverables

o f. Bi-Weekly Staffing report for LOE contracts, by program, illustrating current and projected staffing, as well as highlighting any areas of concern. Include historic staffing numbers, show positions remaining to be staffed (and their status specifying any delays in filling positions), and show projected staffing for remainder of period of performance. Include attrition metrics.

o g. For programs that are going through contract actions and/or ARB baselining, document readiness schedule listing all contract documents required and the status of each against the baseline schedule for completion. (e.g. TTOs, SOWs, CDRL packages, Technical CICA memos, Acquisition Strategies, etc.)

Assist GPM and initiative leads with resource planning and tracking
Prepare and support delivery of presentations to assist with program and initiative status reviews.

Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree with a business focus or technical focus is required.
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management. In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted.
Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is preferred to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts."	476	Washington
Program Manager	CACI	Reston, VA 20190 (Sunset Hills area)	None	"Job Description
CACI is looking for an experienced TS/SCI cleared Program manager located in Reston, VA, in support to a large program supporting locations Worldwide.
The PM provides leadership, management and oversight for the program workforce to deliver exceptional services across the MPE consolidated enterprise, as well as their associated staff elements and organizations to accomplish the following:
Implementation of new task orders to accomplish the mission
Lead and manage the consolidation of several disparate large projects including, but not limited to, BICES-X, MPE-S, MPE CCMD, APAN, CENTRIXS
Continuous improvement and innovation to drive efficiencies and effectiveness
Represent CACI and the MPE Consolidation program at the MPCO and SAF/AA level
The candidate will serve as a senior CACI representative and be the direct interface to the customer, responsible for establishing a strong working relationship and managing service delivery performance through service level agreements and other key performance metrics. Responsible for the program budget, performance and delivery of exceptional customer services and user experience.
More About the Role
Experience in planning, directing, and managing complex IT projects/operations of a nature similar in size and scope, to include globally dispersed geographic locations
Knowledge and experience in infrastructure design and engineering;
Up-to-date knowledge of current and emerging network and infrastructure technologies
Knowledge and experience in securing critical infrastructures;
Knowledge and experience in operating and maintaining critical infrastructures
Demonstrated written and oral communication skills, including experience in presenting material to senior Government officials. PMP Certified or equivalent
You’ll Bring These Qualification:
A minimum of 10 years of experience in Department of Defense.
At least five years’ experience as a Program Manager managing an IT enterprise with a value over $100M per year or $500M in total contract value over the PoP.
Experience with the management and supervision of a significant number of staff (500+ FTE) of various labor categories and skills in projects similar in size and scope.
Demonstrated experience supporting at least one combatant command mission
Bachelor’s Degree in information technology or comparable discipline
Security clearance of TS/SCI eligibility
These Qualifications Would Be Nice to Have
At least five years’ experience as a Program Manager managing an IT enterprise with a value over $200M per year or $1B in total contract value over the PoP.
A minimum of six years of experience managing complex programs and leading geographically dispersed operations and engineering staff of varying skill levels.
Master’s degree in engineering, computer science, or another related technical field.
ITIL Certified (current) or equivalent.
Certified Program Management Professional (PMP) or equivalent certification.
DAWIA level III certification or equivalent
What We Can Offer You:
We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location
US-Reston-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN


CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities."	476	Washington
Biostatistician II/III, Biostatistics	Novavax, Inc.	Gaithersburg, MD 20878	None	"If you find science, speed, and success exhilarating, you have come to the right place.
Novavax, Inc. (Nasdaq: NVAX) is a biotechnology company that promotes improved health globally through the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative vaccines to prevent serious infectious diseases. Novavax is currently conducting multiple late-stage clinical trials for NVX-CoV2373, our vaccine candidate against the virus that causes COVID-19, and has recently reported exciting and highly encouraging initial efficacy results. NanoFlu, our quadrivalent influenza nanoparticle vaccine, met all primary objectives in its pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial in older adults. Both candidate vaccines incorporate Novavax' proprietary saponin-based Matrix-M adjuvant to enhance the immune response and stimulate high levels of neutralizing antibodies. Novavax is a leading innovator of recombinant vaccines. Our proprietary technology platform leverages the power and speed of genetic engineering to efficiently produce highly immunogenic nanoparticles in order to address urgent global health needs.
Novavax, Inc. is headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland with additional facilities in Uppsala, Sweden and Bohumil, Czech Republic.
We are seeking a Biostatistician II/III, Biostatistics to join our team in Gaithersburg, MD or remotely to gain invaluable experience working directly with the Senior Managers of Biostatistics and the Statistical Programming team. This position will be filled at a level commensurate with experience.
Responsibilities include but not limited to the following:
Assists in the review of statistical sections of clinical protocols using appropriate statistical methodology for the specific trial, including selection of study design, sample size, and analyses.
Reviews database design, CRFs, and edit checks.
Prepares or reviews statistical analysis plans and tables/listings/figures shells.
Prepares or reviews statistical sections for relevant background documents for regulatory agencies.
Writes specifications for or produce data sets, tables, figures, and listings for submissions, publications, and internal needs.
Provides programming support to programming team when it is needed for the validation of clinical study tables and listings.
Write codes for generating graphs for external dissemination, simulation based power calculations, and development of statistical analysis macros.
Is a good team player. Has good business ethics and leadership skills.
Meets deadlines while maintaining high quality standards.
Performs other duties as requested to meet company milestones including support for Senior Manager, Biostatistics.
Minimum requirements:
Master's Degree in Statistics (or equivalent degree) with at least 2-3 years of experience in a pharmaceutical company (pharma), biotech, or clinical research organization (CRO) servicing the pharmaceutical industry or PhD in Statistics with at least 1-2 years of experience in pharma/biotech/CRO.
Knowledge of experimental design for clinical trials, power calculations, simulations, time-to-event analyses, and other methods for assessment of efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity.
Familiarity with current ICH guidance pertinent to clinical development.
Proven knowledge and expertise in biostatistics and its application to vaccine clinical trials. Solid knowledge and experience in vaccine development process, including evaluation of epidemiologic data for definition of key endpoints and assessment of correlates of risk.
Able to thrive in a fast-paced team environment and work independently on projects.
Very good communication and presentation skills. Ability to communicate statistical concepts across functions.
Thorough and up-to-date working knowledge of statistical software packages. Hands-on programming experience. One to two years SAS programming experience (Base SAS, SAS/STAT, SAS/GRAPH, and SAS macro language) and other statistical software (e.g., R or JMP) in pharma/biotech/CRO.
Experience with CDISC is preferred.
Novavax is headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland with additional facilities in Uppsala, Sweden and Bohumil, Czech Republic. Novavax is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol NVAX and is dedicated to developing novel vaccines to address infectious disease.
Novavax offers a base salary, annual bonus, equity grants, professional career development/growth opportunities, and a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, Rx, STD, LTD, Life, Optional Life, 401(k) plan.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Novavax is an equal employment opportunity employer. Employment and advancement opportunities are available to all individuals on an at-will basis, regardless of their race, color, national origin, religion, ancestry, citizenship status, military or veteran status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, disability, genetic information, protective hairstyle, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
#LI-LM1"	476	Washington
Solution Architect	BAE Systems	Chantilly, VA	None	"Join BAE Systems Intelligence and Security sector and be a part of a team who solves some of the world’s most complex challenges. We are looking for an experienced Solutions Architect to join our team. One of our programs is seeking a Solution Architect (SA) responsible for leading the development of large-scale Cloud enablement and Infrastructure modernization opportunities for one of our IC1 customers. This individual has a passion for building and managing infrastructure and applications at scale and will work directly with the program manager and the customer’s front office staff to shape the technical direction for the customer.

The Solution Architect (SA) will serve as the technical subject matter expert (SME) and the engineering design authority (DA) for the technical direction of the customer’s organization. This position will lead technical strategy and drive solution development for large-scale cloud enablement and infrastructure (compute, storage and network) modernization and sustainment opportunities.


This position will also develop technology road maps for future capabilities, fully document the associated solutions including CONOPS, system architecture, models and prototypes, as well as business and user requirements. The role is responsible for ensuring the quality of the solutions delivered meets all internal and external customer expectations and is sufficiently mature to be successfully transitioned into operation.

In this role, you will:
Develop deep expertise in AWS, Azure, and VMware cloud services and architecting solutions on these platforms
Develop a working relationship with engineering staff to drive solution features and architectures
Leads, architects, and develops cloud and infrastructure solutions to include cloud enablement, hybrid cloud design and implementation, infrastructure modernization and service delivery enhancements that increase service quality and lower support costs.
Applies understanding of critical customer program goals to develop winning, best-value, and tailored solutions.
Serves as Subject Matter Expert (SME) in development of these solutions
Collaborate across BAE Systems to leverage discriminators and leverage existing solutions where applicable
Ability to think strategically and communicate effectively at the most senior levels of government (customer) or corporate management (company) to articulate the understanding of their mission needs and requirements, and to communicate the value and benefit of BAE Systems solutions
IT specific domain knowledge, including (i) ITIL; (ii) Cybersecurity and Information Assurance; (iii) Enterprise IT infrastructure; and (iv) Cloud native design principles Develop lifecycle cost models to support architecture decision trades
Develop technical approach and project engineering plans, including tasks, process and critical resources, to turn the solution into a successful proposal
Collaborating with business development, develop technology and capability road maps and tailorable reference architecture for different service models including system integration, sustainment, and operational support
Communicate solutions with customers, management, and teaming partners, including presentations and white papers
Lead the development of proposal technical volumes.

Required Education, Experience, & Skills

Required Skills :


Technical degree in computer science or related field.
10+ years design/implementation experience with distributed applications
Technical experience in some of these areas: networking, security, storage, databases, software development.
Subject matter expert on AWS and/or Azure services
AWS Certified Solutions Architect- Professional
Extensive Experience with infrastructure/application architecture and cloud migration
Experience with Infrastructure-as-Code technologies and solutions
Experience deploying applications into classified clouds
Experience with DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment
Good verbal and written communication skills across a range of audiences
Bachelor Degree in appropriate discipline (e.g. Engineering, Computer Sciences) and a minimum of 12 years of experience, including 3+ years of IT experience.
Demonstrated ability to lead and win complex cloud and infrastructure opportunities with the Federal Government.
Experience supporting large-scale proposal efforts, comprising a diverse team of technical and operational specialists, and involving the development of novel or innovative new solutions
Demonstrated ability to decompose complex Cloud and Infrastructure requirements into easy to understand solutions with clear value propositions.
Knowledge of system development methodologies including requirement engineering, configuration management, technical baseline management, cost estimating and analysis, and decision support methodologies
Knowledge and understanding of project management methodologies, including scope, cost and schedule, and resource management
Experience collaborating across organizations and OEMs, participating in industry forums and conferences, writing and presenting technical papers

Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills

AWS certification on Advanced Networking or Security
Microsoft Certified System Engineer in Cloud Platform and Infrastructure or related certification
Agile Certification
Red Hat Certified Architect or Engineer
Expertise in enterprise architecture frameworks such as DoDAF, Zachman)
#KRA10

About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security

BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. That’s BAE Systems. That’s Inspired Work."	476	Washington
ELS - AMZ - Service Technician III (ST III)	Daifuku	Hyattsville, MD 20785	None	"Overview:

POSITION SUMMARY
As a Service Technician III, you will lead service technicians on the team in the installation and repair of automated packaging and distribution equipment. You will support the ELS Maintenance team by designing solutions for difficult problems and managing projects. You will help train and mentor service technicians.
Responsibilities:

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Promote a safe working environment by following all safety procedures
Maintain and troubleshoot all conveyor systems in the building’
Lead and audit preventative maintenance procedures
Install, maintain, and troubleshoot relay logic, ladder diagrams, control components, photo-eyes, motor starters, limit switches, proximity sensors, solenoids, etc.
Create and close out work orders with data including labor hours, equipment maintenance and parts used
Develop training plans for service technicians
Develop work plans for emergency repair of critical assets
Perform additional duties/assignments that may be required by management from time to time
Qualifications:

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
High school diploma or equivalent
5+ years of experience working with automated conveyors and controls
5+ years of experience with electrical and electronic principles, National Electrical Code (NEC), and industrial electronics
5+ years of experience conducting preventative & procedure-based maintenance
5 + years of experience reading blueprints and schematics
5 + years of experience with Programmable Logic Controls (PLC) programs
3+ years of work order management
Ability to use and interpret statistical equipment run metrics such as OEE/Up Time to prioritize accordingly
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Associates or higher degree from a vocational school or college with a focus in the Mechanical or Electrical field
4+ years apprenticeship or equivalent experience in the Mechanical or Electrical field
Previous leadership experience
Experience with robotic or electromechanical maintenance
Knowledge of computer networking systems and infrastructure
Basic ability to use Linux command line interface
Low voltage signal tracing and troubleshooting of logical devices and signal feedback loops
ADDITIONAL SKILLS & ABILITIES
Maintain a positive working relationship across all of the Amazon Operations facility
Move up to 49lbs as well as stand and walk during shifts lasting up to 12 hours, with or without reasonable accommodations
Problem solving skills
Customer focus and ability to balance customer needs with company procedures
Organized and able to follow thru with commitments
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and written.
Ability to work under pressure with time constraints.
Computer Skills:
Basic Requirements:
Basic computer knowledge, in working with Microsoft Windows to include: Outlook, Word, and Excel.
Preferred Requirements:
None
Other Requirements:
Basic Requirements:
Promoting and conduct good housekeeping practices
Flexibility with work hours and days. (7 days a week operation, including holidays)
Dedicated to supporting production by working in a safe, customer focused manner. Must be highly self-motivated.
Must be able to read, write, speak and understand English.
Must be able to comply with the ELS Drug and Alcohol policy.
Must be committed to working safely while accomplishing all tasks and promoting a safe work environment at all times.
Preferred Requirements:
None
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
Lift/Carry

Stand
F (Frequently)
Walk
F (Frequently)
Sit
O (Occasionally)

Handling / Fingering
F (Frequently)
Reach Outward
F (Frequently))

Reach Above Shoulder
O (Occasionally)
Climb
F (Frequently)
Crawl
O (Occasionally)
Squat or Kneel
F (Frequently)
Bend
F (Frequently)
10 lbs or less
F (Frequently)
11-20 lbs
F (Frequently)
21-50 lbs
O (Occasionally)
51-100 lbs
O (Occasionally)
Over 100 lbs
N (Not Applicable)
Push/Pull

12 lbs or less
O (Occasionally)
13-25 lbs
O (Occasionally)
26-40 lbs
O (Occasionally)
41-100 lbs
N (Not Applicable)
N (Not Applicable)
Activity is not applicable to this occupation.

O (Occasionally)
Occupation requires this activity up to 33% of the time (0 - 2.5+ hrs/day)

F (Frequently)
Occupation requires this activity from 33% - 66% of the time (2.5 - 5.5+ hrs/day)

C (Constantly)
Occupation requires this activity more than 66% of the time (5.5+ hrs/day)

Other Physical Requirements
Vision (Near, Distance)
Lift and move totes up to 49 pounds each
Regular bending, lifting, stretching and reaching both below the waist and above the head
Occasionally push and pull wheeled dollies loaded with products up to 100 pounds during site visits
Engage in full manual dexterity in both hands and wrists
Walking in the FC and around area with great frequency; facilities are over a quarter mile in length
Ability to climb ladders and gangways safely and without limitation
Ability to work in construction /distribution environments that may be noisy, unlit, unheated, not air-conditioned
Continual standing and/or walking an average of 5 miles daily
Able to access all areas of building (ascending and descending ladders, stairs, etc.)
WORK ENVIRONMENT
Works in a warehouse that contains moving equipment and machinery.
ELS STATEMENT
The Company has reviewed this job description to ensure that essential functions and basic duties have been included. It is intended to provide guidelines for job expectations and the employee's ability to perform the position described. It is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all functions, responsibilities, skills and abilities. Additional functions and requirements may be assigned by supervisors as deemed appropriate. This document does not represent a contract of employment, and the Company reserves the right to change this job description and/or assign tasks for the employee to perform, as the Company may deem appropriate. By signing below, I acknowledge and affirm that I have read, understand and discussed any problems that I may have fulfilling the duties outlined in the above job description with the Manager of Human Resources."	476	Washington
Administrative Support	Rainbow Restoration	Lorton, VA 22079	$12 - $14 an hour	"We offer a flexible schedule as well as comfortable work environment!

Job Purpose: To provide support to the Vice President and Office Manager.

Responsibilities and Duties

Administrative Assistant Job Description:

Administrative Assistant duties and responsibilities include providing administrative support to ensure efficient operation of the office. Supports managers and employees through a variety of tasks related to organization and communication. Responsible for confidential and time sensitive material. Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices and procedures. Ability to effectively communicate via phone and email ensuring that all Administrative Assistant duties are completed accurately and delivered with high quality and in a timely manner. May direct and lead the work of others. Rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals and a wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Typically reports to a manager or head of a unit/department.

Responsibilities:

Answer and direct phone calls
Organize and schedule meetings and appointments
Maintain contact lists
Produce and distribute correspondence memos, letters, faxes and forms
Assist in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports
Develop and maintain a filing system
Order office supplies
Submit and reconcile expense reports
Provide information by answering questions and requests
Research and creates presentations
Generate reports
Handle multiple projects
Ensure operation of equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements; calling for repairs; maintaining equipment inventories; evaluating new equipment and techniques
Maintaining supplies inventory by checking stock to determine inventory level; anticipating needed supplies; placing and expediting orders for supplies; verifying receipt of supplies
Carry out administrative duties such as filing, typing, copying, binding, scanning etc.
Write letters and emails on behalf of other office staff
Maintain computer and manual filing systems
Handle sensitive information in a confidential manner
Take accurate minutes of meetings
Coordinate office procedures
Reply to email, telephone or face to face enquiries
Develop and update administrative systems to make them more efficient
Resolve administrative problems
Receive, sort and distribute the mail
Answer telephone calls and pass them on
Manage staff appointments
Coordinate repairs to office equipment
Photocopy and print out documents on behalf of other colleagues

Requirements:

Proven admin or assistant experience
Knowledge of office management systems and procedures
Excellent time management skills and ability to multitask and prioritize work
Attention to detail and problem solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong organizational and planning skills
Proficient in MS Office
At least 3 years of experience in the field or in a related area
High school diploma or equivalent; college degree preferred
Compensation: $12.00-$14.00



At Rainbow International® Restoration we’re helping families out when disaster strikes, turning their damaged houses back into homes. Our franchisees are looking for qualified people seeking to do what it takes to restore the customers property. Does the sound of that excite you? Then seeking a career with an independently owned and operated Rainbow International® franchise might be the place for you. Because for our family, this isn’t just a job, it’s a calling.
Notice

Rainbow International LLC is the franchisor of the Rainbow International Restoration® franchised system. Each Rainbow International Restoration® franchised location is independently-owned and operated by an independent franchisee performing services. As a service to its independent franchisees, Rainbow International LLC lists employment opportunities available throughout the franchised network so those employment opportunities may be conveniently found by interested parties at one central location for brand management purposes only. Rainbow International LLC is NOT the employer seeking help. The only employer is the independent franchisee who has listed its available positions on this website.
Acknowledgement

I acknowledge that each independent Rainbow International Restoration® franchisee hires and determines the terms and conditions of employment for its own employees. Any employment benefits, compensation and employment practices vary by location. Neither Rainbow International LLC (“Franchisor”) nor its affiliates have the power to: (1) hire, fire or modify the employment condition of franchisee’s employees; (2) supervise and control franchisee’s employee work schedule or conditions of employment; (3) determine the rate and method of payment; or (4) accept, review or maintain franchisee employment records. Rainbow International LLC is NOT the employer and/or joint employer for: (i) any of the job opportunities listed on this website; (ii) any of the independent franchisees; and, (iii) any of the employees of the independent franchisees."	476	Washington
Proposal Manager	Metaphase Consulting	Reston, VA	None	"Position Description:
MetaPhase Consulting (MPC) is a rapidly growing small business focused exclusively on Federal Government IT and Management Consulting. In addition to demand accelerating, we recently gained access to OASIS and anticipate additional large Government Contract vehicles (e.g. STARS III) that have positioned us to increase the number of proposals we'll submit each year.
We are looking for a super organized candidate that understands the Federal Proposal Process, is able to stay focused while balancing multiple priorities and take ownership of the proposal process from evaluation of opportunities through submission of proposals. Our vision is to be the best in the business at executing the proposal process to maximize efficiency and quality, and to limit the strain on our staff that disorganized proposals cause! The right person for our team wants to be a trailblazer in not only contributing to the process but defining it to have a direct impact on significant growth.
 Specific Duties:
This role will work with MPC's executive team and account manager to serve as the nerve center for proposal coordination. The Proposal Manager will review RFP requirements, conduct analysis on RFPs, manage proposal schedules, develop compliant proposal templates, and facilitate color team reviews through submission.
Below are the specific responsibilities we envision for this role:
Proposal Coordination
Review, parse, and analyze RFIs, RFPs, BAAs, and Task Order requirements to organize a compliant response
Work with all levels of MPC to develop and prepare high-quality, compliant and compelling proposals.
Develop and maintain proposal schedules, driving the proposal team in adherence to the schedule
Coordinate proposal phases, activities, and milestones - including, but not limited to the proposal kickoff meetings, teammate meetings, data calls, readiness assessments, brainstorming sessions, informal proposal reviews, wall walks, and collaborative writing sessions
Oversee development of high quality, high impact artwork and graphics for proposals
Lead proposal color reviews to include scheduling, organizing, facilitating, inviting, review preparation and conduct, and supporting comment summation, adjudication, and final inclusion. Ensure that capture team's strategy, themes, solution, and discriminators are reflected in the proposal
Develop proposal outlines, compliance matrices, proposal schedules, and provide direction to leadership and cross-functional teams assigned to work proposal efforts
Work collaboratively across the company; gain broad awareness of MPC capabilities, past performance, and discriminators and, where relevant, recommend insertion into proposals
Intellectual Capital / Knowledge Management
Develop and maintain all templates, tools, and SOPs for managing a proposal at MetaPhase. This includes proposal kickoff deck, proposal template, Color Team Review materials, Past Performance Templates, Resume Templates, reusable language (intro text), etc.
Maintain the intellectual capital of the firm - making it easily available for maximum use and efficiency
Lead proposal teams in post-submittal activities such as properly storing final materials, extracting reusable sections for future proposals, capturing and responding to lessons learned, etc.
Coordinate with MPC leadership and the social media/marketing team to create public-facing collateral targeted at key markets
Training
Train team members (or create/maintain training materials) on various elements of a proposal response including technical approach, management approach, Past Performance, Staffing/Resumes, Compliance, etc
Basic Qualifications (Required):
5 years of direct experience in federal proposal development as a technical writer, coordinator, or manager
The ability to conceptualize and create graphics with experience in graphic design software a major plus
Strong organizational, leadership, and facilitation skills
Bachelor's degree - preferably in a technical field, business, and/or in Project Management
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)
Proficiency in the G Suite
Additional Qualifications (Desired):
BD/Proposal Training, Association of Proposal Management Professionals (APMP) Foundation Certification, Shipley, and/or PMP Certifications
Experience in graphic design
Experience pursuing large Government Wide Acquisition Contracts (GWACS)"	476	Washington
SUPERVISORY ELECTRICAL ENGINEER	US Naval Facilities Engineering Command	Washington Navy Yard, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as the Electrical Technical Discipline Coordinator in the Design and Construction Business Line of Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command Washington.
Responsibilities
You will evaluate technical data (e.g., materials, equipment, shop drawings, proposals for contract modification) to recommend approval or rejection of submission or proposals.
You will prepare the electrical project scope and cost estimates for fees associated with design and construction requirements.
You will monitor large-scale electrical engineering projects for compliance with applicable objectives, standards, and requirements.
You will negotiate design modifications with representatives to ensure operational agreements satisfy the interests of facilities programs and projects.
You will assign work assignments and schedules to project management staff members to ensure work is completed based on priorities and capabilities of the employees.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0850 Electrical Engineering
Similar jobs
Electrical Engineers
Engineers, Electrical
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final secret security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field - FACILITIES ENGINEERING - Level III. Certification is required within 24 months of appointment.
You will be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card for travel and travel-related purchases.
This position may require occasional travel from normal duty station. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft.
You will be required to complete ethics orientation within three months of appointment and submit a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, OGE-450, within 30 days of appointment.
Supervisors in the executive branch have a heightened personal responsibility for advancing government ethics. You will be required to review the 14 General Principles of Ethical Conduct at 5 CFR 2635.101.
This position requires current registration as a Professional Engineer (PE) in any state, District of Columbia, Guam or Puerto Rico. You must provide a copy of your current registration with your application.
Qualifications
Selective Placement Factor (SPF): This position has an SPF which is current registration as a Professional Engineer (PE) in any state, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. NOTE: You must submit a copy of your current registration with your application to be considered for this position.

In addition to the basic requirements and SPF, your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-13 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector performing duties such as: 1) Applying advanced engineering theories, concepts, principles and practices to provide innovative recommendations in electrical engineering; 2) Providing consultations on electrical engineering issues for all architectural design and engineering activities for facilities construction; 3) Coordinating various engineering and architecture disciplines to deliver advisory services accomplishing cost effective, high-quality design and construction activities; 4) Assisting in the preparation of contract specifications, cost estimates, and bills of material for the electrical portion of construction documents supporting facilities projects; and 5) Evaluating performance of subordinates to ensure timely performance of work and quality of work. NOTE: This information must be supported in your resume for you to receive further consideration for this position.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series AND https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdf

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education
Applicants must meet the following basic education requirements of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards Manual:

Successful completion of a professional engineering degree. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree (or higher) in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET); or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. Such education must demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position.
OR
Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT), or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration For more information about EI and EIT registration requirements, please visit the National Society of Professional Engineers website at: http://www.nspe.org
OR
Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico The FE examination is not administered by the U. S. Office of Personnel Management. For more information, please visit: http://www.nspe.org/Licensure/HowtoGetLicensed/index.html.
OR
Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and in engineering that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A (above). The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A (above)
OR
Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least one year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily, there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions.
Additional information
This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

Recruitment incentives may or may not be authorized for this position.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/uniquehiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/


Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ACCOUNTABILITY
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING DESIGN
ENGINEERING PROJECT MANAGEMENT
INFLUENCING/NEGOTIATING
MANAGING HUMAN RESOURCES

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience. TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


There is a basic education requirement for this position. Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current competitive service Federal employees, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles and VEOA eligibles."	476	Washington
Program Manager - IT - Expert (1636)	Compass, Inc.	Springfield, VA	None	"Position Title: Program Manager - IT - Expert (1636)
Location: Springfield, VA
Clearance Required: Top Secret/SCI
Overall Assignment Description: Serve as an advisor to a Government-led team that:


Enables coordination across traditional & non-traditional collectors (commercial, unclassified sensing, mission partners).
Enables rapid evolution of advanced analytic algorithms, tools and tradecraft through concept development, prototypes, exercises and operational demonstrations.
Evolves a service centric model that enables discoverable services, and data that can be flexibly delivered to mobile platforms at all classification levels.
Evolves IT strategies, concepts, standards, architectures and engineering roadmaps that reduce risk, inform policy and steer acquisition to help meet Agency's long terms goal for the integrated intelligence environment.
Enables strategy alignment and draw on national-level experts to perform independent technical and program assessments in support of strategic objectives and major acquisition milestones.
Provides acquisition strategy program management services to senior management.
Maintains the enterprise architecture baseline and plans the approach to achieving new future architectures

Duties may include:

Influence the GEOINT strategy by enabling the coordination across traditional and non-traditional collectors, including commercial and unclassified sensing, and coordinating activities in a layered architecture approach across mission partners.
Recommend approaches to advance analytic algorithms, tools, and tradecraft via concept development, prototypes, pilots and operational demonstrations.
Guide the engineering path to the future Agency architecture.
Define novel approaches to advancing an IT service-centric model that enables discoverable content, services and easy data delivery across multiple classification domains.
Support strategy development, standards and engineering roadmaps that aide in risk reduction, inform policy and guide acquisition to meet Agency's long-term strategic goals.
Leverage unique knowledge, innovation and trusted Intelligence Community relationships to advise about technical strategies, architectures and future directions.
Advise about new prototype and pathfinder approaches.
Guide transition methods to emergent capabilities.
Define approaches to improve IT efficiency, effectiveness and resilience in supporting the GEOINT mission.
Recommend enhancements to Agency's analytic tradecraft in integrating new sources of information and exquisite capabilities into its operational environment.
Recommend approaches to accelerate Agency's shift towards commercial capabilities, open source data, persistent GEOINT, big data analytics, CLOUD and integrated intelligence.
Recommend novel collection strategies that fully leverages available sources to enable persistence and advance processing and analytic capabilities for Agency.
Assist Agency with forming tighter collaborative relationships with mission partners to align collection and achieve integrated mission intelligence.
Provide technical, financial, schedule and risk management expertise and assistance to the project, program or Program Management Office (PMO).
Recommend approaches to maintaining the existing architecture baseline and approaches to evolve to new future architectures.

Skills and Experience:Required:

Master's Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or a related field such as Physics, Aerospace, or Remote Sensing.
15 years demonstrated specialized experience in Information technology.
Project Management Professional (PMP), DAWIA Level III certification in Program Management or equivalent specialized experience with Project Management tools and techniques.

Desired:

Demonstrated specialized experience in any of the following: traditional and non-traditional collectors including commercial and unclassified sensing.
Demonstrated specialized experience supporting NSG sensor independent data, standards and algorithm integration.
Demonstrated specialized experience with GEOINT and MASINT or SAR processing and exploitation.
Demonstrated specialized experience with coordinating activities in a layered architecture approach across mission partners.
Demonstrated knowledge of Cloud infrastructure support.
Demonstrated specialized experience with enterprise architecture and/or solutions architecture.
Demonstrated specialized experience with proven and trusted Intelligence Community relationships.
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Certification.
Demonstrated specialized experience in any of the following: analytic algorithms and big data, tools, and tradecraft via concept development, prototypes, pilots and operational demonstrations.
Demonstrated specialized experience in any of the following: IT services and ITIL methodology.
Demonstrated specialized experience with developing and working systems roadmaps and project plans.
Demonstrated specialized experience in communication across all levels of the Agency and between Agencies.
Demonstrated specialized experience in Cost/ Price analysis, cost estimating or financial management.

provider to the United States Government. We provide Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance (SETA), Advisory and Assistance Services (A&AS), and Systems Engineering and Integration (SE&I) to our government and business partner customers. As a premier Defense and Intelligence solution provider, we employee a diverse, agile, highly trained and extremely talented staff.

Equal Opportunity Employer Veterans/Disabled"	476	Washington
Senior Analyst	SAIC	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$105,001 - $115,000 a year	"Job ID: 214005
Location: WASHINGTON , DC , US
Date Posted: 2021-04-23
Category: Program Management
Subcategory: Project Analyst
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day Job
Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time
Minimum Clearance Required: Secret
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Top Secret
Potential for Remote Work: Yes
Description
Join SAIC’s OneSETA Team to provide our government customer with Systems Engineering & Technical Assistance (SETA) support. SETA services range from providing administrative assistance to providing expert technical assistance on national efforts that will contribute to maintaining and expanding the capabilities of homeland security.
The SETA III Project Analyst will provide SETA support to the DHS Science and Technology Directorate (S&T) Operations and Requirements Analysis (ORA) Division. Support includes strategic development, DHS Customer Portfolio management and oversight, stakeholder engagement and communications, reporting and data call management, property and records management support, and business operations and financial management support. These support functions include portfolio management tracking, and reporting; gap and requirements analysis; program and communication coordination; high-level technology research and technical feasibility assessments; program budget assessment; and scoping and monitoring of studies related to portfolio management, engineering, and technical services for current and proposed S&T programs. Assist with defining requirements; provide input to project scope, schedule and budget based on an understanding of the program lifecycle. Assist in maintaining changes to project baselines; monitor deliverables; assess documents, plans and applications; conduct quality reviews of projects and tasks. Prepare presentations and other materials to support project functions. Lead activities to identify project risks and assist in the development of mitigation plans.
The contractor will assist the assigned Portfolio Manager in:
Support the ORA Front Office in its collaborative efforts with other S&T Offices to communicate, track, and ensure program management best practices are followed as S&T continues to install and refine its revised business process flow. Support shall encompass drafting and distributing meeting notes, development and distribution of meeting agendas, drafting required documentation, and collection, organization and storage of program and office artifacts. Draft correspondence, reports, white papers, minutes, spreadsheets, communications products, briefs, and other documentation.
Assist in managing data-calls to include coordinating all inputs from ORA staff and collating all required data for review and submission. Assist in the review/clearance of inbound and outbound inquires, requests, and documents from component heads or other agencies; actions or assigned tasks that commit the directorate to actions or dedicate resources; read-ahead items that will be used by DHS leadership (i.e., DHS Secretary, S&T USST) for upcoming meetings or briefings with key stakeholders/or customers.
Document and provide implementation support for strategies to effectively support ORA’s integration with other key S&T stakeholders, private industry, national labs, university community, and other intergovernmental R&D organizations.
Working with Strategic Mission Directors (SMDs) on strategic priorities and alignment of portfolios to DHS strategic mission areas, coordinating capability gaps and prioritizations, maintaining capability maps, and coordinating engagements with component Senior Leadership.
Maintaining awareness of all component customer engagements and projects conducted by S&T to ensure a complete portfolio account. Developing strategies to support and close customer’s key capability gaps and increase mission impacts.
Maintaining contact with PM and providing customer with regular updates on status of project plan, transition strategy, transition and commercialization approach, and assessment of the solution (internal reviews). Coordinating with other Portfolio Managers to optimize use of resources. Conducting portfolio-level reviews to validate, verify and communicate status.
Leading/coordinating S&T Integrated Product Team (IPT) engagements with customers through identification and consolidation of mission gaps/needs, requirements decomposition, prioritization of requirements.
Reviewing/approving project resourcing justification narratives, and project budget proposals (in collaboration with PM). Communicating emergent technology requirements and working with PM Coordinator/Supervisor to assign PMs for each effort. Facilitating work agreements between the customer and PM.
Assist the ORA Portfolio Managers with the entry of capability gap, requirement, solution analysis, and project data into the ServiceNow Project Portfolio Management (PPM) system to facilitate informed decision-making and R&D execution throughout the S&T Business Process Flow (BPF).
Manage the ORA Requests Dashboard within ServiceNow. Support tracking and status reporting for information and analysis requests received via the S&T Office of Science and Engineering (OSE) Service Portal.

Qualifications
REQUIRED:
BA/BS +10 Years of relevant experience or Master’s +8 years of relevant experience, PhD or JD and 2 years or more experience.
Must be a US Citizen.
Must have at minimum, an active Secret clearance and the ability to obtain and maintain a TS clearance within 90 days of contract award.

DESIRED:
Experience in a Systems Engineering Technical Assistance (SETA) environment.
Prior DHS experience including any DHS components or HQ Directorates, especially DHS S&T.
Prior DHS contractor fitness (suitability) authorization determination.
Detailed knowledge of and recent demonstrated experience working with appropriate offices and staff within the Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE), DHS, DOD, other federal agencies especially in Research and Development, Congress, foreign partners, industry groups, and private sector stakeholder entities on issues relating to the DHS mission space.
Travel may be required.


Target salary range: $105,001 - $115,000. The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors.
SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all."	476	Washington
Cybersecurity Manager- CISSP- Secret Clearance	Entegee	Washington, DC	$60 - $70 an hour	Cybersecurity ManagerWashington, DC6 Months Temp-to-HireSecret Clearance required- Must be eligible for TS clearanceCISSP requiredDetails: Looking for an on-site Cybersecurity Supervisor with excellent hands on experience in Cyber Security, Project Management, and supervising direct reports. Responsibilities include providing direct support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as managing the Team providing support providing support to the ISSM.Duties include: Provide support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as System ISSMs.Work directly with the Echelon II ISSM to identify strategic goals and objectivesLead the breakdown of the project goals into achievable objectivesWork with the Echelon II ISSM to effectively prioritize projects and tasking for direct reportsSupport and provide expert guidance on all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkMaintain the SSP Enterprise systems Assessment and Authorization (A&A) packages; topologies; ports, protocol, and services lists; contingency plans, disaster recovery procedures, incident response plans, and POA&Ms.Support the development and monitoring of cybersecurity policy and proceduresAnalyze and advise on issues, threats, and incident responses for enterprise and tactical systemsAssist in conducting internal audits of enterprise IT networks, systems, applications, and security tools to ensure they adhere to Navy, and DoD security policies and procedures (e.g., STIGs, CTOs, IAVMs, FRAGOs, NTDs, etc.) and applicable frameworks and regulations (e.g., NIST, FISMA, etc.)Review DoD, DON cyber security alerts, notices, IAVMs, etc., and conduct risk assessments and discuss mitigation strategies when needed.Provide technical guidance to the IAM/ISSM, CIO, Cybersecurity Workgroup (CSWG), Program Managers (PMs), Program Management Officers (PMOs), FBM Partners, etc. on cybersecurity matters and initiatives, including researching new technologies to counter evolving threats.Perform supervisory duties including, but not limited to, hiring, training, evaluating, counselling, and disciplining employees.Ensure personnel are properly qualified to perform duties effectively. Identify successors for all key positions. Sets technical and performance objectives with subordinates. Conduct performance appraisals. Ensure that all personnel are informed of and adhere to all pertinent company policies and procedures.Qualifications: Active Secret DoD Clearance AND Ability to obtain and maintain Top Secret DoD ClearanceCISSPBS Degree in Information Systems or similar8+ years of directly related experienceKnowledge and experience with assessing NIST 800-53 security controlsFamiliarity with NIST Special PublicationsKnowledge and understanding of security technologies including vulnerability scanning (ACAS), firewalls, HBSS and data protection/encryption systemsSolid analytical, planning, and organizational skills with the ability to multi-taskAbility to work with teams and independently on projectsExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to establish and maintain effective working relationships with partners and government officialsAbility to obtain and maintain Common Access Card (CAC) along with badge access to the customer’s facilityAbility to obtain and maintain a network account in good standing on the customer’s networkAbility to meet the requirements for an IAM III as specified in the DoD 8570 within 6 months of startRequirements: Experience managing direct reportsExperience with all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkExperience with information security configuration guides or DISA STIGsExperience developing policies, procedures, and technical training materialsExperience developing strategic goals and objectivesExperience managing projects of various size to include multi-team projectsExperience creating project charters, project plans, and project schedulesEqual Opportunity Employer/Veterans/DisabledTo read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visit https://www.entegee.com/candidate-privacy-information-statement/The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Cybersecurity: 8 years (Required)NIST standards: 5 years (Required)RMF: 5 years (Required)DISA STIGs: 5 years (Required)Cybersecurity Management: 2 years (Required)License/Certification:CISSP (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Contract Length:More than 1 yearFull Time Opportunity:YesWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	476	Washington
