job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Technical Security Analyst/Tempest Analyst	National Security Agency	Fort Meade, MD	$72,750 - $113,362 a year	"Job Summary
Technology Security Analysts detect and mitigate close access technical attacks of intentional Technical Surveillance Countermeasures (TSCM), or Wireless Security (WISEC), and unintentional (TEMPEST) threats emanating from secure facilities and equipment.
Qualifications
Salary Range: $49,157- $78,167 (Entry/Developmental)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
(U) Entry is with a high school diploma or GED plus 4 years of relevant experience, or an Associate's degree plus 2 years of relevant experience, or a Bachelor's degree and no experience, OR successful completion of the Interagency Training Certification (TEMPEST or TSCM) as a military member, DoD contractor, or DoD civilian employee and no experience.
(U) Degree in any field is acceptable.
(U) Relevant experience must be in signals analysis, physical security, TEMPEST, counterintelligence, electrical/electronics, technical surveillance countermeasures, telecommunications, wireless security, packet analysis, information assurance, construction/facilities, or related.
Salary Range: $72,750 - $113,362 (Full Performance)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
Entry is with a high school diploma or GED plus 7 years of relevant experience, or an Associate's degree plus 5 years of relevant experience, or a Bachelor's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience, or a Master's degree plus 1 year of relevant experience, or a Doctoral degree and no experience, OR successful completion of the Interagency Training Certification (TEMPEST or TSCM) as a military member, DoD contractor, or DoD civilian employee and 3 years of relevant experience.
Degree in any field is acceptable.
Relevant experience must be in signals analysis, physical security, TEMPEST, counterintelligence, electrical/electronics, technical surveillance countermeasures, telecommunications, wireless security, packet analysis, information assurance, construction/facilities, or related.
Salary Range: $103,690- $159,286 (Senior)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
(U) Entry is with a high school diploma or GED plus 10 years of relevant experience, or an Associate's degree plus 8 years of relevant experience, or a Bachelor's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience, or a Master's degree plus 4 years of relevant experience, or a Doctoral degree plus 2 years of relevant experience, OR successful completion of the Interagency Training Certification (TEMPEST or TSCM) as a military member, DoD contractor, or DoD civilian employee and 6 years of relevant experience.
(U) Degree in any field is acceptable.
(U) Relevant experience must be in signals analysis, physical security, TEMPEST, counterintelligence, electrical/electronics, technical surveillance countermeasures, telecommunications, wireless security, packet analysis, information assurance, construction/facilities, or related.
Competencies
The ideal candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning, and strong communication (oral and written), problem-solving, analytic, interpersonal skills who is:
-accountable
-detail-oriented
-adaptable
-customer and results-oriented
-able to manage multiple tasks with competing timelines and deliverables
-able to work effectively (independently and/or within teams) across functional areas in a collaborative environment
For some positions, a TEMPEST Professional Level I or II certification with at least 10 years of TEMPEST testing and/or TEMPEST manufacturing experience is required.
Pay, Benefits, & Work Schedule
This is a full-time position, Monday through Friday.
How to apply
To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply' button located at the top right of this posting. After completing the application for the first time, or reviewing previously entered information, and clicking the 'Submit' button, you will receive a confirmation email. Please ensure your spam filters are configured to accept emails from noreply@intelligencecareers.gov.
***PLEASE NOTE: U.S. Citizenship is required for all applicants. Reasonable accommodations provided to applicants with disabilities during the application and hiring process where appropriate. NSA is an equal opportunity employer and abides by applicable employment laws and regulations. All applicants and employees are subject to random drug testing in accordance with Executive Order 12564. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a security background investigation and polygraph.
This position is a Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS) position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1601. DoD Components with DCIPS positions apply Veterans' Preference to eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 USC, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. If you are a veteran claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you may be asked to submit documents verifying your eligibility.
Please note that you may be asked a series of questions depending on the position you apply for. Your responses will be used as part of the screening process of your application and will assist in determining your eligibility for the position. Be sure to elaborate on experiences in your resume. Failure to provide the required information or providing inaccurate information will result in your application not being considered for this position. Only those applicants who meet the qualifications for the position will be contacted to begin employment processing.
Please Note: Job Posting could close earlier than the closing date due to sufficient number of applicants or position no longer available. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible.
DCIPS Disclaimer
The National Security Agency (NSA) is part of the DoD Intelligence Community Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). All positions in the NSA are in the Excepted Services under 10 United States Codes (USC) 1601 appointment authority.
arrow_upwardBack to Top"	3701	Washington
Senior Intelligence Analyst	Pinkerton Consulting & Investigations, Inc.	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	None	"The Senior Intelligence Analyst (SIA) will develop and manage the Global Threat Intelligence program worldwide. The SIA will manage an intelligence program that provides both tactical and strategic level threat intelligence support, with the primary goal of mitigating risk to employees, business operations, assets, and brand. The SIA will provide accurate, concise briefing reports suitable for executive level presentation.
Essential Functions:
Represent Pinkerton core values of integrity, vigilance, and excellence.
Assume a proactive posture on threat detection and risk mitigation, driving this continuously across all program deliverables.
Leverage open source and proprietary situational awareness applications to collect, interpret, assess, and report on current or forecasted events that pose risk to the Client.
Maintain detailed situational awareness of external events, to include crime, weather, health, sociopolitical, geopolitical, and other issues that may threaten or impact the Client.
Research, evaluate, integrate, and analyze all-source data in the preparation and presentation of clear, concise, and in-depth intelligence analytical products.
Support Client Workplace Operations and Health and Safety Teams on COVID-19 mitigation strategy.
Provide objective, unbiased recommendations, based upon a through and accurate analysis, to Client security leadership and other stakeholders.
Support travel and corporate event protection initiatives through preparation of location threat briefs.
Provide timely and effective support to requests for intelligence information.
Prepare and present intelligence briefings to Client senior leadership to support executive level decisions regarding risk mitigation.
Engage peer teams to develop impactful projects and workflows.
Tactical level intelligence support for travel and event security operations.
Supervise one Threat Analyst.
Train, mentor and supervise one intelligence analyst. All other duties, as assigned.
Education, Experience, and Certifications:
Bachelor degree with six or more years of related experience or graduate degree with three or more years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to perform the essential functions of the job, as determined by the company.
Competencies:
Global threat intelligence experience.
Able to evaluate, recommend, and develop policy, project initiatives, and operation methods.
Effective time management skills.
Able to identify and solve complex problems by analyzing raw data and information from multiple unrelated sources into a finished comprehensive product.
Able to work independently with minimal supervision and under adverse and stressful conditions.
Strong client and results orientation.
Able to present and defend intelligence positions to a variety of audiences at both peer, contributor and executive management levels.
Able to interact effectively at all levels of an organization and across diverse cultural and language barriers.
Serve as a positive and effective team member.
Able to oversee and manage team's completion of tasks for large workflows or regions.
Able to quickly adapt as the external environment and organization evolves.
Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills.
Able to effectively manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Able to work with highly confidential information.
Proficient in formulas, charts, graphs, data import, and experience with building intelligence dashboards is preferred.
Computer skills; Microsoft Office, infographic creation, computer programming, data analytics and data visualization.
Working Conditions:
With or without reasonable accommodation, requires the physical and mental capacity to effectively perform all essential functions;
Exposure to sensitive and confidential information.
Regular computer usage.
Must be able to see, hear, speak, and write clearly in order to communicate with employees and/or customers.
Occasional reaching and lifting of small objects and operating office equipment.
Ability to adjust focus between close and distance vision.
Travel, as required.
Pinkerton is an equal opportunity employer and provides equal opportunity to all applicants for all positions without regard to race/ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, sex/gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, marital/prenatal status, pregnancy/childbirth or related conditions, religion, creed, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status or any protected status by local, state, federal or country-specific law."	3701	Washington
Research Analyst, Middle East	United States Institute of Peace	Washington, DC	$19 - $25 an hour	"Who We Are
Peace is our commitment. The United States Institute of Peace represents the American people’s shared values and commitment to peace around the world. We know that Peace is Security – it advances both U.S. and international security by preventing, managing, and mitigating violent conflict.
We are an independent, non-partisan institution and are actively engaged with peacebuilding efforts around the world. Together we tackle the toughest problems and hold fast to the possibility of a more peaceful world. (To learn more about USIP programs and job openings, go to https://www.usip.org/about/careers.
If you have a passion for making the world a better place and want to have a front-row seat on the world stage, USIP is the place for you.
JOB BRIEF
The Research Analyst (Scope of Work contractor) provides research, analysis, and administrative support for the “Agents, Actors and Ideas of Conflict in the Middle East and Africa” program, primarily “The Iran Primer” and “The Islamists” websites. Conducts research on Islamist movements, Iran, and the Middle East.
This is a scope of work contract with the flexibility of remote work. The approximate hourly range is $19 to $25 an hour—the rate to be determined depending on education and experience.""
Up to 20 hours per week during regular business hours starting as soon as possible through September 2021 with the possibility of extension.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Program and Administrative Support:
Help generate content for two Middle East websites – The Iran Primer and The Islamists.
Conduct research on relevant topics for both sites and the senior fellow
Monitor current events closely in Iran and the wider Middle East
Update existing resources, including timelines and profiles
Provide web layout support by creating infographics and finding photographs and other media
Help promote websites online, including through the use of social media
Provide programmatic and administrative support for the program
Completes special assignments as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s degree in international relations required. A major in Middle East studies preferred.
One (1) or more years related business or administrative experience to become familiar with general personnel practices, accounting and budgeting principles and coordination of major office activities preferred.
Strong working knowledge of the Middle East required, with demonstrated enthusiasm for subject matter. Knowledge of the full cast of characters in the region.
Excellent writing and communications skills preferred.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team; excellent organizational skills; flexibility; strong detail orientation.
Familiarity with standard office software, online research databases and social media platforms preferred.
Strong time management skills with the ability to prioritize work and meet deadlines.
All USIP contract and employee positions are contingent upon the favorable completion of a suitability background investigation.
HOW TO APPLY
To be considered for this position, please submit a complete application package consisting of:
1. Completed employment application including titles, dates of hire and salary requirements.
2. Cover letter
3. Resume


For questions about this position please email recruitment@usip.org. Do not send resumes or attachments to this email address.
Only those applicants that are selected for further discussions will be contacted.
No Phone Calls. Interviews will be scheduled by appointment only.
USIP is an equal opportunity employer. It is the policy and practice of USIP to offer equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees without regard to race, color, age, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, HIV/AIDS status, political affiliations or belief, pregnancy, or any other characteristic protected by law."	3701	Washington
Bank Security Act and Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Analyst, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Washington, DC	None	"The Challenge:
Critical decisions are made every single day in our government. What if you could use your analytical skills to help it make informed decisions? With all the information available today, it takes a skilled analyst to identify and interpret the best data to give their clients the right answers. As a Bank Security Act/Anti-Money Laundering (BSA/AML) Compliance Analyst, you’ll use your specialized compliance expertise to develop reports and written assessments to give your client the insight, understanding, and context they need. If you enjoy financial investigations and have excellent analytical skills, we have a place for you on our team.
As a BSA/AML Compliance Analyst, you’ll help your client safeguard the financial system from illicit use and promote national security through financial intelligence analysis. You’ll validate information and evaluate evidence related to compliance and enforcement actions. You’ll evaluate financial regulatory information and institutional BSA compliance, including Currency Transaction Reports (CTRs) and Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs). Using your knowledge of BSA/AML regulations and compliance programs, you’ll explore new data sources, build effective queries, and combine information from disparate sources.
As an experienced BSA/AML professional, your client will look to you for time critical recommendations, often under pressure. This is a chance to grow your expertise, develop new skills in regulatory and compliance matters, and share your methodologies with other analysts. We focus on growing as a team to deliver the best support to our customers, so you’ll have resources for mentoring and learning new skills and tools. Join us as we provide the right information at the right time to support the critical needs of our policy makers.
Empower change with us.
You Have:Experience with drafting BSA SAR narratives or participating in SAR escalation and decisioningExperience with conducting AML investigations or completing Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD) measuresExperience with working in a private sector or government Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU)Experience with using Microsoft Office Suite, including ExcelKnowledge of BSA/AML regulations and associated compliance programs implemented by financial institutionsAbility to work onsite in Washington, DC once mandatory telework requirements are liftedSecret clearanceBA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:Experience with conducting investigations, examinations, or audits of financial institutionsExperience with implementing or analyzing financial regulatory compliance programsExperience with auditing financial institution internal controlsExperience as a paralegalExperience in enforcement or compliance and working with or for banking regulators, including the SEC, FINRA, OCC, FRB, FDIC, NCUA, or a state regulator, such as NY DFS
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and intelligence. When you join Booz Allen, we’ll help you develop the career you want.
Challenging projects – Whether training analysts on military equipment through VR technology; developing a simulation capability to allow teams to rehearse missions together; or integrating RFID tags into mobile devices to enable data access within a geo parameter, you’ll get to solve some of the world’s toughest problems
Meaningful work – Use your skills to empower change. Your work will keep citizens and warfighters safe and well both at home and abroad
State-of-the-art technology – Broaden your intelligence capabilities with digital forensics, telematics, precision navigation, secure mobile operations, and advanced analytics
New skills – In-house experts and partnerships with tech leaders, like Nvidia and Splunk, mean you can get practical experience with advanced GPU technologies, cyber security, and data science
Room to grow – You’ll be inspired to grow your career while making your ideas a reality thanks to new opportunities across the U.S. and abroad, encouraging mentors, and collaborative colleagues
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1"	3701	Washington
Policy Analyst	Government of the District of Columbia	Washington, DC	$76,126 - $97,375 a year	"This position is in the Office of the Deputy Mayor for Education (DME). The incumbent is a core member of the Policy Team whose focus is on K-12 education and creating strong enabling environments to support education for all District residents. The Policy Analyst is responsible for supporting various education policy and legislation issues. The work involves planning and policy development; coordinating tracking and priority initiatives in the area of K-12 education; and carrying out vital legislative and policy related functions.
Duties and Responsibilities
Conducts research and statistical analysis of policy issues. Presents findings and recommendations on education policy and legislation, and their effect on the mission and activities of DME. Assesses, complies and reviews data in order to develop policies, legislation, procedures and/or systems for establishing, operating, and assessing the effectiveness of programmatic and administrative control systems. Identifies researches and develops short- and long-range policy priorities to assist in the formulation of the annual policy and budget proposals. Analyzes existing policies, programs, plans, etc. to identify policy gaps or inconsistencies; and to make recommendations to the supervisor. Analyzes and evaluates policies, plans and legislation submitted by subordinate agencies to ensure that they are consistent with priorities articulated in the policy agenda, Citywide Strategic Plan, etc.
Assists the supervisor in monitoring the status of proposals under consideration. Develops memoranda and notices to advise agency heads, and other senior executive staff of any potential impact on education policies, procedures, laws and regulations in the District of Columbia. Performs data-gathering studies, designed and integrated, to provide an assessment of the impact of legislative or regulatory changes in education rules and regulation. Prepares written narrative, analytical reports, research work plans, memoranda, summaries and research findings; and prepares and presents PowerPoint presentations. Builds support for Mayoral policy agenda among constituents and partner organizations. Coordinates policy development and reviews with subordinate agencies and he staff of DME to ensure that the appropriate objectives are taken into consideration.
Qualifications and Education
Graduate Education: Master's degree in economics, statistics, mathematics, applied sciences, law, or other fields related to the position is qualifying for CS-11 research positions. Total undergraduate and graduate study must have included at least 9 semester hours in mathematics and statistics and 9 semester hours in economics. Degree work must have included independent study or research in regulatory impact. Theory courses, without independent study or research, are not sufficient to demonstrate ability to per-form at the CS-11 level.
OR
Individuals must possess one (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the Grade 11 level, or its non-District equivalent. Specialized experience is experience which is in or directly related to the line of work of this position and has equipped the applicant with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of this position.
Experience that demonstrated knowledge, skill, and technical competence in the use of statistical and mathematical theories applicable to regulatory impact, policy analysis, professional methods of scientific inquiry and analysis in the solution of problems in determining economic and other impact on regulatory programs. Such experience must have involved extensive inquiry into or use of basic data; structuring of problems for systematic analysis; adaptation or development of scientific techniques; construction and use of analytical or mathematical models; formulation of recommendations for action; or planning, monitoring, or directing the above activities.
Licenses and Certifications
None
Working Conditions/Environment
Work is typically performed in an office setting, and the work area is adequately lighted, heated, and ventilated.
Other Significant Facts
Tour of Duty: 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Monday - Friday
Pay Plan, Series and Grade: CS-0301-12
Salary Range: $76,126-$97,375; based on funding
Collective Bargaining Unit: This position is not in a collective bargaining unit.
Promotion Potential: No known promotion potential
Position Designation: This position has been designated as security-sensitive therefore the incumbent of this position will be subject to enhanced suitability screening pursuant to Chapter 4 of DC Personnel Regulations, Suitability and as such, incumbents of this position shall be subject to criminal background checks, background investigations, and mandatory drug and alcohol testing, as applicable.
EEO Statement: The District of Columbia Government is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, matriculation, physical handicap, or political affiliation."	3701	Washington
PROGRAM ANALYST	US National Archives and Records Administration	Washington, DC	$87,198 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is in the Information Security Oversight Office (ISOO), National Archives and Records Administration. As a Program Analyst in ISOO, you will be responsible for inspecting and evaluating the security classification programs of federal agencies that create or handle classified information; serving as ISOO Liaison to such agencies; serving as team leader for special studies or projects; and for advising the Director on policies pertaining to security classification programs.
Responsibilities
The following are the duties of this position at the GS-13. If you are selected at a lower grade level, you will have the opportunity to learn to perform all these duties, and will receive training to help you grow in this position.

Inspect and evaluate the security classification programs of federal agencies that create or handle classified information.Review and process appeals, questions or complaints from stakeholders, including Executive branch agencies, other work units, and the public on matters related to information security, including classification, declassification, and safeguarding in accordance with Executive Order 13526 and its implementing directive.Analyze reports submitted by agencies concerning their information security programs, including classification, declassification, and safeguarding.Identify deficiencies, trends, problem areas, and prepare narrative and statistical records incorporating such data, including recommendations, as required, to resolve inconsistencies and problem areas.Represent the Director of ISOO in meetings with senior agency representatives designated by the Head of an agency, for the purpose of discussing the agency's program in detail, reviewing oversight findings, and recommending corrective action.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Program
Program Analysts
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
The experience may have been gained in either the public, private sector or volunteer service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/day/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week on your resume.
A one year probationary period may be required.
Must successfully complete a background investigation.
Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency.
If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to do so.
Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two forms of identification from the Form i-9. Federal law requires verification of the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S.
Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel.
Designated and/or Random Drug Testing may be required.
Key Requirements:
Please refer to ""Conditions of Employment.""
Click ""Print Preview"" to review the entire announcement before applying.
Must be U.S. Citizens or U.S. Nationals
Top Secret/Q background investigation will be required.

Qualifications
You must meet the following requirements within 30 days of the closing date of this announcement.

Specialized experience for the GS-13 is defined as one year of experience at the GS-12 level, or equivalent, that is directly related to the position and which has equipped the candidate with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience includes:
Inspect, evaluate, and analyze agency security classification regulations, policies and practices in order to determine the degree of agency compliance with Executive Order 13526, ISOO directives, and applicable agency regulations.; ANDEvaluating information security programs, regulations or policies (such as: classifying, safeguarding, declassifying classified national security information).; ANDProviding and communicating technical information to agencies and the public on matters related information security programs, including classification, declassification, and safeguarding.

OR

For the GS-12, specialized experience is defined as one year of experience at the GS-11 level, or equivalent that is directly related to the position and which has equipped the candidate with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience includes:


Analyzing results and developing recommendations to team leads and members.; ANDAssisting in evaluating information security programs, regulations or policies (such as: classifying, safeguarding, declassifying classified national security information).; ANDConducting research and providing technical advice and guidance as a team member regarding information security programs, regulations or policies (such as: classifying, safeguarding, declassifying classified national security information).


In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following time-in-grade requirement, if applicable:
For the GS-13, you must have been at the GS-12level for 52 weeks.
For the GS-12, you must have been at the GS-11level for 52 weeks.
Education
Additional information
We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more vacancies.
This announcement may be used to fill like positions in other organizations within the National Archives and Records Administration.
This is a non- bargaining unit position.
We offer opportunities for telework- Per agency policy
This position will work straight 8 hour days.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application includes your résumé, responses to the online questions, and required supporting documents. Please be sure that your résumé includes detailed information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide sufficient evidence in your résumé may result in a ""not qualified"" determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated in the following areas: Leadership, Problem Solving and Communication. Your application will be rated and ranked among others, based on your responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education, training, performance appraisals and awards relevant to the duties of this position. Your rating may be lowered if your responses to the online questions are not supported by the education and/or experience described in your application.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to participate in a selection interview.

If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP)) you must receive a score of 85 or better to be rated as ""well qualified"" to receive special selection priority

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Q Access Authorization
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Critical-Sensitive (CS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and 3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible).

Please ensure all required documents, including any required work samples, narratives, or other materials as stated in this announcement, are attached to your application package. Documents can be uploaded under the category of ""Cover Letter"".

All applicants are required to submit a résumé either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.) To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and number of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé. We suggest that you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé tips.


CURRENT AND FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES - Documentation Relating to Your Federal Employment:
Submit a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, which shows your current (or most recent) grade and competitive service status. (To verify your competitive service status, on the SF50, Box 34 ""Position Occupied"" should show a ""1"" and Box 24 ""Tenure"" should show a ""1"" or ""2"".)
If you are currently on a Veterans Recruitment Appointment (VRA), submit a copy of an SF-50 showing that. Also, you must submit a copy of your DD214 or other documentation showing dates of service and type of discharge and any other applicable documents such as SF-15, VA letters, etc.
Indicate on your application the highest permanent grade you have held; if this grade is different from your current grade, submit a copy of an additional SF-50 showing this grade.

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (CTAP) OR INTERAGENCY CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION: If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required documents you must submit in order to be eligible.

If you are applying under a special hiring authority (e.g. Military Spouses, Interchange Agreement, VEOA, VRA, Schedule A Disability, etc.), please see applicant guide for required documentation. In order to be eligible under one of these authorities, you must submit all required documentation as outlined in the applicant guide.

Land Management Eligibles must provide all required documentation to verify eligibility, prior performance, and qualifications for the target position. You can find information on the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act and eligibility HERE. Land Management Eligibles must compete under competitive merit promotion procedures and meet all applicable requirements as such (time-in-grade restrictions do not apply).

PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL: All applicants are required to submit their most recently completed annual performance appraisal (dated within 18 months from the closing date of the vacancy announcement), which identifies your official rating of record (must be at least ""Fully Successful"") and is signed by the supervisor, or a statement explaining why the performance appraisal is unavailable. If you fail to provide a copy of the performance appraisal, or a statement advising why it is unavailable, you will be removed from further consideration.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
All candidates who are: Current or former federal employees qualifying as Status Candidates, Federal employees currently serving on a VRA, VEOA eligibles, CTAP/ICTAP eligible, eligible for special hiring authorities (e.g., the Schedule A appointment for persons with disabilities, or covered by an Interchange Agreement), or Land Management employees eligible through Public Law 114-47"	3701	Washington
Senior Security Analyst	Microsoft	Reston, VA 20190 (Sunset Hills area)	None	"Are you interested in discovering and tracking emerging threats, and using that information to deliver detection to Microsoft and its customers? Do you want to be part of the team that provides security analysis services for products such as Office 365's Advanced Threat Protection? Do you like reversing malwares? We’ll give you malware to analyze. Love coding? There’s plenty to write. Are you a data buff? Then this place is for you! Come join us at Microsoft Threat Intelligence Center (MSTIC) in C&AI Security!
Microsoft Threat Intelligence Center (MSTIC) is looking for an experienced Security Engineer to join the Microsoft Global Research and Response Team. MSTIC is focused on countering adversary-based threats to Microsoft and its customers through production and dissemination of threat intelligence, proactive hunting and incident response, and the development of new tools and approaches to detect adversary activity. The team focuses on tracking emerging email borne threats (malware/phishing), writing detections, hunting for targeted threats/campaign and generating premium threat intelligence content.
Responsibilities
Analyze email messages to identify Phish/Spam/Malware content and come up with strategies to address them
Analyze large datasets to identify Phish/Malware trends;
Provide in-depth / FP / FN analysis for Office 365 Advanced Threat Protection service;
Implement rich security analysis and production quality detection capabilities (Heuristics and Machine Learning) in the cloud;
Hunt for targeted attacks, 0’day exploits and new threats targeting Microsoft and customers;
Generate quality technical reports/blog content on the research, trending threats and their detections
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
3+ years’ experience in the security domain, to include both detailed understanding of attacker techniques and tracking the threat actors behind specific campaigns.
3+ years of experience in Malware Analysis, Reverse Engineering and various sandbox technologies
3+ years of experience in analyzing and responding to email borne threats
Ability to map attacker technique to expected footprint in range of datasets
Big data analysis, correlation at scale
Track record in taking analyst research ideas to production in partnership with developers
Strong knowledge and understanding of TCP/IP protocols and OSI model
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
Preferred Qualifications:
Network penetration testing and intrusion remediation experience.
Reverse-engineering & binary analysis.
Python & scripting knowledge; Jupyter notebooks
Visualization tools.
Expertise in cloud networking, cloud application development & cloud APIs
Expert knowledge in intelligence analysis and reporting using common tools and techniques;
Experience in writing system and network based signatures (Regular Expressions, Yara, ClamAV, Snort)
Good understanding of Data Science technologies and experience with building/customizing Machine learning models
Experience with static and dynamic analysis tools, ex: Ida Pro, Debuggers (Ollydbg /Immunity, Windbg)
Have strong data knowledge, and ability to analyze and present complex data visually in a meaningful way.
Good written and verbal communication skills and an eye for detail.
Ability to work across geographically separated teams
Self-starter and able to deliver under stress, particularly in emergency response situations;
Innovative thinking to solve hard problems in ways that meet both customer and business goals
#AzureSecOpen
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work."	3701	Washington
Homeland Security IT Systems Analyst*	Dynamis Inc	Washington, DC	None	"Description:

Dynamis is seeking a Homeland Security IT Systems Analyst to support a potential contract with the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. The Candidate will provide technical knowledge and analysis of highly specialized applications and operational environment, functional systems analysis, design, integration, documentation, and implementation advice on moderately complex problems that require an appropriate level of knowledge of the subject matter for effective implementation, and apply principles, methods, and knowledge of the IT functional area of capability to specific task order requirements.
Responsibilites
Participate in analysis sessions to support identification of program requirements.
Assist senior consultants with analysis and evaluation
Assist with the preparation of recommendations for system improvements, optimization, development, and/or maintenance efforts in the following specialties: information systems architecture, networking; telecommunications, automation; communications protocols
Risk management/electronic analysis
Software lifecycle management
Software development methodologies, modeling, and simulation.
. Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree
2-4 years of relevant professional experience
Experience with Microsoft Office Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, and SharePoint
Ability to work at the client site in Washington, DC
Ability to obtain DHS Suitability
Ability to Obtain TS Security clearance"	3701	Washington
Senior Business Technology Analyst, CG-301-14	US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation	Washington, DC	$133,791 - $217,363 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Division of Complex Institution Supervision & Resolution (CISR), Operations Branch of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and provides support in organizational change management and communication of CISR IT and security related processes.

Additional selections may be made from this vacancy announcement to fill identical vacancies that occur subsequent to this announcement.

Responsibilities
Determines operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats.
Analyzes business and technical processes to formulate and develop new and modified business information processing systems.
Develops new strategies to mitigate organizational and human impacts of planned changes, and ensures new systems, applications, and processes are properly integrated with existing capabilities and functions.
Identifies, analyzes, and documents risks issues and communicates decisions.
Performs research on any reported problem, plans, proposes solutions, advocates software and systems, coordinates the problem solving process, and ensures that the business standards and business/functional requirements being addressed and documented.
Gathers requirements, creates and maintains reports and provides detailed analysis of the data. Provides detailed analysis of data from various sources and reports on the findings.
Collaborates with business lines to identify, document, and specify business requirements for new or enhanced systems and processes.
Works with end-users to identify, design, test, and implement applications in support of core business operations; document applications features and provide cross-functional training as needed.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Occasional travel may be required.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Registration with the Selective Service.

U.S. Citizenship is required.

Employment Conditions.

Completion of Financial Disclosure may be required.
Qualifications
Qualifying experience may be obtained in the private or public sector. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic, religious/spiritual; community; student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Additional qualifications information can be found here.

To qualify, applicants must have completed at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the 13 grade level or above in the Federal service. Specialized experience is defined as organizing or leading organizational change initiatives, analyzing business processes and information systems, gathering and reporting information to key stakeholders, and developing and overseeing implementation strategies for a program office or agency.

Applicants must have met the qualification requirements (including selective placement factors – if any) for this position within 30 calendar days of the closing date of this announcement.

Applicants eligible for ICTAP (Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program) must achieve a score of 85 “well qualified” for this position. For more information, Click Here.
Education
There is no substitution of education for the experience for this position.
Additional information
If selected, you may be required to serve a probationary or trial period as applicable to appointment type.
To read about your rights and responsibilities as an applicant for Federal employment, click here.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your resume and the online assessment questionnaire will be reviewed, to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements outlined in this announcement. Therefore, it is imperative that your resume contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make the qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

Your resume will also be evaluated to measure your responses to the assessment questions. If you rated yourself higher on the questionnaire than what is supported by your resume, your overall qualifications assessment may be adversely affected.

Top ranked candidates will be referred to the selecting official for further review and consideration.

The competencies/knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) you will be assessed on are listed below.

Knowledge of the process life cycle management principles (creation, operations, and retirement).
Knowledge of how to apply business process engineering, reengineering, and optimization concepts and methods.
Ability to develop strategic and tactical goals, objectives, and associated measures to support mission success.
Skill in communication to develop and present material and recommendations to management

You do not need to respond separately to these KSAs. Your answers to the online questionnaire and resume will serve as responses to the KSAs.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Moderate Risk (MR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Failure to provide all of the required documentation as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible determination or may affect your consideration status. Please review the following to determine your eligibility and which document(s) is required to complete your application:

VETERANS EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY ACT (VEOA) ELIGIBLES AND SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITIES FOR VETERANS: If you are applying for consideration under VEOA and special hiring authorities for veterans, click here. You must submit documentation (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, SF-15, etc.) to demonstrate veterans’ eligibility.

SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITIES FOR PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES: If you are applying for consideration under special appointing authorities for people with disabilities, you will be required to provide proof of disability documentation to specify that you are a person who (1) has a severe physical disability; (2) an intellectual disability; or (3) a psychiatric disability. The documentation does NOT need to detail your specific disability, medical history, or need for accommodation, however; the letter MUST clearly state that you are eligible for appointment under this authority and that your eligibility is based on a severe physical disability; an intellectual disability; or a psychiatric disability. THE DOCUMENTATION MUST HAVE BEEN OBTAINED FROM: (a). Licensed medical professionals; or (b). State or private vocational rehabilitation specialists; or (c). Any Government agency (e.g., VA, etc.) that issues or provides disability benefit. THE DOCUMENTATION MUST INCLUDE: a statement that you are eligible based on one of the following: severe physical disability, an intellectual disability, or a psychiatric disability. To view sample Schedule A proof of disability letters, click here, and for more information on this special appointing authority, click here. Please note that employees hired under this Schedule A hiring authority will be required to complete a Standard Form 256 to identify their disability status.
INTERAGENCY TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (ICTAP): If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee eligible for consideration under the ICTAP, you must submit proof of eligibility. For more information, click here.
CURRENT FEDERAL EMPLOYEES OR REINSTATEMENT ELIGIBLES WITH COMPETITIVE STATUS: A copy of your most recent SF Form 50, Notification of Personnel Action that shows: (1) permanent or career-conditional tenure (codes 1 or 2, in block 24), and (2) position occupied in the competitive service (code 1, in block 34). If reinstatement eligible include your Career/Career conditional SF-50. To be considered as a non-competitive eligible candidate, the SF-50 must show the highest grade level or full performance level applicant has attained competitively on a permanent basis, and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying.
NONCOMPETITIVE CONVERSION ELIGIBLES UNDER A PATHWAYS PROGRAM: If you are applying under this noncompetitive conversion authority, you must provide proof of program completion. A letter from your current agency certifying completion is acceptable documentation.
FDIC EMPLOYEES: Submit a final digitally signed copy of your most recent Annual Performance Appraisal and Evaluation form. The final PDF form is also acceptable. If you want to be considered non-competitively include a copy of your SF-50. The SF-50 must show the highest grade level or full performance level applicant has attained competitively on a permanent basis, and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
In addition to the regular benefits offered by Federal agencies, the FDIC offers additional benefits to its employees. These benefits, some at minimal cost, are some of the best and most competitive in both the private and public sectors.

To find out more, click here.

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Applicants with status (i.e., current permanent Federal employees in the competitive service and former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility) and those eligible for appointment under special hiring authorities; in the local commuting area; and veterans eligible for VEOA appointment."	3701	Washington
Mobile Security Analyst, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Washington, DC	None	"Key Role:
Perform forensic analysis of digital information and gather and handle evidence. Use forensically sound procedures to identify network and mobile device intrusion evidence and identify perpetrators. Apply expertise in technical principles, theories, and concepts in the field. Contribute to the completion of specific programs and projects. Perform mobile application security vetting to determine the vulnerabilities and risks of deploying applications to an enterprise architecture.
Basic Qualifications:
Experience with one or more Mobile Security or Mobile Device Management tools, including Forensic Toolkit (FTK), AirWatch, Steel Talon, or CellebriteKnowledge of Windows, Linux, or Android operating systems, including registry, services, memory management, and security protectionsAbility to analyze and document procedures for investigationsTop Secret clearanceHS diploma or GED
Additional Qualifications:Experience with mobile device forensicsExperience with making security recommendations for mobile devicesExperience with mobile application vettingExperience with LinuxPossession of excellent verbal and written communication skills
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	3701	Washington
Functional Analyst, Senior	Alion Science and Technology	Arlington, VA	None	"Job Description
The analyst provides analytical, technical, functional integration and technical support to the F-35 Joint Program Office (JPO), Logistics & Support Products Integrated Product Team (IPT) within the F-35 Lightning II Joint Program Office. Emphasis is on concurrent integrated development of the logistics infrastructure: Support Equipment, Training, Supportable Low Observable Joint Tech Data and Preventative Health Management for the JSF Air System. The analyst will work with the US Services, international participants and contractors in an integrated team environment to coordinate resource requirements to develop and field an affordable and effective weapon system that is sustainable worldwide.
DUTIES:Provide direct support to the Logistics & Support Products IPT Lead to include technical support, workflow management, program execution and action officer dutiesFunctional Integration of Logistics & Support Products with other Integrated Product TeamsCoordinate Activities across Logistics & Support Products and other directorates & product teamsMust be able to communicate program objectives and program status effectively and conciselyPerform research and analysis to find best value solutions for the F-35 Logistics infrastructureAnalyze trade Study results and suggest cost effective solutionsReview analysis of national and international processes to determine their effect on the course of the assigned programsEvaluate and interpret manpower studiesInform the IPT lead of expense requirements to be included in the budget for IPT membersTrack Earned Value and Integrated Master Schedule data and alert the IPT Lead on cost and schedule irregularitiesPerform other functions and self-initiated tasks required to execute the organization’s objectives and responsibilities
Security Clearance: Secret
Employee Type:
Full-Time
Location:
Arlington, VA
Job Type:
Other
Experience:
Not Specified
Date Posted:
6/21/2021
Job ID:
36707"	3701	Washington
Intelligence Analyst, Senior	US U.S. Postal Service	Washington, DC	$81,470 - $118,170 a year	"Duties
Summary
The mission of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service is to support and protect the U.S. Postal Service and its employees, infrastructure, and customers; enforce the laws that defend the nation's mail system from illegal or dangerous use; and ensure public trust in the mail. The Analytics and Cybercrime Group supports all Inspection Service investigations to include narcotics, workplace violence, cybersecurity investigations and mail theft amongst others.
Responsibilities
Performs oversight, coordination, training, and evaluation of headquarters intelligence development, investigative analyses, and audit activities; develops methods and practices governing the development and distribution of strategic and tactical analytic services and products. Oversees investigative analyst training programs, including monitoring and evaluation of career progression program, and the development of performance standards and certification processes.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Collaborates with headquarters and field personnel in the development of quantitative and qualitative standards for use in the collection, evaluation and reporting of intelligence data and investigative analyses.
Provides direction to field analytic units for the development of data gathering methods, analytic product metrics, and procedures for the dissemination of information and intelligence.
Monitors and evaluates investigative analyst initiatives, programs, and projects to ensure appropriate utilization and allocation of analytical resources at the field and headquarters level.
Develops and implements analytic performance indicators, targets in support of strategic planning, forecasting, training, and operational performance.
Participates in the planning, coordination, and implementation of comprehensive special studies, national criminal forecast and profiles, and inter-agency intelligence research to support decision making.
Designs and develops formal communications related to national and global strategic trends, forecasts of investigative and audit activities, and emerging criminal patterns and networks.
Oversees the development of headquarters and field information technology system requirements for data collection, research, and intelligence formulation and validation.
Oversees the planning and coordination of analyst training and development initiatives, and develops procedures to monitor and assesses the effectiveness of internal and external training and development programs.
Provides technical advice, program guidance, and testimonial services to federal, state, and local law enforcement communities on intelligence development and analytic initiatives; serves on inter-agency, national, and global task groups addressing current and emerging criminal trends and recommend solutions.
Develops intelligence data and analysis through the use of software or data mining tools.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Occasional domestic and international travel may be required.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
23 - EAS-23.
Job family (Series)
0132 Intelligence
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen.
Qualifications
Knowledge of information technology sufficient to research and communicate with internal and external secure electronic databases.
Ability to design quantitative and qualitative evaluative methods to ensure integrity, quality, and reliability of intelligence data and analytic products.
Ability to implement analytic performance indicators, targets, and metrics related to organizational strategies and information technology requirements.
Ability to effectively communicate both orally and in writing to clearly convey information, findings, and recommendations to varied audiences, both internal and external about strategic trends, patterns, and networks.
Ability to plan, coordinate, and implement special studies, national criminal forecast and profiles, and inter-agency research to increase organizational effectiveness and decision-making.
Ability to plan, coordinate, and analyze training initiatives and programs.
Ability to oversee and coordinate the work of others to achieve program or project objectives, including monitoring performance, facilitating the flow of work-related information, and providing technical guidance.
Knowledge of investigative, security, and preventative activities relating to the mission, role and various jurisdictions of law enforcement.
DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS: Experience with conducting cryptocurrency analysis; Experience with internet investigations, including internet research and analysis across the dark and clear web; Technical Certifications: Network+, Security+, CySA+, CEH, CISSP; Experience in providing presentations to various levels of leadership and audiences to include Executive Leadership; Experience with using SQL or scripts to analyze data and draw conclusions from that data

Qualified applicant must successfully pass a drug screening.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
BENEFITS:

The salary will be based on previous experience, and current postal pay policies. We offer excellent benefits including health and life insurance, retirement plan, savings/investment plan with employer contribution, flexible spending, flextime scheduling of core work hours, annual and sick leave.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume and supporting documents to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. We will evaluate each applicant who meets the basic qualifications on the information provided and evaluate your relevant professional, educational, and work experiences as it relates to fundamental competencies, identified in the Qualifications section above, required for this position.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Top Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Required Documents

Required Documents
Please read the ""How To Apply"" section.
Benefits

Benefits
Review our benefits
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
Applicants must be a U.S. citizen or have permanent resident alien status. Current career Postal Service employees are ineligible to apply to this posting."	3701	Washington
Management and Program Analyst	US Department of Energy	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is part of the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department Of Energy. As a Management and Program Analyst, you will analyze and evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency with which assigned DOE organizations and their components carry out their programs and functions and to develop information, advice, and recommendations for management to use in making decisions on the administrative and programmatic aspects of agency operations and management.
Responsibilities
As a Management and Program Analyst, you will:
Serve as an analyst and/or advisor to senior program officials with responsibility for analyzing and evaluating a major mission-critical program and its operations or a DOE-wide functional program office with impact across field components.
Provide technical guidance and advice on the most appropriate method or procedure of analysis and evaluation to accomplish the mission and ensure optimum management strategy.
Formulate and identify the operational and analytical techniques for accomplishment of project objectives to produce reliable findings.
Interpret, review, and analyze broad policies, regulations, procedures, and system(s) requirements developed or issued by higher authority to determine their impact on operations of the assigned program or function and is responsible for their effective application, adapting and implement them as needed to reflect the needs of the assigned area.
Formulate and identify the operational and analytical techniques for accomplishment of project objectives to produce reliable findings.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Occasional travel may be required to attend meetings, training and/or conferences.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Management Analysts
Program Analysts
Program Management Analyst
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a United States Citizen.
This employer participates in the e-Verify program.
Males must abide by Selective Service registration requirements.
Subject to satisfactory security and suitability requirements
This position is covered by the bargaining unit.
Qualifications
SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: A qualified candidate's online application and resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS-13) in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position is defined as managing performance management activities and utilizes performance measurement information to establish performance goals for programs; provide information to management on policy or program directions to meet performance goals and reports on the status and success in meeting performance goals; formulate budgets by developing budget narratives, requests, justifications and submissions.
The OPM Group Qualification Standard for this position is: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0300/management-and-program-analysis-series-0343/

Your application and resume should demonstrate that you possess the following competencies. Do not provide a separate narrative written statement. Rather, you must describe in your resume how your past work experience demonstrates that you possess the competencies identified below. Use specific examples of employment or experience contained in your resume and describe how this experience has prepared you to successfully perform the duties of this position.
Administration and Management
Database Administration
Organizational Development
Problem Solving

""Experience"" refers to paid and unpaid experience. Examples of qualifying unpaid experience may include: volunteer work done through National Service programs (such as Peace Corps and AmeriCorps); as well as work for other community-based philanthropic and social organizations. Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills; and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Time-in-Grade: Current Federal employees must meet time-in-grade requirements by the closing date of this announcement to receive consideration. CTAP/ICTAP candidates: To be considered ""well qualified"" you must meet all of the requirements as described in this section. You must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date of this announcement.
Education
This position does not require a positive education requirement. Education cannot substituted for specialized experience for this position.

Additional information
The U.S. Department of Energy fosters a diverse and inclusive workplace and is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

New employees to the Department of Energy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.
Veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. For more information, please visit the links at the bottom of this page or visit the FedsHireVets website.
If you believe that you are eligible for the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP), please visit the OPM ICTAP/CTAP website for more information. In order to be considered under the ICTAP program, your application must score within the pre-established ""well qualified"" category as stated in the Qualifications section.
More than one selection may be made from this vacancy announcement.
Some positions may require completion of a probationary period of up to 1 (one) year.
Many positions require successful completion of a background investigation.
Your performance appraisal and incentive awards will be given due consideration in the selection process based on their relation to the duties of the position and the consistency with which they may be considered in evaluating you against other candidates.

Hiring incentives may be authorized in accordance with agency policy and if funding is available.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the eligibility and qualification requirements above. Once the announcement closes, we will conduct a review of your application package to verify your eligibility and qualifications. If you are found qualified, your application will move forward to additional phases of the review process.

Merit Promotion & VEOA Procedures: If you are minimally qualified for this job, your responses to the self-assessment questions (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions) will be evaluated to determine if you are a best qualified candidate. If you rate yourself higher than is supported by your application materials, your responses may be adjusted and/or you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Due weight will also be given to federal employees, when applicable, for performance appraisals and awards in accordance with 5 CFR § 335.103(b)(3). Federal employees must meet time-in-grade requirements and current employees must have at least a fully successful or equivalent performance rating to receive consideration.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities, and other characteristics):
Administration and Management
Database Administration
Organizational Development
Problem Solving

Non-competitive Procedures: If you are applying under a non-competitive or special hiring authority, you will still be required to answer the assessment questions. However, you will not be evaluated against the rating and ranking criteria.
Your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine if you are minimally qualified for this job. Veterans' Preference will be applied when required by the hiring authority (e.g., VRA, Schedule A).

All qualified Non-competitive applicants and the best qualified Merit Promotion and VEOA applicants will be referred to the hiring manager for consideration.

Career Transition Assistance Programs: To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet the eligibility criteria; and 2) be rated ""well-qualified"", which is defined as having a score of 85 or better.

You must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date ( 06/23/2021) of this announcement.

To preview the Assessment Questionnaire, click https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11143030.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you MUST provide a complete application package which includes:

Your RESUMEshowing all relevant work experience (paid and unpaid) including: duties performed; full name and address of the each employer; start and end dates (month/day/year); work schedule (part-time, full-time, number of hours if intermittent); salary; and any completed education and training (program title, subject area, number of hours completed, and completion date).
Cover Letter, optional, expressing additional information not covered in your resume.
Transcripts, if specific educational requirements are indicated in this job announcement. Unofficial transcripts or any report listing institution, course title, credits earned (semester or quarter hour) and final grade is acceptable. It is your responsibility to provide adequate proof that you meet the educational requirements.
Submit one or more of the following to support your eligibility(s) to apply to this job announcement:
SF-50, ""Notification of Personnel Action"" (current/former federal employees): Most recent Promotion, Within Rate Increase (WRI/WGI), or Appointment/Conversion SF-50 or Notification of Personnel Action showing you are/were in the competitive service and the highest grade or promotion potential held.
Veterans: DD-214 Member Copy 4 showing type of discharge/character of service; current active duty members- certification of expected discharge or release from active duty under honorable conditions dated within 120 days; SF-15 Form and related documentation; VA letter. For more information visit the USAJOBS Help Center & OPM CHCOC website for VOW information.
Individuals with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician, local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing your eligibility under 5 CFR 213.3102 (u). For more information visit the USAJOBS Help Center.
Certain Military Spouses: Permanent Change of Station (PCS) orders authorizing you to accompany the Military member to the new duty permanent station; OR verification of the member's 100% disability (VA Letter); and/or verification of the member's death while on active duty (DD-1300 and Death Certificate) AND verification of the marriage to the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation verifying marriage). For more information visit the USAJOBS Help Center.
Other non-competitive or special appointing authorities: provide documentation which supports your eligibility.
Career Transition Assistance Program/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program documentation, if applicable(e.g., Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed Removal; SF-50 that documents the RIF separation action; and most recent performance appraisal.) For more information see the OPM Guide to Career Transition.
Failure to submit any of the above mentioned required documents may result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Status Candidates (Merit Promotion and VEOA Eligibles): Applications will be accepted from current and former competitive service Federal employees, and people eligible under special hiring authorities such as the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA), Veterans Recruitment Appointment (VRA), Disabilities Program, etc."	3701	Washington
Senior Program Analyst	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Senior Program Analyst(Job Number: 050779)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking a Senior Associate to join its Risk service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Senior Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Support the development of solutions that address organization challenges, support project objectives often by leading assigned engagement tasks to completion within scope and budget constraints.
Ensure deliverable requirements are met.
Independently perform a major segment of the compliance reviews.
Direct and instruct the work of junior reviewers/auditors.
Review completed work and direct revisions if necessary.
Make decisions on routine hospital reviews and reporting matters with the assistance of the manager and partner.
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
Qualifications

Consumer Compliance
Business Process Optimization
Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.
Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.
Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	3701	Washington
Senior Intelligence Analyst	Raytheon Intelligence & Space	McLean, VA 22102	None	"Businesses Raytheon Intelligence & Space
Clearance type Secret
Relocation eligible No
Job ID 168338BR
Date posted 09/21/2020
City McLean
State VA
Country United States
Raytheon Technologies is seeking a motivated and experienced Linguistic Analyst for a legacy language based project with a native level fluency in one of the following languages: Arabic, Turkish,Swahili, Somali, Tuareg, Hausa, African French, Bahasa/Indonesian, Pashto, Uzbek or Urdu. You will be part of a linguistic analytical team providing operational language/translation support to in a highly fluid and fast paced environment in Herndon, VA.


You must be proficient at reviewing and analyzing complex foreign language source material for content and significance; transcribing/translating advanced graphic and/or voice language material into modern American English or a targeted language in either verbatim or gisted format; providing detailed assessments of current events based on the collection, research and analysis of open source information foreign language material; providing quality control of transcripts and translations; preparing and providing quality control of reports; preparing and presenting detailed and unique technical briefings; and sharing language expertise. You should be adept in multiple social media platforms.

You may also perform activities across analytical linguistic disciplines including but not limited to: linguistic review, analysis and reporting; all-source analytic research, training and reporting; analytic methodology development, training and application; employment of various analytic capabilities. You may assist in developing and maintaining relationships and partnerships with customers, stakeholders, peers, and partners.

You must be able to adapt when facing changes in the work environment while maintaining effectiveness. Seek new areas for learning while creating and taking advantage of those opportunities. As a member of a team participate in the completion of goals. Provide an individual or groups with clear information or ideas through a variation of media. With any work situation be open to try unique ways to deal with problems.

Primary responsibilities include:

Reviews and analyzes foreign language source material for content and significance
Transcribes/translates advanced graphic and/or voice language material into modern American English or a targeted language in either verbatim or gisted format
Prepares assessments of current events based on the collection, research, analysis and interpretations of classified and open source information foreign language material
Provides quality control of transcripts, translations and reports
Develops and implements translation methodology and quality control procedures and standards
Drafts and presents technical briefings
Shares language expertise
Operates transcription equipment.
This position requires an active U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. This position is contingent upon program/customer concurrence. Candidates must be willing to undergo a rigorous background check.

Required Skills:

Must be fluent (written and verbal) in one of the following languages:
Arabic, Turkish, Swahili, Somali, Tuareg, Hausa, African French, Bahasa/Indonesian, Albanian, Bosnian, Macedonian, Serbo-Croatian,Pashto, Uzbek or Urdu
5 or more years of experience with Open Source Technology
Desired Skills:

Adept with multiple Social Media platforms
Current US Secret Clearance or higher preferred
Required Education (including Major):

Bachelor's degree or 8 years experience in lieu of degree.
168338

Raytheon Technologies is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status."	3701	Washington
Regulatory Impact Analyst	US Environmental Protection Agency	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
***This announcement has been amended to extend the closing date to June 21, 2021.***

This position is in the Office of the Administrator, Office of Policy, Office of Regulatory Policy and Management, Policy and Regulatory Analysis Division.

If selected, you must work at the location stated in this announcement.

About: The Office of the Administrator

Responsibilities
You will:
Monitor key Agency regulatory program components to advise and make recommendations to the Division Director regarding regulation and policy options.
Participate on work groups to collaborate with managers, other programs and core office staff to assist in developing Agency wide regulations and policies.
Analyze applicable Agency policy, federal regulations, and program guidance to identify, address, and prioritize important policy issues.
Provide guidance to Agency senior management by presenting alternative approaches based on increased flexibility, efficiency and effectiveness to influence policy decisions.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
If you are selected, a pre-employment background check is required.
You may be required to travel less 25% of each month.
You must submit a resume and required documents-see How to Apply section.
You must be a U.S. citizen.
If you are selected, you may be required to complete a one-year probationary period.

This position is designated as Moderate Risk and requires a background investigation. Unless an appropriate background investigation is already on record with the Office of Personnel Management, you must undergo a background investigation. All conditions of the pre-employment security process must be met before an official letter of employment can be issued with a report for duty date.
Qualifications
We are looking for at least one year of specialized experience related to this position as described below:

To qualify for the GS-14 level, you need to have at least one full year of experience at the GS-13 level defined as analyzing scientific, economic, and/or environmental data to identify and recommend alternative options; collaborating with stakeholders on the development of regulations and/or policies; and developing data reports and briefing materials to convey policy options to varying levels of management.

Your answers to the online assessment will be used to evaluate your competencies in the following areas: 1) Skill in applying environmental public policy, regulations and guidelines; 2) Knowledge of regulatory programs; 3) Skill in interpreting broad environmental policies, guidance and regulations; 4) Skill in problem solving techniques related to environmental policy; 5) Skill in developing analytical studies to identify program policy issues; 6) Skill in making policy recommendations to senior management; 7) Skill in oral communication; 8) Skill in written communication.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

If you have part-time work experience, read this: EPA Announcement Policies and Procedures.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
This position is in the bargaining unit.

Are you a Displaced Federal Employee? If so, please read the Required Documents section and visit the EPA website for additional information: EPA Announcement Policies and Procedures

EPA participates in E-Verify. E-Verify is an Internet based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in partnership with the Social Security Administration (SSA) that enables participating employers to electronically verify the employment eligibility of their newly hired employees. For additional information: EPA Announcement Policies and Procedures.

If you are selected, travel, transportation, and relocation expenses will not be paid by EPA. Any travel, transportation, and relocation expenses associated with reporting to work in this position will be your responsibility.

Except in special circumstances, those new to the federal government will be hired at the starting salary (step 1) of the applicable grade range listed above.

This position has portable work. If selected for this position, you may be authorized to telework after meeting eligibility requirements if approved by the supervisor/manager. Telework is available based on agency policy and/or applicable collective bargaining agreement which may not allow for full-time telework. NOTE: The agency is currently utilizing maximum telework flexibilities due to COVID. Once normal operations resume, you will be required to report to the location stated in this announcement.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume and required documents to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. Your resume must address the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed in the Qualifications section. If you meet basic qualification requirements, your application will be further evaluated based on your answers to the online assessment. Your responses to the online assessment will be used to measure the degree to which your background matches the requirements for the position. You are being evaluated under the category rating method which means, if you are determined to be qualified, you will be placed into the ‘Best Qualified’, ‘Well Qualified’, or ‘Qualified’ category.

We will compare your resume and supporting documentation to your responses on the assessment questionnaire. If you rate yourself higher than is supported by your application materials, your responses may be adjusted and/or you may be excluded from consideration for this job. We will evaluate your qualifications and eligibility and notify you if you meet minimum qualification requirements. If you are referred for consideration, you may be subject to additional assessments.

NOTE: We do not require a separate statement responding to the competencies, also referred to as Knowledges, Skills, and Abilities (KSAs). However, your resume should clearly show possession of these competencies.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
Documents to be submitted online:

NOTE: You should ensure your social security number, date of birth, and any other personal information are redacted.
-Resume clearly stating your experience related to this position as described in the Duties section and Qualifications section. In describing your experience, you need to be clear and specific. We may not make assumptions regarding your experience.
-Responses to the online assessment questionnaire (you must complete this online - it is not a document you need to upload).
-Veterans' Preference Documents:
Separated veterans claiming 5-point preference:
DD-214 Member 4 copy (or other copy indicating character of service) or other official document/statement from the Armed Forces showing separation, discharge, or release from active duty; document must show separation is under honorable conditions (Honorable or General Discharge)
Separated veterans claiming 10-point preference based on compensable service-connected disability of 10% or more:
DD-214 Member 4 copy (or other copy indicating character of service); document must show separation is under honorable conditions (Honorable or General Discharge); and
VA letter stating overall/combined disability rating (percentage); and
SF-15 (use current version: SF-15 Form) (see page 2 for documents that can be submitted in lieu of the DD-214 and VA letter)
Other separated veterans claiming 10-point preference OR spouses, widows/widowers, or mothers claiming 10-point derived preference:
SF-15 (use current version: SF-15 Form); and
Other required documentation indicated on the SF-15
Active duty service members:
Certification from the armed forces documenting active duty dates, expected discharge/release date, campaign medals/badges, and character of service (a certification is any written document from the armed forces that certifies you are expected to be discharged/released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions (Honorable or General Discharge) within 120 days after you submit the certification)
-Displaced Federal employees under ICTAP/CTAP: copy of your most recent performance appraisal, proof of eligibility, and your most current SF-50 noting position, grade level, tenure, and duty station.
To learn more about submitting documentation, visit Uploading Documents to USAJOBS.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Join EPA in protecting human health and the environment and enjoy many work life quality options! Working for the EPA offers you a comprehensive benefits package that includes, in part, paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life insurance, health benefits, and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System. To learn more about us, visit Life and Careers at EPA.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
U. S. Citizens"	3701	Washington
Administrative Staff Officer	US Defense Logistics Agency	Fort Belvoir, VA	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
See below for important information regarding this job.
Responsibilities
Please note, during the COVID-19 Pandemic, the Agency is operating in a maximum telework posture for all telework ready employees occupying a telework eligible position.
Serves as senior analyst technical advisor for the Travel and Government Travel Charge Card Program.
Responsible for resolving complex problems offering guidance in the implementation of new policies, system errors and performance issues, and revised regulations.
Manages and monitors the use of the travel charge card accounts and briefing various levels of management.
Performs projects related to assigned administrative programs to include analysis of new or changing requirements and their impact on organizational effectiveness and efficiency.
Researches regulations, manuals, directives, and historical files to obtain data and /or information to be used to formulate recommendations to management.
Responsible for planning, implementing, and managing policies and procedures related to the effectiveness and efficiency of programs' operations.
Analyzes existing Programs' policies or practices that may be incongruent with policies and practices and recommend practical solutions to management.
Acts independently to establish policy and procedures concerning the administration, flow and operational control over management support functions.
Reviews requirements, analyzes and prioritizes, making independent adjustments for administrative programs and management functions.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. citizen
Tour of Duty: Set Schedule
Security Requirements: Non-Critical Sensitive
Appointment is subject to the completion of a favorable suitability or fitness determination, where reciprocity cannot be applied; unfavorably adjudicated background checks will be grounds for removal.
Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA): Exempt
Selective Service Requirement: Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service.
Recruitment Incentives: Not Authorized
Bargaining Unit Status: No
Qualifications
To qualify for an Administrative Staff Officer your resume and supporting documentation must support:

Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience that equipped you with the particular competencies to successfully perform the duties of the position and is directly in or related to this position. To qualify at the GS-12 level, applicants must possess one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level or equivalent under other pay systems in the Federal service, military, or private sector. Applicants must meet eligibility requirements including time-in-grade (General Schedule (GS) positions only), time-after-competitive appointment, minimum qualifications, and any other regulatory requirements by the cut-off/closing date of the announcement. Creditable specialized experience includes:
Day-to-Day administration of operations for the Travel, DTS and Government Travel Charge Card Programs, reviewing plans and programs for propriety and feasibility
Knowledge of organizational management as applied to the management of large, complex organizations, administrative management, organizational routines, administrative theories, principles, applicable policies, and concepts.


Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
Substitution of education may not be used in lieu of specialized experience for this grade level.
.
Additional information
MILITARY SPOUSE PREFERENCE: In order to receive this preference you must choose to apply using the ""Priority Placement Program, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP)"" eligibility. If you are claiming military spouse preference and are determined to be among the Best Qualified for the position, you will be referred to the hiring manager as a priority applicant.

For Important General Applicant Information and Definitions go to: http://www.dla.mil/portals/104/documents/careers/GenAppInfoDef.pdf

Reemployed Annuitants: This position does not meet criteria for appointment of Reemployed Annuitants. The DoD criteria for hiring Reemployed Annuitants can be found at: http://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf

INFORMATION FOR VETERANS is available at: http://www.dla.mil/Careers/Programs/veterans.aspx. As of 23 December 2016, Military retirees seeking to enter federal service in the Department of Defense now require a waiver if they would be appointed within 180 days following their official date of retirement.

DRUG-FREE WORKPLACE:The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) has established a Drug-Free Federal Workplace Policy. All applicants tentatively selected for DLA employment in a testing designated position are subject to urinalysis to screen for illegal drug use prior to appointment. Applicants who refuse to be tested will be denied employment with DLA for a period of six months. This policy extends to random testing for the use of illegal drugs by employees who occupy testing designated positions defined as sensitive in Section 7(d) of Executive Order 12564. The Defense Logistics Agency's Drug Free Workplace Plan's drug testing panel includes testing for the following illegal substances: marijuana, cocaine, opiates (codeine/morphine), 6-Acetylmorphine (heroin), phencyclidine, amphetamines (amphetamine/methamphetamine), methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA), methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA), oxycodone, oxymorphone, hydrocodone, and hydromorphone. ADVISORY: By using cannabidiol (CBD) products you are risking a positive drug test result for marijuana.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
The assessments for this job will measure the following Competencies:

Administrative and Management
Program Management
Oral Communication


Once the application process is complete, a review of your resume and supporting documentation may be completed and compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine if you are qualified for this job. The rating you receive is based on your responses to the assessment questionnaire. The score is a measure of the degree to which your background matches the competencies required for this position. If your resume and/or supporting documentation is reviewed and a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position you must provide a complete Application Package. Each Application Package MUST include:

Your Resume listing work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment and duties performed. If multiple resumes are submitted by an applicant, only the last resume submitted will be reviewed for the qualifications and referred for selection consideration if eligible. IMPORTANT NOTE: Ensure that your resume does not contain any specialized characters, fonts, typefaces or formatting (e.g. tables, macros, etc.). It is also recommended that you convert/save your resume as a PDF prior to attaching to your application.
Applicable documents to support the eligibility(s) for which you are applying. Please review the following link for a listing of the additional documents you will need to provide: Supporting Documents.


If you are claiming Military Spouse Preference, you must submit the following supporting documents with your application package: Marriage Certificate or License; Signed Self-Certification Checklist (must be certified within 30 days); Veterans' Preference documentation (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, Statement of Service, if applicable); Transcripts (if applicable). These documents must provide acceptable information to verify: Residency within the commuting area of your sponsor's permanent duty station (PDS); proof of marriage to the active duty sponsor; proof of military member's active duty status; and other documentation required by the vacancy announcement to which you are applying. NOTE: Previous federal employees must also submit the following additional documentation: SF-50s (e.g., LWOP, highest grade held, overseas appointments, etc.), SF-75 information, and documentation of performance rating of record (dated within the last 12 months).
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Individuals with disabilities
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Military spouses
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Agency means current permanent DoD employees in the commuting area. Veterans eligibilities include 30% or more Disabled Vet, Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA). Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles may also apply."	3701	Washington
Administrative Specialist	US Mine Safety and Health Administration	Arlington, VA	$49,157 - $78,167 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Directorate of Program Evaluation and Information Resources (PEIR), of the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA). The incumbent works directly for the Management Analyst Officer and performs a variety of analytical and advisory tasks in support of program administration.

This position is OUTSIDE the bargaining unit.

Responsibilities
This is a career ladder progression position; the duties described below are at the full performance level, GS-09. If selected at the GS-07 grade level, the incumbent will serve in a developmental capacity, wherein the work is less complex in nature and the supervisor or a senior level employee provides specific instruction and guidance.

Duties at the GS-09 grade level:

Serves as a Purchase Card Holder for the office. Coordinates office procurement activities for property, equipment, supplies, and services. Ensures appropriate goods or services are received before processing expenditures for certification and payment. Responsible for submitting accurate and timely monthly reconciliation data into the Agency's financial management system for the purpose of review, certification, approval, and payment. Responds to all inquiries regarding purchase card usage and expenditures.
Manages office supply purchases/inventories for the office. Considers office supply requirements and assures that they are valid. Documents all requests for supplies/services and tracks the receipt and distribution of supplies with the area office. Follows-up on delayed/delinquent deliveries and keeps the requester informed regarding the status of supply requests. Serves as the Accountable Property Custodian for the office. Ensures that property, space, and equipment are maintained, repaired, modified, and/or excessed in accordance with property management policies and guidelines. Prepares procurement documents for the acquisition/disposal of equipment and supplies. Oversees and/or conducts the annual physical Inventory of all office accountable property. Coordinates service/repair calls for office equipment assigned to the Office.
Coordinates the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) program at the Office level. This includes ensuring FOIAs are processed and tracked in accordance with FOIA rules and exemptions and local guidance and policies; and monitoring FOIA fee collection reports and ensuring that payment correspondence is prepared and delivered in accordance with FOIA and Agency guidelines.
Reviews non-technical materials, correspondence, documents prepared for signature of or requiring coordination by the Director for conformance with regulations, completeness, grammar, format, and special policies of the agency. Determines if all necessary background materials are attached to documents and returns document(s) to originator for correction when not in conformance with known policy or when regulations have not been followed. Prepares, into final form, a variety or letters, memoranda, and reports involving technical terminology and complicated formats. May draft routine replies for Director, using own knowledge of Agency functions and guidelines. Establishes and maintains manual and automated filing systems for area office correspondence, reports, and other official documentation.
Serves as the office timekeeper, and is responsible for monitoring the Agency's time and attendance system. Maintains automated and/or manual records of leave and attendance, and inputs data in the automated system as needed. Researches and responds to employee questions regarding time and attendance data (e.g., leave balances, premium pay, holidays, etc.). Monitors the automated time and attendance system to assure the timely and accurate validation of timesheets by employees, and certification by managers. Performs time and attendance leave audits as required.
Serves as the office central point of contact on matters pertaining to program and administrative work processes. This includes personnel matters such as: assisting the supervisor in a wide variety of personnel actions such as recruitment, promotions, or reassignments of office employees; tracking performance appraisal; reviewing accident reports and incidents. Advises managers regarding the submission of performance appraisals, monitors supervisory progress in completing appraisals, and tracks the submissions of performance appraisals.
Serves as the travel program point of contact for the area office. Prepares and processes travel authorizations and vouchers for the Director and office staff. Prepares travel authorizations for blanket and specific travel, and maintains records pertaining to employees' travel activities. Manages the Government Owned Vehicles program for the Office in accordance with Agency policy and procedures.
Assists in managing the Director's schedule by priorities at her/his own discretion, and setting-up, rearranging or declining appointments as necessary. Assist the Director in coordinating and scheduling official travel arrangements. Maintains contact with the Director while she/he is away from the office, providing information on office functions and operations, taking messages, and scheduling later appointments for callers and visitors. Keeps office managers abreast of appointments and briefs on subject matters as necessary.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Some travel may be required to attend meetings or training not available at the duty station.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
09 - There is no obligation to provide future promotions if you are selected. Promotions are dependent on your ability to perform the duties at a higher level, meet all the performance requirements, and supervisor’s recommendation to the next grade.
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Appointment to this position may require a background investigation.
Requires a probationary period if the requirement has not been met.
Must be at least 16 years old and a U.S. Citizen.
Applicants must meet time-in-grade, time-after-competitive-appointment and qualifications requirements within 30 calendar days after the closing date of the vacancy to be eligible for consideration for selection.

Federal Employees Please Note: Your SF-50 must include enough information to be able to determine that time-in-grade requirements have been met and reflects your position title, pay plan/series/grade, tenure and the type of appointment (i.e. competitive/excepted). In some cases you may need to submit more than one SF-50.

Reference the ""Required Documents"" section for additional requirements.
Qualifications
For the GS-07:
Applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level, GS-5, in the Federal Service. This experience may have been gained either in the Federal or private sectors. Specialized Experience is defined as experience that has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

Specialized experience for this position at the GS-7 grade level is performing a variety of administrative functions, examples of such include:

Experience conducting studies and analyses of administrative concerns to improve office operations;
Ability to effectively communicate with principal organization leadership on sensitive administrative/management concerns;
Ability to meet and deal with a wide variety of organization stakeholders representing organization leadership interests in confidence;
Experience reviewing and editing a variety of administrative and management documents to ensure content accuracy, proper grammar and spelling;
Experience coordinating office procurement activities for property, equipment, supplies and services;
Experience in managing multiple and frequently simultaneous priorities combined with the ability to research and successfully resolve complex problems or situations involving assigned areas of responsibility; and,
Experience coordinating the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) program to include fee collection and payment correspondence.

OR, Possess 1 full year of graduate level education leading to a graduate degree which has provided me the knowledge, skills and abilities to successfully perform the duties of this position.

OR, Possess an equivalent combination of specialized experience as described in the vacancy announcement and graduate level education that has provided you with the required knowledge, skills and abilities necessary to do the work of the position.

OR, Possess a bachelor's degree in a related field that has provided you with the knowledge, skills and abilities necessary to do the work of this position and Superior Academic Achievement (SAA) based on one of the following: graduated in the upper 3rd of my class; or, have a cumulative undergraduate GPA of 3.0 out of 4.0, or a GPA of 3.5 out of a 4.0 based on the average of the required courses completed in a major field; or, was elected to a national scholastic honor society.

For the GS-09:

Applicants must have at least 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level, GS-07, in the Federal service that has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, experience, and skills to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized Experience is defined as experience that has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

Specialized experience for this position at the GS-09 grade level is performing a variety of administrative functions, examples of such include:

Experience conducting studies and analyses of administrative concerns to improve office operations;
Ability to effectively communicate with principal organization leadership on sensitive administrative/management concerns;
Ability to meet and deal with a wide variety of organization stakeholders representing organization leadership interests in confidence;
Experience reviewing and editing a variety of administrative and management documents to ensure content accuracy, proper grammar and spelling;
Experience coordinating office procurement activities for property, equipment, supplies and services;
Experience in managing multiple and frequently simultaneous priorities combined with the ability to research and successfully resolve complex problems or situations involving assigned areas of responsibility; and,
Experience coordinating the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) program to include fee collection and payment correspondence.

OR, Possess a master's or equivalent graduate degree; of J.D. or LL.B., if related; or 2 full years of progressively higher graduate level education in a related field which has provided me with the required knowledge, skills and abilities necessary to do the work of this position.

OR, Possess an equivalent combination of specialized experience directly related to the work of this position and graduate level education as described in the vacancy announcement that has provided me with necessary knowledge, skills and abilities to successfully perform the duties of this position.
Education
Any applicant falsely claiming an academic degree from an accredited school will be subject to actions ranging from disqualification from federal employment to removal from federal service.

If your education was completed at a foreign college or university, you must show comparability to education received in accredited educational institutions in the United States and comparability to applicable minimum course work requirements for this position. Click Evaluation of Foreign Education for more information.

Transcripts must be in English.
Additional information
Position Telework eligibility is determined by management based on position duties during the recruitment process. Employee participation in telework on a routine or situational basis is determined by management primarily based on business needs. Employees participating in telework are subject to the terms and conditions of the Department of Labor’s Telework Program.

DOL seeks to attract and retain a high performing and diverse workforce in which employees’ differences are respected and valued to better meet the varying needs of the diverse customers we serve. DOL fosters a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all individuals are able to participate and contribute to their full potential.

All MSHA employees and their spouses, and minor children are prohibited by regulation from having any interest, direct or indirect, in any mine or mining company which may be directly affected by the work of MSHA through its investigations, technical research, or other activities. These interests are prohibited under the Department of Labor's Supplemental Standards of Ethical Conduct Regulations at 5 CFR 5201.105. Certain MSHA employees are required to file a financial disclosure report. For questions, please contact the vacancy contact on this announcement.

Refer to these links for more information: GENERAL INFORMATION, ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION, FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES

DOL encourages persons who are eligible under 5 CFR 213.3102(u), Schedule A (i.e. intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities) & 30% or more Disabled Veterans to apply.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Evaluation Factors (Competencies) - All qualified applicants will be evaluated on the following key competencies:

Administration and Management - Knowledge of planning, coordination, and execution of business functions, resource allocation, and production.

Clerical - Knowledge of filing, typing, entering data, maintaining records, taking shorthand, and using and completing forms.

Contracting/Procurement - Knowledge of various types of contracts, techniques, or requirements (for example, Federal Acquisitions Regulations) for contracting or procurement, and contract negotiation and administration.

Customer Service - Anticipates and meets the needs of both internal and external customers. Delivers high-quality products and services; is committed to continuous improvement.

Planning and Evaluating - Organizes work, sets priorities, and determines resource requirements; determines short- or long-term goals and strategies to achieve them; coordinates with other organizations or parts of the organization to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.

Writing - Recognizes or uses correct English grammar, punctuation, and spelling; communicates information (for example, facts, ideas, or messages) in a succinct and organized manner; produces written information, which may include technical material, that is appropriate for the intended audience.

The information you provide may be verified by a review of your work experience and/or education, by checking references, and through other means (ex. interview). Your evaluation may also include a review by an HR Specialist or panel and may include other assessment tools (ex. interview, structured interview, written test, work sample, etc.). The examining Office of Human Resources (OHR) makes the final determination concerning applicant ratings. Your resume MUST provide sufficient information to substantiate your vacancy question responses. If not, the OHR may amend your responses to more accurately reflect the level of competency indicated by the content of your resume.

Click here for Evaluation details.

INFORMATION FOR CTAP/ICTAP ELIGIBLE(S) ONLY: If you are eligible for special priority selection under CTAP or ICTAP, you must be well-qualified for the position to receive consideration. ICTAP/CTAP eligible(s) will be considered ""well-qualified"" if they attain at least a rating score of 85 in a numerical rating scheme. Be sure to review DOL Account Eligibility Questions #24 to reflect that you are applying as an ICTAP or CTAP eligible and submit supporting documentation.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. (ET) on the vacancy closing date. Warning: If you submit a document using the same document title, the 2nd submission will OVERWRITE the 1st submission. Also, do not upload password-protected documents.

The following documents are required from all applicants (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY):

ARE YOU A CURRENT OR FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEE? If applying as a status candidate with current or former Federal Service, please provide a copy of your last or most recent SF-50, ""Notification of Personnel Action” which shows your appointment eligibility for the position for which you are applying. Your SF-50 must identify the highest grade you held on a permanent basis, Pay Plan/Pay Schedule, Series, and Grade/Pay Band, and career status. Multiple SF-50 may be submitted to demonstrate your highest previous rate and eligibility.
WARNING: An award SF-50 (ex. cash or time off award) may not indicate grade, step, and competitive status. For current DOL employees, an award SF-50 DOES NOT indicate grade and step.

- Resumes are required - provide a resume either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one from your computer and USAJOBS profile. To receive full consideration for relevant and specialized experience, please list the month, year, and the number of work hours worked for the experience listed on your resume. We also suggest that you preview the vacancy questions, and confirm that your resume supports your question responses.

Unofficial Transcript(s) (in English) - If you are using education as a basis for qualifying for this position, you must submit all applicable academic transcripts demonstrating that you meet the qualifying educational requirements (ex. BA/BS, MA, JD, Ph.D., etc.). If specific coursework is required to qualify, you must supply an unofficial transcript from each academic institution in which the required courses were taken in order to receive credit. You may upload your unofficial transcript(s) as one document (3 MB size limit). If over 3 MB, please submit via fax feature. NOTE: The OFFICIAL Transcript(s) MUST BE RECEIVED, if you are selected, and prior to receiving the firm offer with a start date.

Reference the “Education Section” for College Transcript and Evaluation of Foreign Education.
Most recent performance appraisal/evaluation signed and dated within 18 months is requested by the agency, but will not disqualify candidates if not submitted. If not submitted during the application process, one may/will be requested at the time of the interview if the opportunity is extended. Applies to current and former Federal employees.

The following documents are required if applicable:

- Displaced Employee Placement Documents - Only required if requesting priority consideration under ICTAP/CTAP Eligibility.

- DD-214 - verifying military service, eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA), and showing the character of discharge (ex. Member Copy 4 and 2 are acceptable vs. Copy 1 which is not acceptable to adjudicate veteran's preference)

Special/Non-Competitive Appointing Authority Documents
Applicants who are eligible for consideration, and wish to be considered, under one of the following non-competitive hiring authorities must submit appropriate documentation (click on the links below to see the documentation requirements): (a) Persons with Severe Disabilities (SCHEDULE A) (b) 30% or More Compensable Disabled Veterans (DAV) (c) Former Peace Corps Volunteers (PCV) OR Current or Former Peace Corps Employees (PCE) (d) Military Spouses (MISP) (e) Veterans Recruitment Authority (VRA) (f) Other
Land Management Eligible(s): a copy of your most recent Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) proving your eligibility for appointment under the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act. This service must have been performed in the competitive service, under a time-limited appointment in a Land Management Agency, as defined by P.L. 114-328. For more information, click here.
Cover Letters are not mandatory and will not be used to verify experience, but may be submitted.

Applicants selected for employment who are not current DOL employees will be required to provide proof of citizenship, and the E-Verify system will be used to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Also advertised as job #DE-21-DAL-MSHA-184 for non-status applicants; to be considered for each, apply to BOTH jobs."	3701	Washington
Intelligence Research Specialist	US Department of State - Agency Wide	Washington, DC	$87,198 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
Position is located in the Office of Analysis for Terrorism, Narcotics, and Crime, Bureau of Intelligence and Research (INR/TNC). Produces independent, all-source analyses and assessments of trends in international terrorism, narcotics, and crime, particularly as they affect U.S. security and diplomatic efforts; works with major IC analytic centers concerned with those issues; and represents the Bureau on the Interagency Intelligence Committee on Terrorism.

Responsibilities
Serves as principal intelligence analyst providing all-source strategic analysis on terrorism, narcotics, and transnational organized crime (TOC) in South America and narcotics and TOC in northern and western Africa and the impacts of these issues.
Prepares written analysis and oral briefings to inform senior foreign policymakers on terrorism, narcotics, and TOC issues, including drug trends, criminal and terrorist group intentions, drug/crime-related corruption, and security policies.
Ensures the intelligence needs of State Department policymakers are clearly conveyed to appropriate collection agencies within the U.S. Intelligence Community (IC) and represents INR on IC and interagency committees.
Regularly drafts and coordinates on IC products for the President&#8217;s Daily Brief (PDB), National Intelligence Council (NIC), Interagency Intelligence Committee on Terrorism (IICT), and other similar entities, ensuring INR views are represented.
At the GS-12 level, the incumbent performance essentially the same duties as outlined above, however the scope and complexity of assignment are of less responsibility and independence and receives closer than normal supervision.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - Occasional travel overseas and domestically may be required.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
0132 Intelligence
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Incumbent will be subject to random drug testing.
Verification of employment eligibility in the United States is required.
One year probationary period, unless excepted by regulation.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Top Secret security clearance.
Obtain/maintain eligibility to access Sensitive Compartmented Information
U.S. Citizenship is required.
Qualifications
Applicants must meet all the required qualification requirements, including education and any selective placement factors described below by the closing date of this announcement. If you are qualifying based on education OR if there are mandatory education requirements listed below, you MUST submit a copy of your college transcript with your application.

Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level in the Federal service which provided the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties of the position. Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:

Experience preparing all-source intelligence analysis on narcotics and Transnational Organized Crime (TOC) in South America, Northern Africa, and Western Africa (i.e. drug trade dynamics, drug production and flows, crime group intentions, corruption, and security policy).
Experience preparing all-source intelligence analysis on terrorism in South America (i.e. regional terrorism concerns, foreign fighter flows, Special Interest Aliens, and counterterrorism policies).

There is no substitute of education for specialized experience for the GS-12 position.

Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 level in the Federal service which provided the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties of the position. Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:

Experience preparing strategic, policy-relevant all-source intelligence analysis on narcotics and Transnational Organized Crime (TOC) in South America, Northern Africa, and Western Africa (i.e. drug trade dynamics, drug production and flows, crime group intentions, corruption, and security policy).
Experience preparing strategic, policy-relevant all-source intelligence analysis on terrorism in South America (i.e. regional terrorism concerns, foreign fighter flows, Special Interest Aliens, and counterterrorism policies).
Experience drafting and coordinating on U.S. Intelligence Community analytic products.

There is no substitute of education for specialized experience for the GS-13 position.
Education
See the qualifications section of this vacancy announcement for education requirements, if applicable.
Additional information
For reasonable accommodation at the U.S. Department of State, please contact the Office of Accessibility and Accommodations at (202) 663-3474 or ReasonableAccommodations@state.gov.

EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PROGRAM (E-Verify) – U.S. law requires organizations to employ only individuals who may legally work in the United States - either U.S. citizens, or foreign citizens who have the necessary authorization. This agency utilizes E-Verify to compare information from the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, to data from U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Social Security Administration (SSA) records to confirm employment eligibility. If the employee’s information does not match DHS and/or SSA records, the employee is given an opportunity to resolve the problem. If eligibility cannot be verified, employment will be terminated.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application will be evaluated and rated under the Category Rating and Selection procedures. Based on your responses to the job-specific self-assessment questions, eligible candidates are placed for selection consideration into one of three pre-defined quality categories as described below:

Highly-qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications for the position, candidates must fully demonstrate proficiency in all major aspects of the position.

Well Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications, candidates must demonstrate proficiency in some, but not all of the major aspects of the position.

Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications, applicants must demonstrate a basic level of knowledge, skill and ability of the position.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following knowledge, skills, abilities (KSAs) and other characteristics that are relevant to the duties of this position and must be fully supported by information in your resume:

Knowledge of terrorism, narcotics, and crime issues in South America, northern Africa, and western Africa
Knowledge of terrorist organizations.
Ability to apply logic and reasoning.
Ability to establish and maintain liaison with officials throughout the intelligence community.
Knowledge of Intelligence Analysis.

Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must highlight your most relevant and significant work experience and education (if applicable) as it relates to this job opportunity. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Your resume should include the dates of all qualifying experience (from month/year to month/year) and the number of hours worked/volunteered per week. For assistance with creating a resume, please click here.

Application of Veterans Preference: The Category Rating Method does not add veterans' preference points or apply the ""rule of three,"" but protects the rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each pre-defined quality category. Preference eligibles who meet minimum qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 percent (i.e., CPS and CP) must be listed in the highest quality category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-09 grade level or higher.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) candidates must be rated ""Well Qualified"" for the position to receive consideration for selection priority. Applicants must meet all the qualification requirements and submit any required supporting documentation by the closing date of this announcement.

Your application package must contain sufficient information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the basic/specialized experience requirements as stated in this job opportunity announcement for each grade level(s) for which you are applying. Applicants found to be among the top qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring official for further consideration and possible interview.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Top Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Required Documents

Required Documents
All required documents listed below, that are applicable to you, must be submitted to our automated system ""Gateway to State"" by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement.

1. Resume - your resume or any other written format you choose should contain the required information as specified in the “How You Will Be Evaluated” section. Insufficient information will result in an ineligible rating.

2. A completed online job specific self-assessment questionnaire through the Department’s automated system “Gateway to State”.

3. Transcripts - if applicable, see the Qualifications section of the announcement. If selected, an official/sealed college transcript(s) will be required to verify education prior to employment.

4. If you are qualifying based on other criteria listed under the Qualification Section of this announcement, you MUST submit the required supporting documentation (certificates, certifications, etc.) with your application.

5. Veterans Preference - If claiming veteran’s preference, you must indicate the type of veteran's preference you are claiming on your resume. For 5-point veteran’s preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member Copy 4 is preferable) which must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty.

If you are currently on active duty, you must provide a certification on letterhead from your military branch which contains your military service dates, expected date of discharge or release, and the character of service to show that your military service was performed under honorable conditions. The expected date of discharge or release must be no later than 120 days after the certification is submitted for consideration for this vacancy announcement. If the appropriate information is not submitted to confirm your current or expected discharge status, dates of service, etc., you will not receive credit for the claimed active duty military service.

For 10-point veteran's preference, in addition to the DD-214 or certification, you must also submit a current version of the SF-15 (Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference), dated October 2013, and any documentation required by this form to support your claim. Previous editions of the SF-15 will not be accepted. If we cannot verify your 10-point preference status, you will receive 5-point preference if veterans' preference requirements have been met. For further information regarding Veterans, click here.

For Sole Survivorship preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214 (Member Copy 4 is preferable) or another form of official documentation which shows your discharge or release from active duty occurred on or after August 29, 2008 and was based on a sole survivorship discharge. To gain access to your DD214 online, please visit: http://www.archives.gov/veterans/military-service-records/get-service-records.html

6. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation with their application. See links below:

ICTAP Considerations

CTAP Considerations
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S."	3701	Washington
Senior Analyst, Operations	Sony Corporation of America	Herndon, VA	None	"Sony Corporation of America , located in New York, NY, is the U.S. headquarters of Sony Group Corporation, based in Tokyo, Japan. Sony's principal U.S. businesses include Sony Electronics Inc., Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC, Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Music Publishing and Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. With some 900 million Sony devices in hands and homes worldwide today, a vast array of Sony movies, television shows and music, and the PlayStation Network, Sony creates and delivers more entertainment experiences to more people than anyone else on earth. To learn more: www.sony.com/en .

Sony Corporation of America (SCA), is seeking a Senior Analyst, Operations to join the Global Information Security Department organization in Herndon, Va. This position will report to the Vice President and General Manager of Operations and is responsible for overseeing facilities, reception, and security functions; logistics and site requirements planning; establishing office process and protocols; and organizing employee events as a key part of the Global Information Security Department (GISD).

Responsibilities:
Oversee the office management functions to include, the office manager, reception and security operations
Coordinate and manage project tasks to ensure project delivery within allotted budget and timelines.
Develop facility requirements and plans to support the workforce
Manage site COVID protocols and ensure adherence
Assist with site support vendor management
Maintain business continuity plans
Provide support for audio/visual (A/V) equipment to support meetings and conferences
Communicate workplace safety precautions to employees, as needed
Coordinate and assist with in-office logistics including, A/V and catering needs for large meetings and events
Plan and organize Volunteer Day and annual Holiday Party activities
Handle logistics for offsite events (conference space and hotel negotiations, etc.)
Perform other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
3-5 years’ experience as in facility management or front office management
Knowledge of general operational requirements. safety precautions related to facilities management
Ability to develop plans and procedures with limited oversight
Experience with event planning
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to prioritize multiple tasks and formulate responses/recommendations to customers and team members
Sound problem resolution, judgment, negotiating and decision-making skills
Strong work ethic and commitment to accomplish assigned tasks
All candidates must be authorized to work in the USA
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, military status, status as a veteran or disabled veteran, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or family status, genetic information, medical condition, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local law, ordinance, or regulation.
Disability Accommodation for Applicants to Sony Corporation of America
Sony Corporation of America provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. For reasonable accommodation requests, please contact us by email at careers@sonyusa.com or by mail to: Sony Corporation of America, Human Resources Department, 25 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010. Please indicate the position you are applying for.
EEO is the Law
EEO is the Law Supplement
Right to Work (English/Spanish)
E-Verify Participation (English/Spanish)"	3701	Washington
PROGRAM ANALYST	US Immediate Office of the Chief of Naval Operatio...	Arlington, VA	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as a PROGRAM ANALYST in the WARFARE SYSTEMS DIRECTORATE of IMMEDIATE OFC OF CHIEF OF NVL OPS.
Responsibilities
You will serve as the subject matter expert related to the inactivation and disposal of U.S. Navy vessels.
You will develop policy and practice for vessel inactivation and disposal methods, legislative inquiries, and the financial posture of the ship disposal program.
You will provide analysis and guidance related to future force formulation and ship recapitalization plans.
You will monitor requirements development and execution for assigned programs.
You will plan the ship recapitalization program to ensure organization is in line with goals and objectives.
You will serve as a representative on high-level committees, boards, and working groups to discuss overall programmatic objectives.
You will manage funds to ensure support for inactive ships is identified during the budget cycle.
You will utilize the Ship Disposition Review process to validate proposals to inactivate non-nuclear ships and determine appropriate future action.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position up to 10%.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Program
Program Analysts
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Generally, current federal employees applying for GS jobs must serve at least one year at the next lower grade level. This requirement is called time-in-grade. Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
Qualifications
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience performing work equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS-13) or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector.

Specialized experience must demonstrate performing duties such as the following: (1) Collaborating with a variety of organizations ranging from Echelon I staffs to individual ship crews to develop policies related to future force formulation and ship recapitalization plans; (2) Understanding the overall lifecycle of a Naval vessel from construction to retirement; (3) Utilizing the Planning, Programming, Budgeting & Execution process as it applies to financial management and resource allocation for current and future acquisition programs; (4) Monitoring pertinent issues related to ship inactivation and disposal processes to develop executive level papers, briefs and documents for senior leaders as well as responses to congressional queries and other outside organizations; (5) Managing budget planning and execution for programs to ensure proper funding support for ships during inactivation processes.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management web site: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

Recruitment incentives may be authorized to eligible new hires.

A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ACCOUNTABILITY
INFLUENCING/NEGOTIATING
ORAL COMMUNICATION
PROBLEM SOLVING
RULEMAKING AND REGULATION
WRITTEN COMMUNICATION

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current permanent DoD employees, Former permanent federal employees, VEOA eligibles, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)"	3701	Washington
Security Analyst - (Identity Mgr/IAM Engineer)	Kaizen Dynamics	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	$90 - $95 an hour	The Identity Manager/IAM engineer is responsible for managing access to the DCAS system and provisioning accounts through Oracle IAM.The Senior Identity and Access Management Systems Engineer will manage the IAM program and work with keep stakeholders to define, design, and build robust and highly available IAM Services.This position is housed under the Department of Health Care Finance (DHCF) in direct support of the DC Access System (DCAS).The Department of Health Care Finance is looking for a candidate who must be customer service oriented, have strong team and interpersonal skills, and ability to multi-task when required.The incumbent will have excellent oral, written, and presentation skills as a mandatory requirement.The candidate will be the technical lead in the actualization of a robust IAM access program.The candidate will work to position the organization for success, improving efficiency, accuracy, and compliance while increasing business responsiveness, improving security posture, and supporting aggressive growthCore Duties:-Design IAM processes and strategies to securely manage the identity lifecycle-Design, implement, configure, and deploy IAM solutions-Evaluate IAM solutions against business requirements and best practices-Provide IAM subject matter expertise for business and technical project team-Evaluate vendor solutions to ensure they meet technology and security standards-Coach and serve as a technical escalation resource to team members on all IAM related technical issues-Create and maintain design, technical architecture, and release management documentation-Implement best practices for identity governance and administration, provisioning, de-provisioning, privileged access management, access reviews etc.-Research and follow industry trends in the IAM space and provide recommendations that influence strategic plans---------------------------------------------CONTRACT JOB DESCRIPTIONResponsibilities:1. Expertise in implementing, administrating and operating information security technologies such as firewalls, IDS/IPS, SIEM, Antivirus, network traffic analyzers and malware analysis tools.2. Utilizes advanced experience with scripting and tool automation such as Perl, PowerShell, Regex.3. Develops, leads, and executes information security incident response plans.4. Develops standard and complex IT solutions & services, driven by business requirements and industry standards.5. May also leverage dynamic and static code assessment tools to measure vulnerability of applications throughout the SDLC.Minimum Education/Certification Requirements:BS Degree in IT, Cybersecurity, or Engineering, or equivalent experienceJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $90.00 - $95.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayExperience:Deploying IAM services and infrastructure: 7 years (Required)OneLogin, SambaAD, WindowsAD, OpenLDAP, Duo MFA: 7 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	3701	Washington
Administrator I	Medstar Georgetown University Hospital	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	"MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute-care teaching and research hospital with 609 beds located in Northwest Washington, D.C. Founded in the Jesuit principle of cura personalis—caring for the whole person—MedStar Georgetown is committed to offering a variety of innovative diagnostic and treatment options within a trusting and compassionate environment.
MedStar Georgetown’s centers of excellence include neurosciences, transplant, cancer and gastroenterology. Along with Magnet® nurses, internationally recognized physicians, advanced research and cutting-edge technologies, MedStar Georgetown’s healthcare professionals have a reputation for medical excellence and leadership
Job Summary
This position serves as Administrative Operations Manager for the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Responsible for personnel, payroll, computerized systems, telecommunications, and facilities as it relates to the department. This position works with all Department Administrators, Associate Administrators, Nursing Coordinators, Managers, and Supervisors in the areas of human resources, facilities, financial planning and department policies, ensuring that all are trained according to these policies. This position works closely with as well as under the general direction of the Department Administrator, actively participating in strategic planning, construction and growth projects. Acts as back-up for the account analyst for the department. These functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and Georgetown University Hospital’s philosophy, policies, procedures and standards.
Education, Experience, and License Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Must have five to seven years of administrative experience, preferably in an academic medical center setting.

Job Responsibilities
PERSONNEL
Initiates and completes all paperwork required for personnel transactions for departmental faculty and staff (ca. 100). Reviews and authorizes signature for department personnel paperwork. Interacts on behalf of the department with human resources, payroll, and medical center. Maintains position log and tracks job descriptions, vacancies, and merits. Works with both GUH and University Human Resources departments.
Determine new position needs and type in consultation with department senior Management Team, physicians or Principal Investigator with attention to fiscal feasibility. Identifies positions and initiates, completes and submits all paperwork required for position reclassification, working closely with Human Resources personnel. Reviews all staff evaluations for accuracy and completeness and instructs department managers as to content.
Instructs and guides department managers as to disciplinary and termination process of all staff, prepares and serves as authorized signature for documents and actively participates in the action. Responds to internal and external grievance inquires and participates in other labor relations activities. Recommends and initiates staff incentive action and other staff morale development activities.
Develops and maintains spreadsheet tracking of all department staff competency requirements, license requirements and ensures managers enable staff to complete as needed.
Orients all permanent and temporary employees to the department. Interviews and assists with the selection of candidates for various positions.
Expert for the department regarding personnel policy and procedures. Ensures that department policies are in accordance with Medical Center and external regulatory policies and legislation. In absence of Department Administrator has authority to make operational decisions to keep department goals on target.
Establishes and maintains current policies for department concerning dress code, office hours, staff functions, holidays, and others as needed. Trains department managers on policies and monitors compliance.
Ensures that Pay for Performance standards are being met. Participates in the establishment of and monitors merit budget at the division/unit level.
Develops and enacts reduction in force procedures for department as necessitated.
PAYROLL
Responsible for a faculty and staff payroll in excess of eight million dollars yearly, insuring the correct allocation of salaries as it relates to department and hospital cost centers.
Prepares and approves department faculty and staff PTF's and payroll journal vouchers as needed to ensure correct salary amounts and accurate salary allocations.
Expert for department regarding salary offers for new hires addressing like position equity and conducts salary discussions with new hires.
Handles or directs all tasks related to biweekly and monthly payroll, i.e. calculates and approves weekly department payroll, distributes checks, and prepares memos and paperwork for corrections.
Reviews paperwork submitted by satellite offices for accuracy. Responsible for security of checks.
Ensures that all deadlines have been met and employees are paid on time. Verifies leave accruals.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT, FUNCTIONS, AND COMMUNICATIONS
As department Telecommunications Manager: Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all submitted telephone service requests. Determines which services are needed by individuals. Reviews department phone bills for accuracy and to determine areas where costs could be cut.
Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all computer/printer service requests i.e. moves, access, and software. Orders and maintains office equipment to include: copiers, fax machine, telephones, pagers, dictation/transcription equipment, lounge appliances, and others as needed. Recommends new capital equipment purchases as needed. Participates in allocating furniture, signage, and other office resources.
Facility Maintenance: Contact and liaison for engineering, housekeeping facilities, and security. Approves all key requests. Obtains space renovation estimates. Coordinates all department office moves and signage requests.
Authorized signature for expense authorizations in the absence of the Account Analyst.
Active member of Practice Oversight Committee reviewing Practice trends and advising/recommending changes to enhance financial stability, JACHO compliance, customer service and staff longevity.
Exemplifies Guest and Staff Relations standards in all activities and holds staff accountable for conformity with those standards in all activities.
Assumes other duties and responsibilities that are appropriate to the position and area. The above responsibilities are a general description of the level and nature of the work assigned to this classification and are not to be considered as all inclusive."	3701	Washington
Sr. Incident Response Analyst	Deloitte	Washington, DC	None	"Are you looking to elevate your cyber career? Your technical skills? Your opportunity for growth? Deloitte's Government and Public Services Cyber Practice (GPS Cyber Practice) is the place for you! Our GPS Cyber Practice helps organizations create a cyber minded culture and become stronger, faster, and more innovative. You will become part of a team that advises, implements, and manages solutions across five verticals: Strategy, Defense and Response; Identity; Infrastructure; Data; and Application Security. Our dynamic team offers opportunities to work with cutting-edge cyber security tools and grow both vertically and horizontally at an accelerated rate. Join our cyber team and elevate your career.
Work you'll do
Implement risk management programs for our federal clients by utilizing NIST, RMF, and FISMA compliance frameworks.
Enhance cyber awareness with clients and project teams.
Work alongside federal clients to help them mitigate risk with the use of continuous monitoring and incident response.
Establish security controls to ensure protection of client systems.
Implement cutting edge security tools for our federal clients.

The team
Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of more than 15,000 professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
At Deloitte, we believe cyber is about starting things-not stopping them-and enabling the freedom to create a more secure future. Cyber Strategy, Defense and Response (SDR) focuses on helping federal clients design and implement transformational enterprise security programs with an emphasis on defending against, recovering from, and mitigating major cyberattacks. If you're seeking a career that increases cyber awareness, utilizes risk management programs, and develops strategies for cyber defense and response, then the Cyber SDR offering at Deloitte is for you.
Qualifications
Required:

Bachelor's degree required
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Must be able to obtain and maintain the required clearance for this role
Work with Federal clients to mitigate cyber risk and threats
Lead the development of a mature incident response program that is integrated across the business
Organize and deliver incident response services on a cross-section of complex projects
Actively participate in the development of business and vendor relationships
Participate and lead aspects of the proposal development process
Displays both breadth and depth of knowledge regarding functional and technical issues
Displays leadership and business judgment in anticipating client/project needs and developing alternative solutions
Provide counseling/coaching, oversight, and support for delivery teams and staff
Build an incident response program capable of performing the following functions:
Review, validate, and categorize security events using a variety of information security technologies.
Investigate user reported potential security risks including phishing emails delivered.
Analyze a variety of network and host-based logs to lead security investigations and incident response activities.
Validate and confirm critical security events and determine impact.
Thoroughly document security investigations throughout incident lifecycle.
Maintain, update, or create team documentation around incident response activities
Develop and build security content, scripts, tools or other methods to enhance the security incident management process.
Proactive hunt on the network to identify security risks, threats, and exposures.
Leverage indicators of compromise to determine impact to our environment.
Make recommendations and/or implement security controls and countermeasures to prevent or mitigate various security risks.
Partner with various stakeholders to seek alternative methods to achieve business outcome, when necessary.
Experience working with RMF and NIST 800-53
Experience working with cyber security tools
Experience with cyber awareness (e.g., phishing emails, cyber trainings)

Preferred:

Prior professional services or federal consulting experience
Certifications (e.g., CompTIA Security+, CEH, CISSP)

How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career."	3701	Washington
Senior Intelligence Analyst	ZeroFOX	Washington, DC	None	OPPORTUNITY OVERVIEWThe Senior Intelligence Analyst at ZeroFOX will be responsible for working on a wide range of customer-facing investigations based on information obtained through open, closed, and internal sources, with a focus on cyber security. The Senior Intelligence Analyst will have a background in computer sciences, experience with investigating various types of abuse, excellent writing skills, and exceptional analytic prowess in trend analysis and pattern recognition. Discretion, teamwork, and a creative spirit are a must.Key ResponsibilitiesWorking on a wide range of customer-focused threat investigations, often with competing deadlines.Supporting ad hoc customer requests of varying complexities and engaging with customers across the investigation cycle, from initial scoping to final delivery.Identifying and tracking fraud and cyber crime trends; attribution of bad actors.Required ExperienceExperience in the field of cyber threat intelligence or threat research, typically obtained in 3+ years.Knowledge of one or more scripting languages for automation and complex searches.Creativity in leveraging OSINT techniques and methods.Knowledge of operation security tradecraft.The ability to determine the credibility, value, significance, and relevancy of information from different data sources to produce clear, concise, and timely analytic products.Strong writing skills, the ability to think critically and qualify assessments, and solid communication skills.Proven track record of managing and executing on short-term and long-term projects with minimal direction or oversight.Preferred ExperienceExpertise in dark and deep web research and collection; knowledge of criminal marketplace operations; and competence in identifying new sources and developing threat actor profiles.Experience in conducting risk and vulnerability assessments.Use of data visualization tools/libraries and scrapping tools.Ability to work on call rotations to support incident response activities.Experience in briefing decision-makers and senior leaders.Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience.Regional knowledge and or/foreign language skills.Do you want to love where you work?Amazing Product: ZeroFOX is creating paradigm shifting cyber security productRecently raised a $74 million Series D led by Intel Capital, and joined by some of the most respected VCs in the country, like NEA and Redline Capital.Bragging Rights: Named the #1 startup in Baltimore and #2 startup in Maryland by the Tech TribuneAwesome Culture: ZeroFOX is a community – most describe our team as a group of close-knit, incredibly talented, and highly caffeinated people. Behind ZeroFOX’s numerous accolades lies a vibrant ecosystem where team members have fun and are rewarded for continual innovation, disruption, and taking ownership in their work.Get Things Done: Innovation is woven into the fabric of our organization. Every aspect of our operations is purposeful; enabling us to research, develop and innovate faster than the competition.Benefits: In addition to competitive compensation, full-time employees can participate in our health insurance plans, retirement, and more.Interested?Ready to apply? Visit us at https://www.zerofox.com/careers to find out more and join the best team in the security industry.Not ready to apply? Email careers_at_zerofox_dot_com to speak with a member of the team!ABOUT ZEROFOXZeroFOX, the market leader in digital visibility and protection, safeguards modern organizations from dynamic security, brand and physical risks across social, mobile, web and collaboration platforms. Using diverse data sources and artificial intelligence-based analysis, the ZeroFOX Platform identifies and remediates targeted phishing attacks, credential compromise, data exfiltration, brand hijacking, executive and location threats and more. The patented ZeroFOX SaaS technology processes and protects millions of posts, messages and accounts daily across the social and digital landscape, spanning LinkedIn, Facebook, Slack, Twitter, Instagram, Pastebin, YouTube, mobile app stores, the deep & dark web, domains and more.**ZeroFOX is an Equal Opportunity Employer and participates in e-Verify**Job Type: Full-time	3701	Washington
Senior Knowledge Analyst- Security and Defense	The Boston Consulting Group	Washington, DC	None	"12252BR
Knowledge & Research
WHAT YOU'LL DO

We are seeking an outstanding candidate with experience in topics key to our fast-growing Defense & Security sector and larger Public Sector Practice Area. As a Senior Knowledge Analyst (SKA) on the Knowledge Team’s Client Focus (CF) Track you will primarily focus on supporting our consulting teams through in-depth client engagement with U.S. Federal Government clients, providing expertise and insights on defense and security-related topics including Artificial Intelligence, Digital Innovation, Cybersecurity, Acquisition/Procurement, Sustainment/Readiness, Space, and Organizational Transformation.

You will work in a growing global team, delivering value to clients via individual expertise and/or institutionalized knowledge assets (products, tools, data, workshops, frameworks, surveys, domain-specific data, and related expertise, etc.). You will support client cases and proposals by contributing relevant analysis and insights and help case teams create strong impact for the client. While contributing to client cases, workshops and proposals, occasional travel to serve clients onsite during staffing assignments is expected to build understanding of client requirements and design / develop solutions.

You will dedicate approximately 60% of your time to directly supporting client work, with your remaining time spent making us the thought leaders in the industry by contributing research, analysis, and insights to intellectual property in conjunction with our Defense & Security business leaders.
YOU'RE GOOD AT
Working collaboratively and effectively in a group dynamic that is often virtual, and proficient in agile ways of working; you are also a self-starter and work effectively in a large, global organization with remote team members.
Taking ownership of tasks and projects, proactively driving them to a successful outcome.
Writing clearly and concisely, with a demonstrated ability to communicate complex ideas to a broad range of audiences.
Using your expertise and experience to problem solve, including through formulating relevant research and/or analytical approaches for client cases and internal projects.
Aptly handling ambiguity and thriving in a fast-moving and changing environment.
Soliciting feedback and seeking continuous improvement in knowledge, expertise, and performance
Working across a diverse range of defense and security-related topics and are eager to partner with others on researching and developing thought leadership and insightful IP.
Communicating with senior stakeholders, in a credible and confident way, both written and in-person; you are at ease presenting to senior officials and leaders in government.
Bringing a curious and creative mindset; you are flexible, open to new things, and able to propose innovative ideas.
YOU BRING (EXPERIENCE & QUALIFICATIONS)
3-6 years of relevant consulting or U.S. Federal government experience in the defense and security field; candidates with consulting experience strongly preferred. Relevant experience includes roles within U.S. government agencies working on a variety of topics, including but not limited to: artificial intelligence, space, acquisition/procurement/operations, organizational transformation, cybersecurity, sustainment/readiness, technology/innovation; or as a consultant or advisor to the U.S. Federal Government advising on the aforementioned topics.
In lieu of consulting experience, 3-6 years minimum industry experience required; 6+ years of industry experience strongly preferred.
Bachelors’ degree in related fields of study (e.g. Economics, Finance, Accounting, Public Policy, International Affairs, History, Journalism, Ethics of Artificial Intelligence, Cyber, National Security Studies etc.), with demonstrated high academic achievement (advanced degree preferred).
Fluency in English.
A strong understanding of Defense and Security institutions within the U.S. Federal Government.
Strong business acumen and problem-solving capabilities.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, (e.g. experience briefing senior leaders, publications of thought-leadership on relevant topics, etc.).
US citizenship required.
Active TS clearance with SCI eligibility and Full Scope polygraph required.
YOU'LL WORK WITH
Our knowledge and research specialists collaborate with global colleagues across BCG to bring expertise and capabilities to the service of our clients. Our team is made up of a diverse pool of knowledge and research positions that allow us to pursue exciting, innovative research careers.
CITY
Washington, D.C.
COUNTRY
United States
YOUR EMPLOYEE TYPE IS
Regular
YOUR JOB TYPE IS
Full time
WHO WE ARE
Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we work closely with clients to embrace a transformational approach aimed at benefiting all stakeholders—empowering organizations to grow, build sustainable competitive advantage, and drive positive societal impact.

Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives that question the status quo and spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting, technology and design, and corporate and digital ventures. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization, fueled by the goal of helping our clients thrive and enabling them to make the world a better place.
Knowledge@BCG consists of the Knowledge Team (KT), Data & Research Services (DRS) and Knowledge & Collaboration Solution (KCS). KT is a group of experts within respective fields or areas providing industry, functional and geographic expertise to consulting teams. KT members are aligned to Practice Areas, sometimes serving as members of case or project teams. KT offers insight into a topic or function derived from BCG’s knowledge base and case/project experience. The members of our DRS team work alongside consulting team colleagues to bring advanced research capabilities to support projects and clients. KCS team is a cross-functional team equipping BCGers with internal and external knowledge resources and digital collaboration tools, enabling them to work smarter and with increased productivity
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws."	3701	Washington
Operations Research Analyst	US Federal Aviation Administration	Washington, DC	$108,896 - $168,820 a year	"Duties
Summary
Due to the Pandemic, and individual states with different phases of reopening, the selectee’s report date to the official duty station/facility may be delayed until such time as employees are allowed to report to the workplace. The person selected may telework up to the maximum extent possible, up to and including full time, until it is safe to relocate.

Responsibilities
The incumbent provides technical advice and guidance based on complex financial formulas and other quantitative measures and metrics, to FAA, the Department of Transportation, Congress and aviation industry stakeholders regarding the development of new legislative and policy proposals, and the implementation of existing grant law and policy.
Performs multiple, varying, and complex assignments under the minimal direction of a manager, team leader or more experienced technical specialist. Acts as principal technical specialist or as a project manager or team leader for large work activities. Provides advice and guidance on interpretation and direction for the implementation of Airport Grants programs. Regularly performs invoice and reimbursement requests reviews. Responsible for achieving/maintaining a high level of technical analysis, professionalism, national quality control, public and Congressional confidence in the FAA's management of programs that award grants to airport sponsors.
Applies comprehensive knowledge and experience in operational research to design and maintain financial models reflecting the interaction of complex legislative provisions; and produces analyses pertaining to the use of Federal funds. Performs scientific work that involves designing, developing, and adapting mathematical, statistical, econometric, and other scientific methods and techniques.
Develops analytical methods as necessary to evaluate technical issues related to construction, operations, maintenance, life-cycle costs and procurement requirements. Conducts research, quantitative analysis of airport operational issues and functional requirements to comply with statutory provisions.
Develops, reviews and evaluates legislative proposals or enactments, (including legislative proposals for Airport Grant programs) and provides technical advice and assistance to high level agency officials concerning the impact of legislative proposals developed by agency personnel, Congressional staff, or third parties. Interacts with senior Congressional Committee staff (in coordination with the Office of Government & Industry Affairs, the Office of Chief Counsel, and the Office of Budget) to provide technical drafting assistance relating to airport issues including engineering, construction, financial, procurement and environmental matters and to provide advice and assistance to staffs regarding the legislative impacts on the Office of Airports, more than 3,300 airport sponsors, state aeronautical agencies and other airport industry stakeholders.
lnterprets laws and regulations; the development of national policy and guidance; and the provision of technical advice on approaches to eligibility issues, formulas and general budgetary impacts on the full range of Office of Airports programs. Evaluates impacts of various financial scenarios on the FAA's ability to fulfill safety, capacity and environmental initiatives. Analyzes (and assists the Office of General Counsel) with complex and controversial proposals for airport funding to assure consistency with applicable legal and policy requirements and assures technical validity, compliance with laws, regulations and policies and national quality control.
Contacts are internal and external. Often represents FAA as a senior technical point of contact on projects, programs and other work activities. Communicates results to all levels internally (within an LOB/SO or across LOB's/SO's) and externally. Represents the FAA with other Federal agencies and state agencies, aviation industry organizations and at national meetings and conferences as the recognized senior technical point of contact on legal, regulatory, policy and program issues governing federal financial assistance for airports.
Broad policies and objectives provide general guidance for addressing issues, but allow considerable discretion to develop new and innovative approaches.
Travel Required
25% or less - The job may require up to 25% travel.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
NA
Job family (Series)
1515 Operations Research
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
US Citizenship is required.
Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
Must submit an SF50 (See Required Documents)
This position has a positive education requirement. Transcript(s) required.
This Level 1 (Low Risk) position requires favorable adjudication of a National Agency Check and Inquiries (NACI) background investigation prior to appointment.
Qualifications
To qualify for this position you must demonstrate in your application that you possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the FV-I, FG/GS-13 level. This experience is typically related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. To be creditable, specialized experience must have been at least equivalent to the next lower level in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization.
Specialized experience is defined as:
Experience analyzing complex legislation; conducting technical research; and utilizing financial models and other quantitative tools to provide analysis and make recommendations to decision makers, and
Experience in preparing reports, briefing and details documents for presentation to high level government officials, external entities, congressional staff, or other similar high level officials, and
Experience in developing curriculum and providing training on new program policies and operating procedures, and
Experience in determining project eligibility and justification consistent with federal program requirements, or
Direct technical experience applying processes related to airport planning, engineering or other aspects of airport development, including Federal financial assistance programs.
You should include relevant examples of the specialized experience in your work history. Errors or omissions may impact your rating or may result in you not being considered.
Answer all questions to the best of your ability. DO NOT ASSUME THAT BECAUSE YOU HOLD, OR HAVE HELD THIS POSITION, YOU WILL AUTOMATICALLY BE FOUND ELIGIBLE. You may be asked to provide evidence or documentation that you have this type of experience later in the selection process. Your responses are subject to verification through job interviews, or any other information obtained during the application process. Any exaggeration of your experience or any attempt to conceal information can result in disqualification.
*Applicants who fail to demonstrate possession of any of the above criteria AND who do not provide the required documentation will receive no further consideration for this position.*
Applicants may be asked to verify information on your application for employment with the FAA.
**All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of this vacancy announcement.**
Eligible applicants meeting the minimum qualification requirements and/or selective placement factor(s) (SPF) may be further evaluated on the Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA) and/or Quality Ranking Factor (QRF) listed in the announcement. Based on this evaluation, applicants will be placed in one of the following categories: (1) score order; (2) category grouping; (3) alphabetical; or (4) priority grouping, and referred to the selecting official for selection consideration.
NOTE: AFSCME Interview Criteria: Article 42, Section 13 states: If the selecting official decides to interview any employee on the selection list for a vacancy, then all who remain under consideration for the position at that point in the process must be interviewed. If the selection list is shortened to a best qualified list through a comparative process, then the best qualified list shall be considered to be the selection list. If it is determined that interviews are required and telephone interviews are not utilized, travel expenses incidental to these interviews will be paid in accordance with the Agency's travel regulations and this Agreement.
Education
This position has a positive education requirement: Applicants must submit a copy of their college or university transcripts(s) and certificates by the closing date of announcement to verify qualifications. If selected, an official transcript will be required prior to appointment. You may upload these documents with your application in USAJOBS or fax it to fax number provided in the announcement (please include announcement number on each page).

Failure to do so will result in loss of consideration.

Schools must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation may be verified at the following website: www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html.

Foreign education must be evaluated by a private professional organization specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials or an accredited U.S. educational institution in terms of equivalence to a degree acquired at an American college or university. A copy of the evaluation results must be included, otherwise your foreign education will not be considered.
Basic Requirements:
Degree: in operations research; or at least 24 semester hours in a combination of operations research, mathematics, probability, statistics, mathematical logic, science, or subject-matter courses requiring substantial competence in college-level mathematics or statistics. At least 3 of the 24 semester hours must have been in calculus.
If you are a current or former Federal employee, and you currently hold or previously held a position classified in the 1515 occupational series, you are not required to submit a college transcript provided you upload a copy of the SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, verifying your classification in the 1515 occupational series.
Applicants, who are not currently in the 1515 occupational series in the Federal Government and fail to provide a copy of an unofficial or official transcript will not receive further consideration for this vacancy. Upon selection, if not currently employed in the 1515 occupational series, you will be required to submit an official transcript prior to appointment. If you do not have an official transcript (original, with the raised seal), you should contact your school immediately to request it.
Foreign Education: For additional information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html.
Preview Job Questionnaire
Make sure your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications and answers to the job questionnaire.
Additional information
We may use this vacancy to fill other similar vacant positions.
Position may be subject to a background investigation.
A one-year probationary period may be required.

The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies. www.faa.gov/jobs/working_here/financial_disclosure_requirements

The U.S. Department of Transportation strives to ensure that equity, transparency, accountability, collaboration, and communication permeate all that we do for the betterment of the Department, the traveling public, and our nation. As such, DOT values a highly diverse workforce of persons who promote a culture of belonging by respecting the personal dignity and worth of each individual and fostering a positive environment where all feel safe and welcome. If these commitments coincide with your personal ideals and professional aspirations, please consider joining the DOT family.
NOTES:
This position is covered by the FAA Core Compensation plan. Additional information about core compensation is available on the following website: http://jobs.faa.gov/FAACoreCompensation.htm.
As a part of the Federal-Wide Hiring Reform Initiative (streamlining the hiring process), the FAA is committed to eliminating the use of Knowledge, Skills and Ability (KSA) narratives from the initial application in the hiring process for all announcements. Therefore, as an applicant, you are NOT required to provide a narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA.
In lieu of providing a KSA narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA section, in your work history, please include information that provides specific examples of how you meet the response level or answer you chose for each KSA. Your work history examples should be specific and clearly reflect the highest level of ability. Your KSA answers will be evaluated further to validate whether the level that you selected is appropriate based on the work history and experience you provided. Your answers may be adjusted by a human resource specialist as appropriate.
This announcement is also being advertised under VA #AWA-APP-21-0017MP-72958. Please review both vacancy announcements before making application to determine your eligibility to apply.
This is a bargaining unit position.

Links to Important Information: Locality Pay , COLA

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.


IMPORTANT: Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the on-line process must be substantiated. Ensure that your application package/resume supports your responses.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
Only supplemental documentation (e.g. transcript, certifications, SF-50, and/or veterans' documentation) will be accepted in combination with your on-line application. These documents must be uploaded on or before the closing date of the announcement. All submitted documents must reference the announcement number.

For guidance on how to create a Federal resume, visit http://www.archives.gov/careers/jobs/forms/resume-guide.pdf.

Failure to submit all required documents by the closing date will result in a finding of ineligible. We are not responsible for incomplete, illegible or missing documents.

Please DO NOT email your application documents. We cannot accept documents received via the email system. Documents sent via email will NOT receive consideration.

Applicants claiming eligibility for the Expanded Veterans Hiring Opportunity (EVHO), MUST submit a DD Form 214 reflecting character of service to verify eligibility by the closing date of the announcement as requested by the Human Resource Office. Eligibility for EVHO will be considered based on applicable documentation submitted by the closing date.
This position has a positive education requirement; college transcripts are required for ALL candidates newly appointed to the FAA in the 1515 series.

College transcripts must be submitted from current FAA employees applying for internal vacancies if they have never held a position in the, 1515 series with the FAA.

College transcripts are not required from current FAA employees who are currently occupying a 1515 series.

If selected, official transcripts are required prior to employment.

If you are a current or former Federal employee (including a current FAA employee), you MUST provide a copy of your SF-50 (Notification of Personnel Action) containing information in Blocks 15, 17, 18, 19, 22, and 24 so it can be used to verify your position title, series, grade, tenure, and organization of record by the closing date of the announcement. You may fax your SF-50 or upload it into the on-line application. If faxing the SF-50, please ensure you include the vacancy announcement number on the faxed copy.

If you are a current Federal employee and need a current copy of your SF-50, please contact your personnel office. If you are an FAA employee, you can access and print your SF-50 from the eOPF system https://eopf.opm.gov/dot/. If you are a former Federal employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF-50 by writing the National Personnel Records Center Annex, 1411 Boulder Boulevard, Valmeyer, IL 62295. Additional information is available from this link: http://www.archives.gov/st-louis/civilian-personnel/.

Expanded Veterans Hiring Opportunity (EVHO) are those veterans who are honorably discharged from the Armed Forces after completing at least three (3) years of continuous active service. Applicants claiming eligibility for EVHO, MUST submit a DD Form 214 reflecting character of service to verify eligibility by the closing date of the announcement as requested by the Human Resource Office. Eligibility for EVHO will be considered based on applicable documentation submitted by the closing date.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Federal employees - Excepted service
Current excepted service federal employees.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Also open to former excepted service federal employees eligible under an interchange agreement. Current or former federal employees must have met a one-year probationary period or trial period in the competitive or excepted service. Applications will be accepted from preference eligible and veterans who are honorably discharged from the Armed Forces after completing at least 3 years of continuous active duty service."	3701	Washington
Sr. Intelligence Analyst	Amazon.com Services LLC	Washington, DC	None	"
Bachelor's degree or its equivalent in years of experience in fields related to fraud and/or abuse.
Demonstrated experience performing open source research on a variety of topics.
Proven high level of integrity and discretion to handle confidential information.
Demonstrated ability to investigate complex and highly technical problems, and perform root cause analysis.

Amazon Intelligence Analysts play a key role in the identification, interpretation, transformation, and dissemination of intelligence crucial to the protection of Amazon customers and partners from fraudulent actors. Intelligence Analysts provide Amazon teams with information about threats and vulnerabilities, and use information derived from all intelligence disciplines to determine changes in actor activity, capabilities, intent, and resources.

Your role will focus on the identification, analysis, processing, and distribution of finished intelligence. You will quickly and discretely provide intelligence to assist in decision making and actively thwart emergent and current threats targeting our customers. Specific duties of this role include: intelligence gathering; processing incoming information, reports, and messages; determining the significance and reliability of incoming information; identifying and investigating new vulnerabilities, and translating that analysis into actionable intelligence; preparing all-source intelligence products; establishing and maintaining systematic, cross-reference intelligence records and files; integrating incoming information with current intelligence and investigations.
A successful candidate can prioritize well, communicate clearly, and has a consistent track record of delivery. You must be proactive in removing roadblocks, and a self-starter able to dive multiple layers deep. You will need to influence internal and external stakeholders that are spread across the world, and be able to effectively rally support for your initiatives. A successful candidate will set a new bar for the team in terms of curiousity.


Four-year degree related to the following fields of study: Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Security, Foreign Studies, Finance, Investigative Journalism.
Experience in investigating fraud, abuse, and eCrime.
Familiarity with foreign-language media sources, both traditional and non-traditional
Multilingual with preference for Russian, Chinese, and/or Japanese.
Knowledge of retail and social media ecosystems.
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	3701	Washington
Emergency Management- Focused Planning Opportunities	ICF	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"ICF employs a diverse variety of subject-matter experts to assist our clients at the state, local, tribal, territorial, and federal levels in dealing with complex challenges in responding to, recovering from, and mitigating impacts from disasters and other emergencies. Our nationwide teams of experts provide strategic consulting services and support to emergency management and public health agencies throughout the United States and its affiliated territories. Our talented personnel possess a keen understanding of all aspects of the emergency management life cycle and share the mission-oriented focus of the agencies that we serve at all levels of government.
We are actively seeking candidates across a range of experience levels with backgrounds in emergency management planning, hazard-specific expertise (pandemics, biological incidents, earthquake, hurricanes etc.), or other functional areas of specialization (e.g., response planning, housing, infrastructure, emergency communications, economic recovery).
Please apply if you have experience with response, recovery, or mitigation planning and stakeholder engagement support for emergency management or public health agencies at any level of government. Candidates possessing recent experience employing or working within the Community Lifelines organizational construct developed in recent years by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) are strongly encouraged to apply.
Basic Requirements:
US Citizenship
Must be able to obtain a Public Trust security clearance
Minimum 5 years of working on planning-related projects or management of information documents
Experience with emergency management response programs
We are interviewing for the following:
Emergency Management Planners (Senior)
Emergency Management Planners (Mid-level)
Emergency Management Planners (Junior)
Public Health Preparedness SMEs
Pandemic Planners
Exercise Designers and Facilitators
Geographic Information Systems (GIS) and Data Analysts
Technical Writers
Technical Editors (QA/QC Reviewers)
Graphic Designers
Training Instructors
Information Technology Analyst
Although remote work is anticipated, priority will be given to applicants with the ability to attend meetings and interact with clients in the following cities or surrounding metropolitan areas:
Atlanta, GA
Boston, MA
Chicago, IL
Dallas/Fort Worth, TX
Denver, CO
Kansas City, MO
New York, NY
Philadelphia, PA
Oakland, CA
Seattle, WA
Washington, DC
Working at ICF
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy .
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement .
Washington, DC (DC02)"	3701	Washington
Data Analyst -Senior	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Washington, DC 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"Summary:

Yorktown Systems Group is seeking a highly qualified Data Analyst ? Senior to provide professional services and support to the Veteran Health Administration (VHA) Integrated Healthcare Transformation (IHT) with direct support to the Product Effectiveness (PE) Professional Health Business Services. The Veterans Health Administration is America?s largest integrated health care system, supported by approximately 300,000 employees providing care at 1,250 health care facilities, including 172 medical centers and 1,069 outpatient sites of care of varying complexity across the continuum, serving 9 million enrolled Veterans each year. VHA facilities are located in all 50 states, Puerto Rico, the U.S Virgin Islands, the Philippines, Guam and American Samoa and serve a diverse population of Veterans.

Specific duties may include, but are not limited to:

Obtain data through advanced computerized models.
Extrapolate data patterns through advanced algorithms.
Develop simple graphs and charts to explain how the mathematical information will influence the specific project or business; and presenting to managers how to best alter their business models to generate profitable future trends.
Prepare reports for executive leadership that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions using relevant data.
Identify opportunities for process improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop action plans.
Create appropriate documentation that allows stakeholders to understand the detailed steps of operational processes and flow of data.

Required Qualifications:

VA Credentialed / PIV Card.
BA/BS Degree.
8+ years? experience.
6+ years? experience working on projects within a healthcare clinical or operational environment focusing on business and clinical process modeling, and data analysis, visualization, and informatics.
In-depth knowledge of VHA Systems and files, to include, but not limited to:
Corporate Data Warehouse (CDW).
Veterans? Health Information Systems and Technology Architecture (VistA).
VHA Support Service Center (VSSC).
VHA Reports and Measurement Portal (RAMP).
Patient Treatment File (PTF) (MedSAS).
Managerial Cost Accounting (MCA) System.
Primary Care Management Module (PCMM).
The National Patient Care Database (NPCD).
Veterans Services Network Corporate Mini Master File (VETSNET File).
Expertise in collaborating with business owners, analysts, programmers, engineers, and clinical and administrative end-users to identify the baseline (as-is) and future state (to-be) of technology and process improvement initiatives; special focus and experience in access to care data, patient experience and quality outcome measures, including supporting clinical/business/administrative processes and corresponding data, such as:
Coordination and transition of care from primary to specialty care.
Consult/referral order management and appointment scheduling.
Prerequisite/ancillary appointment requirements for specialty care (labs and imaging/radiology).
Performance measures, key performance indicators and benchmarks distinguishing same-day access from other appropriate follow up care intervals based on medical necessity.
Experience with interviewing project stakeholders from all levels of an organization to understand strategic business and clinical operations needs and requirements, as well as how the supporting systems operate and interact.
Experience working with various departments to extract data, analyze the data, understand database relationships, and build customized reports/dashboards.
Experience in logically organizing data into customized reports and dashboards utilizing technology tools such as excel, access, pyramid, etc.

Clearance: Must possess a favorable NACI Background check and able to obtain a Secret security clearance.
Location: Washington DC
Travel: Some travel may be required.

Required Qualifications:
VA Credentialed / PIV Card.
BA/BS Degree.
8+ years’ experience.
6+ years’ experience working on projects within a healthcare clinical or operational environment focusing on business and clinical process modeling, and data analysis, visualization, and informatics.
In-depth knowledge of VHA Systems and files, to include, but not limited to:
Corporate Data Warehouse (CDW).
Veterans’ Health Information Systems and Technology Architecture (VistA).
VHA Support Service Center (VSSC).
VHA Reports and Measurement Portal (RAMP).
Patient Treatment File (PTF) (MedSAS).
Managerial Cost Accounting (MCA) System.
Primary Care Management Module (PCMM).
The National Patient Care Database (NPCD).
Veterans Services Network Corporate Mini Master File (VETSNET File).
Expertise in collaborating with business owners, analysts, programmers, engineers, and clinical and administrative end-users to identify the baseline (as-is) and future state (to-be) of technology and process improvement initiatives; special focus and experience in access to care data, patient experience and quality outcome measures, including supporting clinical/business/administrative processes and corresponding data, such as:
Coordination and transition of care from primary to specialty care.
Consult/referral order management and appointment scheduling.
Prerequisite/ancillary appointment requirements for specialty care (labs and imaging/radiology).
Performance measures, key performance indicators and benchmarks distinguishing same-day access from other appropriate follow up care intervals based on medical necessity.
Experience with interviewing project stakeholders from all levels of an organization to understand strategic business and clinical operations needs and requirements, as well as how the supporting systems operate and interact.
Experience working with various departments to extract data, analyze the data, understand database relationships, and build customized reports/dashboards.
Experience in logically organizing data into customized reports and dashboards utilizing technology tools such as excel, access, pyramid, etc.
Clearance: Must possess a favorable NACI Background check and able to obtain a Secret security clearance.
Location: Washington DC
Travel: Some travel may be required."	3701	Washington
Senior Analyst II	JRC Integrated Systems, Inc.	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	JRC is currently seeking a Senior Analyst II. This position will have primary responsibility assist the SP32 Nuclear Weapons Surety program team with various program level focus areas such as Risk Management, Process and Procedures reviews to include content development and staff organization. The Senior Analyst II will assist the government with Root Cause Analysis (RCA) events as required. This position will work closely with SP320, SP321, SP322, SP324. The position requires a SECRET security clearance.JRC offers competitive salaries and a very comprehensive benefits package.*Description: The Senior Analyst II will assist the project managers with Risk Management and support studies and analysis of the Integrated Navy Nuclear Weapons Security System (INWSS) vulnerabilities and performance gaps against stated adversaries based on performance, effectiveness, and return on investment.Key Duties: Maintain program-specific and internal documentation within SSP systems such as LiveLink, SWSNet, SIPRNET, etc.Meeting coordination, facilitation, meeting minute/CDRL development and data repository management.Develop and maintain Integrated Master Schedules (IMS), Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M) associated with the NWS.Program status updates for external program reporting.Program briefs, status reports, memorandums, formal letters, proposed revisions to ordnance documents (OD), Strategic Systems Programs Instructions (SSPInst), and other documentation as required.Assist as needed with systems-engineering-related tasks for the programGeneral Skills/Attributes: Risk Management and RCA/CA support.Risk Management support based on Defense Acquisition University (DAU) training and industry best practices.MS Office suite of tools expertiseMust be able to obtain and maintain a government security clearancePreferred Skills/Qualifications: Technical EditingExperience with SSP Policy and Process development to include SSPINST and ODsINWSS/TPP experienceJRC IntegratedSystems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/VJob Type: Full-time	3701	Washington
Security Documentation Analyst	BMT Group	Bethesda, MD	None	"BMT Designers & Planners is seeking a Security Documentation Analyst to support US Navy clients located in Bethesda, MD. This is a contract position subject to funding with an expected start date of July 12, 2021.

The successful applicant will have at least 5 years of experience providing program assistance including records management, data collection, document organization, and creating and maintaining databases, spreadsheets, forms, documents and records. Must be proficient using MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) and have excellent listening, verbal and written communication skills. Candidate must work well both independently and as a member of a multidisciplinary project team. Dependability and work ethic are important. Responsibilities include:

Inventory support for security information. Collect information on client security containers. Compile, maintain and update security information in an organized database
Assist the Navy client with performing various Base Inventory Tracking System (BITS) functions to maintain control and accountability of classified material.
Assist the Navy client with promulgating and enforcing security policies and guidelines. Support client workforce in achieving compliance with U.S. Navy and NAVSEA security policies and guidelines.
Facilitate Division BITS transmittal and destruction requests and ensure classified material is properly destroyed via approved methods.
Perform secure room and security container audits on a routine basis
Assist secure room and security container custodians with combination changes and maintaining compliance of their rooms and containers
Prepare and scan classified documents onto hard drives and maintain an index of the documents in an organized database.
Assist with preparing and providing security awareness training to employees

Candidate must be a US citizen with a DOD security clearance or employment is contingent upon obtaining a security clearance.

Qualifications

High School Diploma and minimum 5 years’ experience providing program assistance support is required. US Navy support experience highly desirable.
Minimum 3 years’ experience as a security professional supporting senior staff. Position requirements include scanning documents, database entry, maintaining document files, file tracking and cross-referencing.
Excellent communication skills required, including experience coordinating across multiple business lines or technical areas.
Experience developing and maintaining spreadsheets.
Experience with processing/tracking correspondence and document organization.
Dependable, self-starter, proactive professional with excellent work ethic, interested in contributing to individual and team growth"	3701	Washington
Administrator I	MEDSTAR HEALTH	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	"MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute-care teaching and research hospital with 609 beds located in Northwest Washington, D.C. Founded in the Jesuit principle of cura personalis—caring for the whole person—MedStar Georgetown is committed to offering a variety of innovative diagnostic and treatment options within a trusting and compassionate environment.
MedStar Georgetown’s centers of excellence include neurosciences, transplant, cancer and gastroenterology. Along with Magnet® nurses, internationally recognized physicians, advanced research and cutting-edge technologies, MedStar Georgetown’s healthcare professionals have a reputation for medical excellence and leadership
Job Summary
This position serves as Administrative Operations Manager for the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Responsible for personnel, payroll, computerized systems, telecommunications, and facilities as it relates to the department. This position works with all Department Administrators, Associate Administrators, Nursing Coordinators, Managers, and Supervisors in the areas of human resources, facilities, financial planning and department policies, ensuring that all are trained according to these policies. This position works closely with as well as under the general direction of the Department Administrator, actively participating in strategic planning, construction and growth projects. Acts as back-up for the account analyst for the department. These functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and Georgetown University Hospital’s philosophy, policies, procedures and standards.
Education, Experience, and License Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Must have five to seven years of administrative experience, preferably in an academic medical center setting.

Job Responsibilities
PERSONNEL
Initiates and completes all paperwork required for personnel transactions for departmental faculty and staff (ca. 100). Reviews and authorizes signature for department personnel paperwork. Interacts on behalf of the department with human resources, payroll, and medical center. Maintains position log and tracks job descriptions, vacancies, and merits. Works with both GUH and University Human Resources departments.
Determine new position needs and type in consultation with department senior Management Team, physicians or Principal Investigator with attention to fiscal feasibility. Identifies positions and initiates, completes and submits all paperwork required for position reclassification, working closely with Human Resources personnel. Reviews all staff evaluations for accuracy and completeness and instructs department managers as to content.
Instructs and guides department managers as to disciplinary and termination process of all staff, prepares and serves as authorized signature for documents and actively participates in the action. Responds to internal and external grievance inquires and participates in other labor relations activities. Recommends and initiates staff incentive action and other staff morale development activities.
Develops and maintains spreadsheet tracking of all department staff competency requirements, license requirements and ensures managers enable staff to complete as needed.
Orients all permanent and temporary employees to the department. Interviews and assists with the selection of candidates for various positions.
Expert for the department regarding personnel policy and procedures. Ensures that department policies are in accordance with Medical Center and external regulatory policies and legislation. In absence of Department Administrator has authority to make operational decisions to keep department goals on target.
Establishes and maintains current policies for department concerning dress code, office hours, staff functions, holidays, and others as needed. Trains department managers on policies and monitors compliance.
Ensures that Pay for Performance standards are being met. Participates in the establishment of and monitors merit budget at the division/unit level.
Develops and enacts reduction in force procedures for department as necessitated.
PAYROLL
Responsible for a faculty and staff payroll in excess of eight million dollars yearly, insuring the correct allocation of salaries as it relates to department and hospital cost centers.
Prepares and approves department faculty and staff PTF's and payroll journal vouchers as needed to ensure correct salary amounts and accurate salary allocations.
Expert for department regarding salary offers for new hires addressing like position equity and conducts salary discussions with new hires.
Handles or directs all tasks related to biweekly and monthly payroll, i.e. calculates and approves weekly department payroll, distributes checks, and prepares memos and paperwork for corrections.
Reviews paperwork submitted by satellite offices for accuracy. Responsible for security of checks.
Ensures that all deadlines have been met and employees are paid on time. Verifies leave accruals.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT, FUNCTIONS, AND COMMUNICATIONS
As department Telecommunications Manager: Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all submitted telephone service requests. Determines which services are needed by individuals. Reviews department phone bills for accuracy and to determine areas where costs could be cut.
Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all computer/printer service requests i.e. moves, access, and software. Orders and maintains office equipment to include: copiers, fax machine, telephones, pagers, dictation/transcription equipment, lounge appliances, and others as needed. Recommends new capital equipment purchases as needed. Participates in allocating furniture, signage, and other office resources.
Facility Maintenance: Contact and liaison for engineering, housekeeping facilities, and security. Approves all key requests. Obtains space renovation estimates. Coordinates all department office moves and signage requests.
Authorized signature for expense authorizations in the absence of the Account Analyst.
Active member of Practice Oversight Committee reviewing Practice trends and advising/recommending changes to enhance financial stability, JACHO compliance, customer service and staff longevity.
Exemplifies Guest and Staff Relations standards in all activities and holds staff accountable for conformity with those standards in all activities.
Assumes other duties and responsibilities that are appropriate to the position and area. The above responsibilities are a general description of the level and nature of the work assigned to this classification and are not to be considered as all inclusive.
About MedStar Health
MedStar Health is dedicated to providing the highest quality care for people in Maryland and the Washington, D.C., region, while advancing the practice of medicine through education, innovation and research. Our 30,000 associates and 5,400 affiliated physicians work in a variety of settings across our health system, including 10 hospitals and more than 300 community-based locations, the largest visiting nurse association in the region, and highly respected institutes dedicated to research and innovation. As the medical education and clinical partner of Georgetown University for more than 20 years, MedStar is dedicated not only to teaching the next generation of doctors, but also to the continuing education and professional development of our whole team. MedStar Health offers diverse opportunities for career advancement and personal fulfillment."	3701	Washington
Security Analyst Sr. Analyst	Accenture	Arlington, VA	None	"Mortgage Cadence, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accenture, has been partnering with mortgage lenders since 1999, offering the industry’s only true one-stop shop mortgage technology solutions designed for point-of-sale through post-closing. In a time when efficiency, speed and the customer experience are paramount to the success of lenders, Mortgage Cadence offers the most reliable software and dedicated people, supporting lenders every step of the way. Each of our products has revolutionized the mortgage lending process in some way, changing the way lenders lend and borrowers finance.
As a software company, we think like a start-up, with every employee empowered and encouraged to be visionary. Teamwork and innovation define what we do as we take our customers into the future by providing the last lending solution they will ever need.
Work with the business to define technical and functional requirements covering areas of software design and hosting.
Assess the software security architecture, ensuring that it meets the business requirements and performance goals as defined by the long term direction.
Work with other software infrastructure architects and leads to ensure that the security components security technology, operations, and management are integrated into the design as defined in the requirements.
Participate in decisions regarding software design architecture.
Participate in the security architecture analysis, design, and implementation, and ensure that software products fulfill the requirements.
Participate in decisions regarding hardware, network products, and software for security architecture.
When applicable, work with the solution integration architects on these tasks.
Obtain stakeholder buy in for designs.
Validate the design with the stakeholders to ensure that the design satisfies the requirements.
Review security architecture deliverables throughout software system development to ensure quality and requirement traceability.
Identify and communicate any cross area or cross release issues that affect other project areas.
Ensure adherence to all quality management plans and standards by participating in quality management reviews.
Make sure that the security components interact to fulfill the requirements and meet performance goals.
Participate in confirming the completeness and consistency of the design deliverables.
Assist with Resolution of any inconsistencies discovered.

Minimum of 2 years’ experience analyzing Application and Infrastucture Security Architectures
Minimum of 2 years’ experience Security Governance and Risk Management Pursuant to the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, if you are located in Colorado, the expected salary range for this role is 61,600 - 97,20 and information on benefits offered is here. If you are not located in Colorado, the salary range may be different.
What We Believe
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment.
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation.
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement.
Requesting An Accommodation
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired.
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter.
Other Employment Statements
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States.
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."	3701	Washington
Senior Analyst, Market Manipulation	Finra	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"The Senior Analyst conducts routine reviews of moderate complexity in search of unusual market activity for evidence of violations of applicable federal securities laws and FINRA and/or RSA client rules and regulations and assists senior staff on more complex assignments. This is competent-level professional work in which incumbents are refining and expanding skills, and working under limited supervision and moderate guidance.
Essential Job Functions:
Demonstrate superior knowledge of the assigned program: Attend and actively participate in department training; Attend internal and/or external seminars when required; Demonstrate a strong understanding of the preventive compliance process.
Possess high-level proficiency in all assigned areas/reviews, procedures, and FINRA and/or RSA client, and SEC rules; Identify, research and analyze data independently; conduct lead and/or solo investigations of moderate complexity with moderate supervision; Properly document and clearly present examination findings; When necessary, assist other analysts in conducting routine examinations.
Effectively and efficiently manage the daily workload to ensure tasks are completed within department/management time frames: Start, complete, and revise assigned exams within the established timeframes; Notify supervisor on a timely basis of any circumstances that may cause material changes to the projected completion dates.
Utilize computer resources and software applications for data analysis in the investigative/review process: Effectively utilize these resources in documenting routine reviews and investigations; All related activities (time and milestone dates) must be entered accurately, completely and timely in accordance with Department policy.
Effectively communicate and coordinate with member firms and fellow analysts: Demonstrate effective verbal and written communication skills; Share knowledge of markets with less experienced staff; conduct effective background/trading desk interviews and exit conferences; Prepare and submit well-organized, detailed, and accurate examination reports; Periodically update your manager on exam progress; Take initiative and request additional assignments when workload permits; Work with more experienced staff to further enhance knowledge base.
Education/Experience Requirements
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience demonstrating research/analytical skills.
Major in Finance, Accounting, Business or related field preferred.
At least four (4) years of related experience required.
Knowledge of securities industry rules, regulations and guidelines preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills required.
Competence using a desktop computer with the full suite of office software applications required.
Working Conditions:
Work is normally performed in an office environment.
Extended hours and overnight travel are required.
Ability to work under pressure.
Attention to detail is essential.
Strong verbal and written communication skills and technical capabilities are essential to position.
To be considered for this position, please submit an application.
The information provided above has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work of the position. It is not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required.
Please note: If the “Apply Now” button on a job board posting does not take you directly to the FINRA Careers site, enter www.finra.org/careers into your browser to reach our site directly.
FINRA strives to make our career site accessible to all users. If you need a disability-related accommodation for completing the application process, please contact FINRA’s accommodation help line at 240.386.4865. Please note that this number is exclusively for inquiries regarding application accommodations.
In addition to a competitive salary, comprehensive health and welfare benefits, and incentive compensation, FINRA offers immediate participation and vesting in a 401(k) plan with company match. You will also be eligible for participation in an additional FINRA-funded retirement contribution, our tuition reimbursement program and many other benefits. If you would like to contribute to our important mission and work collegially in a professional organization that values intelligence, integrity and initiative, consider a career with FINRA.
Important Information
FINRA’s Code of Conduct imposes restrictions on employees’ investments and requires financial disclosures that are uniquely related to our role as a securities regulator. FINRA employees are required to disclose to FINRA all brokerage accounts that they maintain, and those in which they control trading or have a financial interest (including any trust account of which they are a trustee or beneficiary and all accounts of a spouse, domestic partner or minor child who lives with the employee) and to authorize their broker-dealers to provide FINRA with duplicate statements for all of those accounts. All of those accounts are subject to the Code’s investment and securities account restrictions, and new employees must comply with those investment restrictions—including disposing of any security issued by a company on FINRA’s Prohibited Company List or obtaining a written waiver from their Executive Vice President—by the date they begin employment with FINRA. Employees may only maintain securities accounts that must be disclosed to FINRA at one or more securities firms that provide an electronic feed (e-feed) of data to FINRA, and must move securities accounts from other securities firms to a firm that provides an e-feed within three months of beginning employment.
You can read more about these restrictions here .
As standard practice, employees must also execute FINRA’s Employee Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreement without qualification or modification and comply with the company’s policy on nepotism.
Search Firm Representatives
Please be advised that FINRA is not seeking assistance or accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms for this employment opportunity. Regardless of past practice, a valid written agreement and task order must be in place before any resumes are submitted to FINRA. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at FINRA without a valid written agreement and task order in place will be deemed the sole property of FINRA and no fee will be paid in the event that person is hired by FINRA.
FINRA is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, citizenship status, color, disability, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal state or local laws as appropriate, or upon the protected status of the person’s relatives, friends or associates.
FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.
FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.
©2020 FINRA. All rights reserved. FINRA is a registered trademark of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc."	3701	Washington
USAID/AFR Operations Program Assistant	Dexis Consulting Group	Washington, DC	None	"About Us:

Dexis Professional Services (DPS) is a professional services firm that solves the most pressing social challenges in complex environments, paving the way for a more secure and prosperous world.
DPS embraces diversity, equity, and inclusion and strives to build and maintain a safe environment where we celebrate diverse backgrounds, treat everyone with respect, and value the unique lived experiences each person brings based on their race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, military or veteran status, national origin, age, marital status or family status and related conditions.
At DPS, you will experience a corporate culture of inclusiveness, fairness, and trust. You will be given the means and mentorship needed to succeed, and your creativity will be rewarded.
About the Position:

Global Solutions Ventures (GSV) — a joint-venture partnership between ZemiTek, LLC and Dexis Consulting Group — is seeking a Public Relations Specialist in support of upcoming work with the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) Bureau for Africa (AFR)
USAID/AFR works with its partners to improve access to and delivery of health services, to support more accountable and democratic institutions, to start businesses and foster an environment attractive to private investment, and to stave off conflict and strengthen communities. In Fiscal Year 2020, USAID and the U.S. Department of State provided $8.5 billion of assistance to 47 countries and 8 regional programs in sub-Saharan Africa.
The Operations Program Assistant (OPA) will work closely with the program management team to rpovide adminsitrative, logisitcal, and operational support for the team. The OPA will have the opportunity to support mission-critical work across USAID/AFR's portfolio of technical areas.
This position is contingent upon award.
Responsibilities:

The Operations Program Assistant (OPA) will cover the reception area and overall office space.
S/he will report to the SPM and work closely with the Deputy Program Manager and Financial Analyst, and provide overall administrative, recruitment, and travel support.
The OPA will provide support to the contract by performing a variety of both complex and routine administrative and analytical duties.
These duties range from administrative-type tasks such as scheduling briefings and meetings, arranging travel and maintaining program files, to more complex analytical-type tasks such as collecting, compiling, and analyzing data for various program documents and designing and maintaining spreadsheets in support of tracking systems.
The OPA ranks tasks in order of importance and impending deadlines and handles several tasks simultaneously.
The individual must develop a working knowledge of USAID policies and guidelines, as well as corporate practices and procedures.

Qualifications:

Minimum Requirements:
The position requires a bachelor’s degree and 1 year of relevant experience.
Requires proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office, Internet, Google Drive and e-mail applications.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to work with high-level/senior officers at USAID.
Experience in the use of database applications is recommended.
Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for a Secret-level security clearance.
Preferred Requirements:
Background in African economic development, trade, public health, or similar
Second language
At Dexis Professional Services (DPS) we align ourselves with the core values of our parent company, Dexis Consulting Group (Dexis).
Dexis is on a mission to help solve today’s most pressing global political, social, and economic challenges and create a world where all people are safe and prosperous. As a Dexis employee, you will be challenged, empowered, and mentored. Our motto is “find a way or make a way” — that’s how Dexis goes “all in.” How will you?
If you are passionate about this opportunity, apply now!
Only those applicants who meet the above criteria will be contacted for interview.
Dexis is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, national origin, religion, pregnancy, disability, age, genetic information, military service, veteran status, ethnicity, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, childbirth and related medical conditions, including lactation, or any other protected class under applicable law."	3701	Washington
Emergency Management- Focused Planning Opportunities	ICF	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"ICF employs a diverse variety of subject-matter experts to assist our clients at the state, local, tribal, territorial, and federal levels in dealing with complex challenges in responding to, recovering from, and mitigating impacts from disasters and other emergencies. Our nationwide teams of experts provide strategic consulting services and support to emergency management and public health agencies throughout the United States and its affiliated territories. Our talented personnel possess a keen understanding of all aspects of the emergency management life cycle and share the mission-oriented focus of the agencies that we serve at all levels of government.
We are actively seeking candidates across a range of experience levels with backgrounds in emergency management planning, hazard-specific expertise (pandemics, biological incidents, earthquake, hurricanes etc.), or other functional areas of specialization (e.g., response planning, housing, infrastructure, emergency communications, economic recovery).
Please apply if you have experience with response, recovery, or mitigation planning and stakeholder engagement support for emergency management or public health agencies at any level of government. Candidates possessing recent experience employing or working within the Community Lifelines organizational construct developed in recent years by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) are strongly encouraged to apply.
Basic Requirements:
US Citizenship
Must be able to obtain a Public Trust security clearance
Minimum 5 years of working on planning-related projects or management of information documents
Experience with emergency management response programs
We are interviewing for the following:
Emergency Management Planners (Senior)
Emergency Management Planners (Mid-level)
Emergency Management Planners (Junior)
Public Health Preparedness SMEs
Pandemic Planners
Exercise Designers and Facilitators
Geographic Information Systems (GIS) and Data Analysts
Technical Writers
Technical Editors (QA/QC Reviewers)
Graphic Designers
Training Instructors
Information Technology Analyst
Although remote work is anticipated, priority will be given to applicants with the ability to attend meetings and interact with clients in the following cities or surrounding metropolitan areas:
Atlanta, GA
Boston, MA
Chicago, IL
Dallas/Fort Worth, TX
Denver, CO
Kansas City, MO
New York, NY
Philadelphia, PA
Oakland, CA
Seattle, WA
Washington, DC
Working at ICF
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy .
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement .
Washington, DC (DC02)"	3701	Washington
Senior Financial Analyst	INDUS Technology, Inc.	Washington, DC 20374 (Anacostia area)	None	"Job Title: Financial Analyst, Sr.
Job Requisition Number: 20210621M10

Work Location (City, St where job will be performed): Washington Navy Yard, Washington, D.C.
Employment Type: Full-time
Pay Type: Exempt/Salaried
Security Clearance: SECRET
Travel Required: Yes
Job Summary:
The Financial Analyst, Sr. will provide financial management expertise and foreign military sales (FMS) experience to support multiple customer / country programs. Apply knowledge of FMS financial reconciliation to support the Government financial managers in reconciling FMS case financials, and responding to Program Reviews, Financial Reviews and case closure efforts.
Job Duties:
The contractor shall provide financial management services for execution, reconciliation and case closure as they relate to FMS cases and FMS-Admin funded efforts.
Prepare a variety of reimbursable and direct cite funds usage and financial documents such as, Project Directives (PD), Work Requests (WR), Procurement Initiation Documents (PIDs), Purchase Requests (PRs), PX documents and Obligation Authority (OA) worksheets.
Track financial status of issued documents in the appropriate accounting system and assist in the maintenance of FMS financial files.
Prepare or update draft of program budget/financial requirements, financial schedules, scheduling alternatives, and work packages in support of financial planning, budgeting, analyses.
Prepare and review draft case documentation in conjunction with amendments and/or modifications.
Conduct research and prepare financial data in support of key financial reviews.
Reconcile and identify financial discrepancies within and between case data and accounting systems and, if required, recommend corrective actions.
Monitor FMS Case and Admin financial reports from applicable accounting systems to identify commitment, obligation, expenditure, and disbursement discrepancies.
Submit correction packages via Package Action Tracking System (PATS) in accordance with established guidelines.
Mandatory Skill Requirements (must have):
Ten (10) years of Navy financial experience, including experience in FMS financial execution and reconciliation
Proficiency and experience with Security Cooperation Information Portal (SCIP), Navy Enterprise Resource Management (NERP), Management Information System International Logistics (MISIL), Defense Integrated Financial System (DIFS), Consolidated Expenditure and Reimbursement Processing System (CERPS) and Mechanization of Contract Administration Services (MOCAS).
Self-motivated, possess strong analytical skills and be customer-oriented.
Clearly communicate ideas to others verbally and in writing.
Highly experienced and proficient with standard business tools such as Microsoft Office Suite (i.e. Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Project) and web-enabled collaboration platforms/applications.
Desired Skill Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance or Financial Management
Education/Equivalent:
Bachelor's Degree
Special Considerations or Comments:
Position is contingent upon Award, Funding and Clearance."	3701	Washington
Defense Congressional Analyst, Mid	Booz Allen Hamilton	Washington, DC	None	"Key Role:
Provide a Navy client with legislative and congressional support throughout the annual Defense Authorization and Appropriations process. Leverage existing Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) systems and databases to coordinate, track, report, and make appropriate analysis and recommendations to support government decisions on requirements, milestones, and progress. Provide analysis to support the development and implementation of Navy and Marine Corps strategy and policy. Analyze risk-based strategies for legislative processes and planning. Analyze and track metrics for strategy implementation. Provide analysis to identify, define, and close requirements using the legislative process.
Basic Qualifications:
1+ years of experience in a professional work environment
Experience with Congressional or legislative affairs and the Congressional Authorization and Appropriations process, the DoD legislative process, including program objective memorandum (POM) preparation, and working around senior Congressional staff and officials
Experience with Navy staff or Defense, Joint Staff, or Combatant Command staff
Experience with requirements analysis and identification in Navy and Marine Corps programs
Experience with regular direct client interactions, including supporting project delivery, delivering presentations, leading client meetings, and working independently, creatively, and analytically in a problem-solving environment
Experience with Microsoft Office Suite, including Outlook, Excel, Word, and PowerPoint
Knowledge of data analysis and visualization tools
Ability to track and comprehend acquisition and procurement goals as they move through the legislative cycle and plan, organize, and execute tasks with minimal direction
Secret clearance
BA or BS degree
Additional Qualifications
Experience with the Program Budget Information System (PBIS)
Experience with Navy ERP
Experience with reviewing and drafting 'Reclamas' to Congressional Defense Committee's as part of annual Authorization and Appropriations process
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	3701	Washington
Senior Analyst - Remote (Southeast Region, US)	FireEye, Inc.	Alexandria, VA	None	"Company Description

FireEye is the intelligence-led security company. Working as a seamless, scalable extension of customer security operations, FireEye offers a single platform that blends innovative security technologies, nation-state grade threat intelligence, and world-renowned Mandiant® consulting. With this approach, FireEye eliminates the complexity and burden of cyber security for organizations struggling to prepare for, prevent, and respond to cyber attacks. Learn more about FireEye's world-class solutions and global footprint at https://www.fireeye.com/company.html.

Job Description
If you have an interest or background in using real world APT intelligence to solve complex technical problems, then we want to hear from you!
On the Special Programs and Innovation (SPI) Team we are focused creating innovative solutions to keep FireEye on the front lines of Threat Intelligence. Specifically, the SPI team focuses on applying technical expertise to allow our customers to better utilize our data, and to create new and innovative ways for FireEye to collet Threat Intelligence. One of SPI’s critical projects is our adversary emulation solution, which focuses on synthesizing FireEye’s intelligence to build industry-leading scenarios replication adversary behavior, for use by Red Teams and Cyber Trainers.
The goal of this project is to gain an understanding of FireEye’s intelligence and incident responses processes, and then apply engineering and malware analysis skills to create scenarios emulating adversaries from APT, FIN, or other groups.
Responsibilities:
Conduct extensive research into current threat activity to determine customer-relevant threat intelligence
Distill threat intelligence about an adversary into actionable adversary emulation scenarios
Apply malware analysis principals to understand the tools, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) used by an adversary
Repurpose real world malware to create realistic attack scenarios
Work with a small team and develop technical solutions in support of intelligence consulting efforts

Qualifications

Have extensive knowledge on how an Offensive Cyber Operation is conducted
Has a background in Malware analysis
Basic understanding of Windows operating systems internals.
Experience with X86 and AMD-64 assembly and system architecture.
Ability to document and explain technical details clearly and concisely
Ability to understand and communicate intelligence data
Additional Information
At FireEye we are committed to our #OneTeam approach combining diversity, collaboration, and excellence. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.
This is a regionally-based role that must be located in: Virginia, Washington DC, Maryland, or New England."	3701	Washington
Senior Knowledge Analyst- Security and Defense	The Boston Consulting Group	Washington, DC	None	"12252BR
Knowledge & Research
WHAT YOU'LL DO

We are seeking an outstanding candidate with experience in topics key to our fast-growing Defense & Security sector and larger Public Sector Practice Area. As a Senior Knowledge Analyst (SKA) on the Knowledge Team’s Client Focus (CF) Track you will primarily focus on supporting our consulting teams through in-depth client engagement with U.S. Federal Government clients, providing expertise and insights on defense and security-related topics including Artificial Intelligence, Digital Innovation, Cybersecurity, Acquisition/Procurement, Sustainment/Readiness, Space, and Organizational Transformation.

You will work in a growing global team, delivering value to clients via individual expertise and/or institutionalized knowledge assets (products, tools, data, workshops, frameworks, surveys, domain-specific data, and related expertise, etc.). You will support client cases and proposals by contributing relevant analysis and insights and help case teams create strong impact for the client. While contributing to client cases, workshops and proposals, occasional travel to serve clients onsite during staffing assignments is expected to build understanding of client requirements and design / develop solutions.

You will dedicate approximately 60% of your time to directly supporting client work, with your remaining time spent making us the thought leaders in the industry by contributing research, analysis, and insights to intellectual property in conjunction with our Defense & Security business leaders.
YOU'RE GOOD AT
Working collaboratively and effectively in a group dynamic that is often virtual, and proficient in agile ways of working; you are also a self-starter and work effectively in a large, global organization with remote team members.
Taking ownership of tasks and projects, proactively driving them to a successful outcome.
Writing clearly and concisely, with a demonstrated ability to communicate complex ideas to a broad range of audiences.
Using your expertise and experience to problem solve, including through formulating relevant research and/or analytical approaches for client cases and internal projects.
Aptly handling ambiguity and thriving in a fast-moving and changing environment.
Soliciting feedback and seeking continuous improvement in knowledge, expertise, and performance
Working across a diverse range of defense and security-related topics and are eager to partner with others on researching and developing thought leadership and insightful IP.
Communicating with senior stakeholders, in a credible and confident way, both written and in-person; you are at ease presenting to senior officials and leaders in government.
Bringing a curious and creative mindset; you are flexible, open to new things, and able to propose innovative ideas.
YOU BRING (EXPERIENCE & QUALIFICATIONS)
3-6 years of relevant consulting or U.S. Federal government experience in the defense and security field; candidates with consulting experience strongly preferred. Relevant experience includes roles within U.S. government agencies working on a variety of topics, including but not limited to: artificial intelligence, space, acquisition/procurement/operations, organizational transformation, cybersecurity, sustainment/readiness, technology/innovation; or as a consultant or advisor to the U.S. Federal Government advising on the aforementioned topics.
In lieu of consulting experience, 3-6 years minimum industry experience required; 6+ years of industry experience strongly preferred.
Bachelors’ degree in related fields of study (e.g. Economics, Finance, Accounting, Public Policy, International Affairs, History, Journalism, Ethics of Artificial Intelligence, Cyber, National Security Studies etc.), with demonstrated high academic achievement (advanced degree preferred).
Fluency in English.
A strong understanding of Defense and Security institutions within the U.S. Federal Government.
Strong business acumen and problem-solving capabilities.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, (e.g. experience briefing senior leaders, publications of thought-leadership on relevant topics, etc.).
US citizenship required.
Active TS clearance with SCI eligibility and Full Scope polygraph required.
YOU'LL WORK WITH
Our knowledge and research specialists collaborate with global colleagues across BCG to bring expertise and capabilities to the service of our clients. Our team is made up of a diverse pool of knowledge and research positions that allow us to pursue exciting, innovative research careers.
CITY
Washington, D.C.
COUNTRY
United States
YOUR EMPLOYEE TYPE IS
Regular
YOUR JOB TYPE IS
Full time
WHO WE ARE
Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we work closely with clients to embrace a transformational approach aimed at benefiting all stakeholders—empowering organizations to grow, build sustainable competitive advantage, and drive positive societal impact.

Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives that question the status quo and spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting, technology and design, and corporate and digital ventures. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization, fueled by the goal of helping our clients thrive and enabling them to make the world a better place.
Knowledge@BCG consists of the Knowledge Team (KT), Data & Research Services (DRS) and Knowledge & Collaboration Solution (KCS). KT is a group of experts within respective fields or areas providing industry, functional and geographic expertise to consulting teams. KT members are aligned to Practice Areas, sometimes serving as members of case or project teams. KT offers insight into a topic or function derived from BCG’s knowledge base and case/project experience. The members of our DRS team work alongside consulting team colleagues to bring advanced research capabilities to support projects and clients. KCS team is a cross-functional team equipping BCGers with internal and external knowledge resources and digital collaboration tools, enabling them to work smarter and with increased productivity
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws."	3701	Washington
Management and Program Analyst	US Peace Corps	Washington, DC	$62,133 - $138,970 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position will be assigned to work within one of three Peace Corps geographic regions and will be responsible for informing the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) and Senior Staff on the Region’s budget adherence and implementation efforts under appropriated and diversified funding initiatives such as PEPFAR, Feed the Future, Global Education Framework, CDC's Saving Mothers, Giving Life, etc. The incumbent also serves as Acting CAO during periods of CAO absence.

Responsibilities
The Management and Program Analyst assists the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) and other Senior Staff in the Region with:

Financial planning and management of the Region
Oversight of all financial and administrative procedures at headquarters
The administrative/budgetary sections within host country post operations
Managing and directing all major activities involving Volunteer Years and Trainee Inputs
Providing oversight on internal funding of Programming and Training activities
Managing and planning staffing at headquarters and overseas posts

The Management and Program Analyst also performs the following major duties:

Serves as an organizational expert and works closely with internal offices on budgeting, financial management issues, proposed changes and activities including PEPFAR and other diversified funding agreements in the Regions.
Analyzes data from a variety of sources to prepare reports reflecting regional patterns and trends of PEPFAR and other diversified funding sources.
Provides assistance to overseas posts in the development and execution of annual budgets.
Assists in reviewing post audits and investigative reports to determine appropriate changes and corrective action required.
Assists in implementing new agency administrative programs and systems within the organization, such as the application of new budgetary procedures, or implementation of new standards.
As necessary, performs visits to country programs to provide temporary assistance.
Serves as an integral part of an organization's management team. Provides financial and administrative program advice to CAO and other Senior Staff. Recommends approval or disapproval of requests for resources to the CAO.
Assists with coordination and tracking of travel and logistics for the region.
Serves as a Purchase Card Holder for the Region.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - As necessary, the Management and Program Analyst performs visits to country programs to provide temporary assistance. This may require travel to remote locations in developing countries.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
03
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Logistics
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Budget Officers
Logistics Analysts
Management Analysts
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Please refer to ""Conditions of Employment""
Intelligence Background Information

Peace Corps Manual Section 611 is applicable to this position. This section prohibits the employment of certain persons previously engaged in intelligence activities or connected with intelligence agencies within the past 10 years. If you have ever worked for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), you are not eligible for employment at the Peace Corps in any capacity, and you should not apply for employment.

PC-1336 Form: Applicants who are found to be otherwise qualified will be required to submit upon request in the future a completed PC-1336 form, or narrative signed statement, indicating whether the applicant has been involved in or has had any connection with intelligence activities or related work and, if so, the nature and dates of his or her involvement. Failure to meet this requirement will result in the applicant being rated ineligible for further consideration. If you have any other type of possible intelligence connection, your application will not be further considered until you submit this form. Except when the CIA or the National Security Agency (NSA) is involved (see below), if your connection with an Intelligence Agency involves an immediate family member who works or has worked in intelligence, the immediate family member should complete the form, not the applicant. Usually relying on memory is sufficient to answer most if not all of the questions. If you have an immediate family member who works or has worked for the CIA, you should not give them this form to complete. Please contact your relative in person—not by phone, email, social networking, or any other means that is not in person— and ask him or her to contact the Office of General Counsel at the CIA.

If you or an immediate family member have been employed by or associated with the NSA, you or your family member must contact the NSA Prepublication Review Office at 443-634-4095.
Qualifications
Specialized Experience:

You must meet the specialized experience at the grade level(s) in which you choose to be considered by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) on the closing date of the announcement. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. To ensure full credit for your experience, please indicate dates of employment by month, day, and year and the number of hours worked per week in your resume.

This vacancy is being announced at two (2) grade levels:

FP-03 (Education cannot be substituted for experience at this level)

Qualifying experience for the FP-03 level includes one year of specialized experience at least equivalent to the FP-04 or GS-11/12 grade level which is in or directly related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience includes: Experience managing budgeting and financial issues regarding appropriated and diversified funding sources for varied departments within an organization; experience evaluating financial trends and utilizing principles, concepts, methods, and techniques of budgeting in order to conduct work; Experience analyzing trends across annual and multi-year budget estimates in order to provide advisory services for assigned departments; Experience formulating budget policy and developing integrated budgets to fulfill multi-year program objectives; Experience providing training, guidance and the interpretation of new or revised policy to lower level specialists within the work unit, as well as presenting budget-related recommendations to senior staff and/or working groups within the organization to improve procedures.

FP-4

Qualifying experience for the FP-4 level includes one year of specialized experience at least equivalent to the FP-5 or GS-09/10 grade level which is in or directly related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience includes: Experience monitoring, researching, analyzing and evaluating the development, formulation and/or execution of budgets for a department within an organization; experience utilizing principles, concepts, methods, and techniques of budgeting in order to conduct work; Experience analyzing trends across annual budget estimates in order to provide advisory services for an assigned department; Experience conducting studies of organizational efficiency and employee productivity and recommending program improvements to senior staff and/or working groups within the organization.

or

Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree; OR 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree; OR LL.M., if related

FP-5

Qualifying experience for the FP-5 level includes one year of specialized experience at least equivalent to the FP-7 or GS-07 grade level which is in or directly related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience includes: Experience applying analytical and evaluative methods and techniques to issues or studies concerning the efficiency and effectiveness of program operations; Demonstrated knowledge of pertinent laws, regulations, policies and precedents which affect the use of program and related support resources; Experience in adapting analytical techniques and evaluation criteria to the measurement and improvement of program effectiveness and/or organizational productivity; Demonstrated skill in conducting detailed analyses of complex functions and work processes.

or

Master's or equivalent graduate degree; OR 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree; OR L.L.B. or J.D., if related.
Additional information on qualification requirements is outlined in the OPM Qualifications Standards Handbook of General Schedule Positions. It is available for your review on the OPM web site at https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/.

Time-in-Grade Requirements: Internal applicants and Federal employees who are currently holding, or who has held within the previous 52 weeks, a position under a non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet ""time-in-grade"" requirements (have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade of the grade for which you are applying). NOTE: All current or former Federal employees (including internal employees) must provide a copy of their SF-50 (you may need to submit more than one), ""Notice of Personnel Action"" that indicates proof of status and time-in-grade eligibility. The SF-50 must include your position, title, series, grade, step, tenure, and type of service (Competitive or Excepted).
All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement. Qualification claims will be subject to verification.
Education
This position has no Individual Occupational Requirements.
Additional information
Peace Corps Information
This is a Federal civilian job in the Excepted Service. PC employees are paid on the Foreign Service scale and employment is limited NTE 5 years.
Qualified internal applicants will be given first consideration.
Additional hiring needs may be filled through this vacancy.
National Service (e.g., volunteer) refers to paid & unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, community, student).
Peace Corps is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors.
Peace Corps is a drug free workplace and promotes a drug free environment.
Peace Corps is committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive culture. Our goal is to attract and develop the best and brightest from all lifestyles and backgrounds. Peace Corps strives to create a culture of inclusion where individuals feel respected and are treated fairly in all aspects of differences. Our commitment is to make a difference in the lives of people around the world.
Peace Corps provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the hiring process, please notify the Office of Human Resources by calling 202-692-1200 or the Office of Civil Rights and Diversity on 202-692-2139. Decisions on granting reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.
Conditions of Employment
Applicants must be U.S. citizens.
You must successfully complete a background security investigation with favorable adjudication. Failure to successfully meet this requirement will be grounds for employment termination.
All male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must have registered for the selective service. If selected for this position, you must sign a statement certifying your registration, or you must demonstrate exempt status under the Selective Service Law.
Prior Intelligence Activity or Related Work: Individuals who have been engaged in certain intelligence activity or related work or who have been employed by or connected with an intelligence agency are ineligible for employment with Peace Corps. Acceptance of employment with Peace Corps precludes employment by certain intelligence organizations for a specific period of time, determined by the employing agency, after Peace Corps employment ceases.
All Federal employees are required to have federal salary payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their choosing.
A one (1) year trial period is required.
This job has been identified as a testing designated position under our Drug-Free Workplace Program. Therefore, you must satisfactorily complete a drug test prior to being hired. As an employee, you will be subject to random drug testing.
This is a bargaining unit position.

If you have questions regarding this vacancy, you may contact peacecorpsjobs@peacecorps.gov. In the subject line, include the vacancy #, position title and closing date.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application will be evaluated based on your resume, attached supporting documentation and your responses to the self-assessment questionnaire. Your materials will be evaluated to validate your possession of any required knowledge, skills, abilities (KSA) and/or competencies. The following competencies will be evaluated in the self-assessment questionnaire:

Administration and Management
Budget Administration
Written Communication
Oral Communication

Please note that a complete application is required for consideration; including any documentation that is being used for qualifications. Your resume and supporting documentation will be reviewed by a Human Resources Specialist, which must support the answers you provided. Falsifying your background, education, and/or experience is cause for disqualification.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you must submit a complete Application Package. This includes: a detailed resume, a completed electronic self-assessment questionnaire, an SF-50 (for current and former Federal employees, including internal employees), and the submission of any other required documents. All required documents listed below, that are applicable to you, must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement.

Resume: Include relevant work experience including job title, duties and accomplishments, employer name and address, supervisor name and phone number, start and end dates, hours per week & salary. If you are a current Federal employee or former Federal employee, provide your pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09).

Veterans Documents: Veterans' preference in appointment does not apply to this vacancy; however, if you are using your 30% or more disability rating to be considered, you must attach all required documentation; including a DD-214 reflecting the type of discharge, the SF-15 and a VA Letter. Proof of a service-connected disability is required at the time of application. For more information regarding veterans’ preference, please review the OPM Vet Guide.

Federal Employees: If you are a current or former Federal employee (including internal employees), you must provide a copy of your most recent SF-50 (and/or the SF-50 which verifies your reinstatement eligibility). Please note that this appointment does not convey career or career-conditional tenure in the competitive service; however, federal employees who have earned career tenure will not lose it as a result of this appointment.

Qualifications Based on Education or a Combination of Education and Experience: If you are qualifying based on education or a combination of education and experience, you must submit a copy of your transcript(s) or an appropriate course listing with a diploma. Education must be accredited by an institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be used towards qualifications. Therefore, applicants must report only attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by recognized institutions. Applicants can verify accreditation at the following website.

Note: All applicants (including internal) are required to submit the applicable documents listed above as verification of eligibility. If you fail to provide the information requested, or the information you submit is insufficient to verify your eligibility, you may lose consideration for these positions.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Peace Corps employees receive the same benefits as other Federal employees. This includes health insurance plans, a retirement system with investment options, paid holidays, paid sick and annual (vacation) leave, life insurance, incentive systems and training and development opportunities. Employees located in the United States may also receive subsidized transportation, flexible work schedules, and family work life programs.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
• United States Citizens • Current or former Federal employees • Internal agency employees; including agency temporary employees, eligible agency Experts, and eligible agency personal services contactors • 30% Disabled Veterans • Individuals with disabilities"	3701	Washington
JPAS/Security Packages - Project Data Analyst (Secret clearance)	Cloud Lake	Chantilly, VA	None	"Cloud Lake Technology, an Akima Company, is a provider of services to today’s Big Data and Cloud market with one crucial difference: our services are highly-specialized, data-centric services. This enables us to focus laser-like on helping our government and commercial customers quickly and cost effectively harvest, analyze and leverage the greatest possible value from the increasingly vast amounts of data they are acquiring and need to manage. Cloud Lake’s strategic partners include leaders in virtually every area of IT strategy, implementation and management.

Job Summary:

Cloud Lake Technology is looking to hire a Project Data Analyst who understands JPAS and has experience working with Security Packages to join us supporting one of our current government customers.
Responsibilities:
Perform background screens of prospective hires using Government systems.
Manage general business operations based on candidates, security, customer needs, etc.
Work independently in high visibility position supporting a senior government customer.
Contribute to the client delivery team on a daily basis.
Review security packages for accuracy and discrepancies and manage appropriately in accordance with regulation.
Implement and make recommendations to the government security officer.
Interface with clients, contractors, and project personnel.
Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications:
Must have an active and ability to maintain a Secret clearance (of ability to obtain and maintain a clearance).
Applicants selected will be subject to a Government background investigation of credit and drug use and must meet eligibility and suitability requirements.
Minimum of a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice, security intelligence or Business Administration preferred; OR 4 years specialized or relevant educational experience/knowledge of law enforcement and/or security training. (Military service can be used as a substitute for educational requirement to include law enforcement or security training or a combination of both totaling 4 years.)
Proficient with MS Office suite (specifically MS Word and Excel).
Experience working with JPAS and security package processing or conducting government security background checks.
Must be able to work within stringent time constraints and meet deadlines.
Strong attention to detail and solid oral and written communication skills.

Desired Qualifications:
Law enforcement, military, or security experience a plus.

“Applicants selected will be subject to a Government background investigation and must meet eligibility and suitability requirements.”

The duties and responsibilities listed in this job description generally cover the nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. This is not intended to be a complete list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Subject to the terms of an applicable collective bargaining agreement, the company management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as may be necessary. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.

We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, gender or gender-identity, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or parental status, or any other basis prohibited by law.

We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance to apply to an open position using our website.
Please do not use the dedicated email or phone number above to inquire on the status of your job application.

We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.

In order for our company to stay compliant with government regulations, please apply on line. Please DO NOT email resumes or call in lieu of applying online unless you have a physical and/or mental disability and need assistance with the online application.


Shift: Day Job
Primary Location: US-VA-Chantilly
Organization: Cloud Lake
Job: Office & Administrative Support
Closing Date (Period for Applying) - External: Ongoing
Travel: No
Clearance Level: SECRET"	3701	Washington
Federal - Campus Recruiting Inclusion and Diversity Senior Analyst	Accenture	Arlington, VA	None	"Organization: Accenture Federal ServicesLocation: Arlington, VAWe are:Accenture Federal Services, helping our federal clients tackle their toughest challenges while unleashing their fullest potential…and then some. What makes our approach so unique Operating from the nation’s capital, we bring together commercial innovation and leading-edge technologies to deliver an integrated and interactive experience that far exceeds expectations. How Our passion meets purpose! Through our diverse culture and inclusive thinking, we embrace our employees' ideas taking them from concept to practical solutions. Not to mention, we sleep well at night knowing our work directly impacts and improves the way the world works. We keep our tech smarts sharp by providing abundant training and certification opportunities. Are you ready to learn and grow in a career, while making a difference You are:A Campus Recruiting Inclusion and Diversity Sr. Analyst who is a team player with a passion for Inclusion and diversity. You are a champion for a diverse workplace and are willing to roll up your sleeves to produce a truly diverse pool of candidates. You love being on campus and engaging with students.The work:- Plan, design, manage and measure the success of campus/entry level Inclusion and Diversity recruiting projects - Work closely with othe rmembers of the Diversity recruitment team, to execute strategic campus initiatives - Work hand in hand with the Diversity Campus specialist to execute HBCU and HSI recruiting strategy - Execute full life-cycle campus and entry level recruiting - Develop hiring and candidate sourcing approaches in conjunction with client and Accenture subject matter experts- Provide feedback on candidates to hiring managers, agencies and/or directly to candidates- Extend and negotiate offers- Communicate results and organize start dates with candidate - Use Accenture recruitment systems appropriately and with a focus on data integrity to ensure accurate reporting and compliance to data protection legislation. - Attend career fairs, events and conferences in line with I&D recruiting strategy

Here's what you need:- 1 year of recruiting experience or consulting experienceBonus points if you have:- Strong relationship management skills- Prior Diversity Conference or I&D recruiting experience- Current or previous relationships with HBCUs and/or HSIsImportant InformationAn active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.Equal Employment OpportunityAll employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
What We Believe
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment.
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation.
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement.
Requesting An Accommodation
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired.
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter.
Other Employment Statements
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States.
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information."	3701	Washington
Senior Red Team Analyst	Barclays	Washington, DC	None	"Red Team Analyst
Remote Working
As a Barclays Red Team Analyst you will perform wide adversarial threat emulation activities to aid in the assessment of control and process effectiveness against highly skilled sophisticated attacker(s). You will be a part of the team that operates across physical, people, process and technology in an effort to achieve well defined engagement goals and provide clarity on control effectiveness and gaps discovered along the attack path travelled across protect, monitor and response.
Barclays is one of the world's largest and most respected financial institutions, with 329 years of success, quality and innovation behind us. We've helped millions of individuals and businesses thrive, creating financial and digital solutions that the world now takes for granted. An important and growing presence in the USA, we offer careers providing endless opportunity.
What will you be doing?
• Scoping and executing Red Team threat emulation activities against Barclays business units and the group as a whole
Ensuring safe, quality and realistic adversarial threat simulations are delivered (either remotely or on-site) in line with red team service offeringsWorking with peer security technical teams to test and accelerate Barclays capabilities to secure its assets, environments and customers through threat centric collaborationLeading, mentoring and developing peers within the Red Team and CSO, to push the capabilities and develop a class leading capabilityProviding technical findings and executive reports which highlight and articulate identified strengths, gaps and opportunities the targeted audience can understand to action againstEstablishing and maintaining strategic partnerships across the group, to develop a collaborative working environment through niche adversarial perspective of the teamWorking with the Red Team director on operational execution and strategic development, by challenging assumptions, provision of solutions driving progress over perfectionLeading multi week/ month threat emulation activities, coordinating teams of up to six people
What we’re looking for:
• Experience in participating in multi week security assessments
Capability in defined security domain(s) expertiseKnowledge and experience of conducting testing in production enterprise environmentsAbility to act and communicate professionally to audiences at all levels, whilst remaining consistent on messaging
Skills that will help you in the role:
• Experience working in financial or other highly regulated organisational sector
OSCP certified with an experience/ training in adversarial threat simulationsRecognized industry qualificationsPython Development skills and Scripting skills/ Tools Development
Where will you be working?
In this opportunity, you can work from home.
Interested and want to know more about Barclays? Visit home.barclays/who-we-are/ for more details.
About Barclays
Barclays is a British universal bank. We are diversified by business, by different types of customers and clients, and by geography. Our businesses include consumer banking and payments operations around the world, as well as a top-tier, full service, global corporate and investment bank, all of which are supported by our service company which provides technology, operations and functional services across the Group.
Our Values
Everything we do is shaped by the five values of Respect, Integrity, Service, Excellence and Stewardship. Our values inform the foundations of our relationships with customers and clients, but they also shape how we measure and reward the performance of our colleagues. Simply put, success is not just about what you achieve, but about how you achieve it.
Our Diversity
We aim to foster a culture where individuals of all backgrounds feel confident in bringing their whole selves to work, feel included and their talents are nurtured, empowering them to contribute fully to our vision and goals.
Our Benefits
Our customers are unique. The same goes for our colleagues. That's why at Barclays we offer a range of benefits, allowing every colleague to choose the best options for their personal circumstances. These include a competitive salary and pension, health care and all the tools, technology and support to help you become the very best you can be. We are proud of our dynamic working options for colleagues. Where appropriate, and for UK based roles, we will consider requests that the role be based at alternative Barclays’ key UK location from that advertised."	3701	Washington
Cybersecurity Analyst - Senior	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Cybersecurity Analyst - Senior(Job Number: 050659)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking a Senior Associate to join its Civilian service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Senior Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Develop Corrective Actions Plans (CAPs) for IT control findings and recommend appropriate remediation activities.
Review network security audit logs (e.g., firewall, IDS, etc.) periodically. Evaluate compliance with established security controls.
Conduct regular policy and plan reviews, report on findings, recommend policy and plan updates.
Support annual FISMA, financial, and Sarbanes-Oxley audits and ad-hoc system audit requests, both internally and externally.
Gather threat and vulnerability information from information sharing forums and sources.
Support security assessment and authorization (SA&A) activities as required, including performing risk/vulnerability assessments, testing of security controls, preparing security assessment reports and plans of action and milestones (POA&Ms) as needed.
Review and provide feedback on common controls, the security categorization of information systems, and an applicable security control baseline based on system categorization.
Monitor and report on updates to applicable authoritative guidance on a continuous basis.
Secondary Responsibilities:
Collaboration with other security analysts, privacy specialists, systems architects and security engineers for adjustments to design/build activities to meet privacy and security controls and standards for internal cybersecurity and federal government compliance requirements.
Participation in proposal development and other business development activities.
Participation in client projects, branding, and professional organizations as a Cybersecurity Analyst.

Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
Qualifications

Cyber Strategy & Management, Cloud Security, Information & Technology Governance , GRC System Expertise (RSA Archer, ServiceNow), Application Security, Risk & Controls Assessments & Remediation, Risk, Compliance and Cyber Frameworks (COSO, COBIT, NIST, ISO), eGRC, Risk Governance & Monitoring, Cybersecurity, Internal Control - System & Organization Control (SOC) Reporting
Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.
Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.
Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	3701	Washington
Administrator I	Medstar Georgetown University Hospital	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	"MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute-care teaching and research hospital with 609 beds located in Northwest Washington, D.C. Founded in the Jesuit principle of cura personalis—caring for the whole person—MedStar Georgetown is committed to offering a variety of innovative diagnostic and treatment options within a trusting and compassionate environment.
MedStar Georgetown’s centers of excellence include neurosciences, transplant, cancer and gastroenterology. Along with Magnet® nurses, internationally recognized physicians, advanced research and cutting-edge technologies, MedStar Georgetown’s healthcare professionals have a reputation for medical excellence and leadership
Job Summary
This position serves as Administrative Operations Manager for the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Responsible for personnel, payroll, computerized systems, telecommunications, and facilities as it relates to the department. This position works with all Department Administrators, Associate Administrators, Nursing Coordinators, Managers, and Supervisors in the areas of human resources, facilities, financial planning and department policies, ensuring that all are trained according to these policies. This position works closely with as well as under the general direction of the Department Administrator, actively participating in strategic planning, construction and growth projects. Acts as back-up for the account analyst for the department. These functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and Georgetown University Hospital’s philosophy, policies, procedures and standards.
Education, Experience, and License Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Must have five to seven years of administrative experience, preferably in an academic medical center setting.

Job Responsibilities
PERSONNEL
Initiates and completes all paperwork required for personnel transactions for departmental faculty and staff (ca. 100). Reviews and authorizes signature for department personnel paperwork. Interacts on behalf of the department with human resources, payroll, and medical center. Maintains position log and tracks job descriptions, vacancies, and merits. Works with both GUH and University Human Resources departments.
Determine new position needs and type in consultation with department senior Management Team, physicians or Principal Investigator with attention to fiscal feasibility. Identifies positions and initiates, completes and submits all paperwork required for position reclassification, working closely with Human Resources personnel. Reviews all staff evaluations for accuracy and completeness and instructs department managers as to content.
Instructs and guides department managers as to disciplinary and termination process of all staff, prepares and serves as authorized signature for documents and actively participates in the action. Responds to internal and external grievance inquires and participates in other labor relations activities. Recommends and initiates staff incentive action and other staff morale development activities.
Develops and maintains spreadsheet tracking of all department staff competency requirements, license requirements and ensures managers enable staff to complete as needed.
Orients all permanent and temporary employees to the department. Interviews and assists with the selection of candidates for various positions.
Expert for the department regarding personnel policy and procedures. Ensures that department policies are in accordance with Medical Center and external regulatory policies and legislation. In absence of Department Administrator has authority to make operational decisions to keep department goals on target.
Establishes and maintains current policies for department concerning dress code, office hours, staff functions, holidays, and others as needed. Trains department managers on policies and monitors compliance.
Ensures that Pay for Performance standards are being met. Participates in the establishment of and monitors merit budget at the division/unit level.
Develops and enacts reduction in force procedures for department as necessitated.
PAYROLL
Responsible for a faculty and staff payroll in excess of eight million dollars yearly, insuring the correct allocation of salaries as it relates to department and hospital cost centers.
Prepares and approves department faculty and staff PTF's and payroll journal vouchers as needed to ensure correct salary amounts and accurate salary allocations.
Expert for department regarding salary offers for new hires addressing like position equity and conducts salary discussions with new hires.
Handles or directs all tasks related to biweekly and monthly payroll, i.e. calculates and approves weekly department payroll, distributes checks, and prepares memos and paperwork for corrections.
Reviews paperwork submitted by satellite offices for accuracy. Responsible for security of checks.
Ensures that all deadlines have been met and employees are paid on time. Verifies leave accruals.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT, FUNCTIONS, AND COMMUNICATIONS
As department Telecommunications Manager: Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all submitted telephone service requests. Determines which services are needed by individuals. Reviews department phone bills for accuracy and to determine areas where costs could be cut.
Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all computer/printer service requests i.e. moves, access, and software. Orders and maintains office equipment to include: copiers, fax machine, telephones, pagers, dictation/transcription equipment, lounge appliances, and others as needed. Recommends new capital equipment purchases as needed. Participates in allocating furniture, signage, and other office resources.
Facility Maintenance: Contact and liaison for engineering, housekeeping facilities, and security. Approves all key requests. Obtains space renovation estimates. Coordinates all department office moves and signage requests.
Authorized signature for expense authorizations in the absence of the Account Analyst.
Active member of Practice Oversight Committee reviewing Practice trends and advising/recommending changes to enhance financial stability, JACHO compliance, customer service and staff longevity.
Exemplifies Guest and Staff Relations standards in all activities and holds staff accountable for conformity with those standards in all activities.
Assumes other duties and responsibilities that are appropriate to the position and area. The above responsibilities are a general description of the level and nature of the work assigned to this classification and are not to be considered as all inclusive."	3701	Washington
Financial Analyst, CG-1160-11/12	US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation	Washington, DC	$83,622 - $154,687 a year	"Duties
Summary
The position is located in the Division of Insurance and Research, Special Studies Section, providing support to identify, monitor, and address existing and emerging aggregate risks to the Corporation’s deposit insurance funds.

Additional selections may be made from this vacancy announcement to fill identical vacancies that occur subsequent to this announcement.

Responsibilities
Gathers, analyzes, and prepares financial information pertaining to the financial services industry, the financial markets, FDIC-insured commercial banks and thrifts, with particular emphasis on those developments impacting insured institutions.
Performs financial analyses related to identifying existing and emerging aggregate risks to the Corporation’s deposit insurance funds.
Performs complex mathematical and statistical calculations related to industry analysis.
Performs analysis, using appropriate software tools, of the financial services industry, the financial market, FDIC-insured commercial banks and thrifts, with particular emphasis on developments affecting insured institutions.
Participates in the production of FDIC publications to disseminate analysis to supervisory personnel, senior management of the Corporation, other regulators, the industry and the public.
Orally presents analytical results to the management and professional staff of the Division, the FDIC and other organizations with an interest in these topics.

Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
1160 Financial Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Financial
Financial Analysts
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Registration with the Selective Service.

U.S. Citizenship is required.

Employment Conditions.

Completion of Financial Disclosure may be required.
Qualifications
Qualifying experience may be obtained in the private or public sector. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic, religious/spiritual; community; student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Additional qualifications information can be found here.

CG-11: Applicant must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the grade 09 level in the Federal Service. Specialized experience is experience performing each of the following: conducting analyses using financial data; writing code to conduct financial analyses using at least one of the following languages or packages: Stata, Python, Julia, or Matlab.

OR

You may substitute a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree, or three full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree, or an LL.M, if related. Degree program must have a major study in one of the following: finance, business administration, economics, accounting, insurance, engineering, mathematics, banking and credit, law, real estate operations, statistics, or other fields related to the position, such as agriculture, agricultural economics, farm, livestock or ranch management, or rural sociology.

OR

You may qualify by a combination of successfully completed graduate level education and specialized experience. Only graduate level education in excess of the first 2 years may be combined with experience as described above.

CG-12: Applicant must have at least 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the CG/GS-11 level in the Federal service. Specialized experience is experience performing each of the following: conducting analyses using structured financial data or unstructured financial data; writing code to conduct financial analyses using at least one of the following languages or packages: Stata, Python, Julia or Matlab.

There is no substitution of education for the experience for the CG-12 grade level.

Applicants eligible for ICTAP (Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program) must achieve a score of 85 or higher in the online assessment to be determined “well qualified” for this position. For more information, click here.
Education
See requirements stated under QUALIFICATIONS.
Additional information
If selected, you may be required to serve a probationary period.

To read about your rights and responsibilities as an applicant for Federal employment, click here.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your resume and the online assessment questionnaire will be reviewed to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements outlined in this announcement. Therefore, it is imperative that your resume contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make the qualification. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

Your resume will also be evaluated to measure your responses to the assessment questions. If you rated yourself higher on the questionnaire than what is supported by your resume, your overall qualifications assessment may be adversely affected.

If you are found qualified, you will be placed in one of three categories: Best Qualified, Highly Qualified, or Qualified. These category assignments are a measure of the degree in which your background and responses to the assessment questions match the competencies/knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) listed below. Within these categories, candidates eligible for veterans’ preference will receive selection priority over non-veterans.

Ability to apply financial, statistical, and mathematical methodologies (such as financial modeling, statistical analysis and simulation techniques) to illustrate and support conclusions about financial trends.
Knowledge of the principles and techniques of financial analysis sufficient to perform a wide range of duties in completing assignments with some supervision.
Knowledge of standard personal computer tools, including standard spreadsheet, database, graphics and statistical packages, and the ability to access Web-based and mainframe data sources.
Knowledge of concepts and methods used in mathematical and statistical calculations.
Ability to develop written reports to relate findings and make recommendations.
Ability to work with disparate parties to build consensus on issues and achieve results as part of a team.

You do not need to respond separately to these KSAs. Your answers to the online questionnaire and resume will serve as responses to the KSAs.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Moderate Risk (MR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Failure to provide all of the required documentation as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible determination or may affect your consideration status. Please review the following to determine your eligibility and which document(s) is required to complete your application:

VETERANS EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY ACT (VEOA) ELIGIBLES AND SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITIES FOR VETERANS: If you are applying for consideration under VEOA and special hiring authorities for veterans, click here. You must submit documentation (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, SF-15, etc.) to demonstrate veterans’ eligibility.

SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITIES FOR PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES: If you are applying for consideration under special appointing authorities for people with disabilities, you will be required to provide proof of disability documentation to specify that you are a person who (1) has a severe physical disability; (2) an intellectual disability; or (3) a psychiatric disability. The documentation does NOT need to detail your specific disability, medical history, or need for accommodation, however; the letter MUST clearly state that you are eligible for appointment under this authority and that your eligibility is based on a severe physical disability; an intellectual disability; or a psychiatric disability. THE DOCUMENTATION MUST HAVE BEEN OBTAINED FROM: (a). Licensed medical professionals; or (b). State or private vocational rehabilitation specialists; or (c). Any Government agency (e.g., VA, etc.) that issues or provides disability benefit. THE DOCUMENTATION MUST INCLUDE: a statement that you are eligible based on one of the following: severe physical disability, an intellectual disability, or a psychiatric disability. To view sample Schedule A proof of disability letters, click here, and for more information on this special appointing authority, click here. Please note that employees hired under this Schedule A hiring authority will be required to complete a Standard Form 256 to identify their disability status.
INTERAGENCY TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (ICTAP): If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee eligible for consideration under the ICTAP, you must submit proof of eligibility. For more information, click here.

CURRENT FEDERAL EMPLOYEES OR REINSTATEMENT ELIGIBLES WITH COMPETITIVE STATUS: A copy of your most recent SF Form 50, Notification of Personnel Action that shows: (1) permanent or career-conditional tenure (codes 1 or 2, in block 24), and (2) position occupied in the competitive service (code 1, in block 34). If reinstatement eligible include your Career/Career conditional SF-50. To be considered as a non-competitive eligible candidate, the SF-50 must show the highest grade level or full performance level applicant has attained competitively on a permanent basis, and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying.

NONCOMPETITIVE CONVERSION ELIGIBLES UNDER A PATHWAYS PROGRAM: If you are applying under this noncompetitive conversion authority, you must provide proof of program completion. A letter from your current agency certifying completion is acceptable documentation.
FDIC EMPLOYEES: Submit a final digitally signed copy of your most recent Annual Performance Appraisal and Evaluation form. The final PDF form is also acceptable. If you want to be considered non-competitively include a copy of your SF-50. The SF-50 must show the highest grade level or full performance level applicant has attained competitively on a permanent basis, and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying.
EDUCATION DOCUMENTS: If you are using education to meet all or part of the qualification requirements, submit a copy of your college transcript (an unofficial transcript is acceptable). Education must be from accredited institutions. For a listing of accredited educational institutions, click here. An official transcript will be required if you are selected. If you attended more than one university and need to send multiple transcripts, please upload/fax all transcripts as one document.
Foreign Education: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program. For more information, click here.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
In addition to the regular benefits offered by Federal agencies, the FDIC offers additional benefits to its employees. These benefits, some at minimal cost, are some of the best and most competitive in both the private and public sectors.

To find out more, click here.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Vacancy has been extended to 06/21/2021 Applicants with status (i.e., current permanent Federal employees in the competitive service and former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility); those eligible for appointment under special hiring authorities; and veterans eligible for a VEOA appointment. Applicants without status should apply under FDIC announcement 2021-HQD-B0185 to be considered."	3701	Washington
Senior Cyber Security Analyst	Iquasar	Arlington, VA	None	"NAME: Arthur Ali

Email ID: arthur.ali@iquasar.com

FOWGroup Inc. is seeking to fill a Senior Cyber Security Analyst for our customer in Arlington, VA.

Position: Senior Cyber Security Analyst
Location: Arlington, VA
Position Type: Full time position
Clearance: Minimum Interim Secret with Eligibility to obtain a TS/SCI

Job Description:

Provide cybersecurity policy and strategy related support focused on the intersection of mobility, cloud, and Internet of Things (IoT) technology groups with consideration of zero trust architectures, multi-factor authentication, and other emerging technologies. Assist team members with research, development, and documentation of IT strategies and enterprise capabilities in support of the warfighter. Develop, coordinate, and collaborate with teammates in the development of briefings, whitepapers, and other support materials for the senior leadership of the Client.

Education/Experience Requirements:

BA or BS degree or equivalent work/military experience
6-10 years of experience with Cybersecurity or equivalent
4-6 years of experience with government security policies and/or regulations or equivalent
Experience with Microsoft Office, including Word, PowerPoint, and Excel
Proven experience with content review, editing, grammar, & spell-checking
Experience supporting and assisting team members.
Experience working in a team environment; ability to work unsupervised.

Additional Recommended Qualifications:

Knowledge of mobile devices, mobile device management, and mobile architectures with a focus on mobile security

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Employee Benefits:

FOWGroup Inc. offers a comprehensive benefits program including various options in these plans:

Pre-Tax Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance
Paid Vacation/Sick/Leave
Pre-Tax 401(k)
Bonus Opportunity
Paid Training
Extreme Growth Potential

If you are interested in this position, please send me a copy of your latest resume at arthur.ali@iQuasar.com with the information requested below: Also, please let me know what time/number is best to call to discuss this great opportunity. In case you are not interested in this position or this is not a right fit for you, please feel free to share this opportunity with your friends/networks or anyone you know who may be interested in this position. Thank you!
Availability to start a new job
Best Rates
Contact #

Please do not hesitate to contact me for any question (s) you may have. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.

Regards,

Arthur Ali

Sr. Recruitment Professional

iQuasar - Recruitment | Proposals | Information Technology

www.iQuasar.com

Arthur.ali@iquasar.com

Cell: 703-652-2591

Office: 703-962-6001 x 568

iQuasar, LLC is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."	3701	Washington
Technical Targeting Analyst	Central Intelligence Agency	Washington, DC 20505 (Foggy Bottom area)	$59,534 a year	"Technical Targeting Analysts identify and assess vulnerabilities and technology trends, uniting technical operations and development activities to collect intelligence against our nation’s threats.

Full time
Starting salary: $59,534 – $157,709*

Higher starting salary possible depending on experience level

Bachelor's degree
Foreign language bonus eligible
Opportunities for foreign travel are possible

About the Job

As a Technical Targeting Analyst at CIA, you will enable the Agency to collect intelligence against our nation’s highest priority threats in a global environment that is often hostile, fast paced, and technologically savvy. Technical Targeting Analysts unite technical operations and technical development activities to maximize our collection advantage.
Using your research and critical thinking skills, as well as your writing and briefing abilities on both current and longer-term intelligence studies, you will inform senior officials, steer intelligence operations, and exploit key data. Being able to identify and assess the right entities, vulnerabilities, and technology trends to enable new collection operations that answer critical intelligence issues is vital to this work. This requires strong analytic, research, and investigative skills combined with an ops sense, personal initiative, and some technical expertise.
Opportunities may exist for foreign travel, technical and management training, and assignments in other offices within the CIA. Advanced training will be provided in telecommunications systems and capabilities and analytical tools and methodologies.

Who You’ll Work With

At the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), we recognize our Nation’s strength comes from the diversity of its people. People from a broad range of backgrounds and viewpoints work at CIA, and our diverse teams are the reason we can keep our country safe

Read more about diversity and inclusion

What You’ll Get

Our benefits support every aspect of a working professional’s life, including health and wellness, time off, family, finances, and continuing education. Our programs include highly sought-after government health benefits, flexible schedules, sick leave, and childcare. In some cases, we also offer sign-on incentives and cover moving expenses if you relocate.

As a CIA employee, you’ll also get the satisfaction of knowing your work is part of something bigger than yourself. Our work is driven by one mission: to keep our Nation safe. Every day is an opportunity to enhance U.S. national security.

Learn more about working at CIA

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in one of the following fields or related studies:
Biology
Chemistry
Computer Science
Cultural Anthropology
Econometrics
Engineering disciplines (Electrical, Computer, Mechanical, Aerospace, Nuclear etc.)
Geospatial Modeling
Material Science
Mathematics/Statistics
Physics
Psychology
Sociology
At least a 3.0 GPA on a 4-point scale

Experience in one or more of the following areas:
Data Analytics
Econometrics, Mathematical, or Geospatial Modeling
Gaming and Modeling
Internet/Web technology
Mathematical Analysis
Network Security & Engineering
Signal processing and Analysis
Social Network Analysis
Statistical Operations Research
Survey Research, Design, and Analysis
Telecommunications Networks/Voice Data Communications
Self-starter attitude with initiative
Creativity
Strong interpersonal and communications skills
Strong analytic and research skills
Ability to work independently and in a group
Ability to meet the minimum requirements for joining CIA, including U.S. citizenship and a background investigation
Desired Qualifications
Advanced degree
What You’ll Need to Apply
Resume
Unofficial transcripts for any school attended in the past three years
A cover letter (one page) in which you specify your qualifications for this position. Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants."	3701	Washington
Program / Policy Analyst	Leidos	Washington, DC 20090 (South West area)	None	"Description
Job Description:
Leidos is a Fortune 500™ company aimed at embracing and solving some of the world’s most pressing challenges. Through science and technology, Leidos makes the world safer, healthier and more efficient.
Our Civil Group offers an array of exciting career opportunities for the best IT, energy, logistics and engineering professionals. Driven by our talented workforce, the Integrated Missions Operation builds trust through an array of energy-related IT, environmental science and engineering solutions to meet our customers’ needs.
Key Capabilities:
Large Infrastructure
Mission Support
Digital Modernization
Command & Control
Mission Applications
Environmental Science
Nuclear Security
Engineering Services
Leidos is looking for a high performing candidate to fill a position supporting the nation's nuclear deterrence mission with the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) Office of Defense Programs, as a Deputy to the Executive Director of the Major Modernization Program Office (NA-19). This position leverages existing capabilities within the program office to provide overall operational organization and support.
NA-19 is responsible for re-establishing and modernizing the Nation’s nuclear weapon production capabilities. The organization manages approximately $4 billion annually in prioritized investments across the nuclear weapons enterprise to ensure availability of key materials and infrastructure for plutonium pit production, tritium, domestic uranium enrichment, highly enriched uranium and other materials for weapon secondary, high explosives, and non-nuclear components.
 This position is a full-time contractor position located in the NNSA offices in Washington, DC.
Leidos is looking for a high performing candidate to fill a position supporting the nation's nuclear deterrence mission with the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) Office of Defense Programs, as a Program Analyst in the front office of the Office of Production Modernization (NA-19). This position leverages existing capabilities within the program office to provide overall operational organization and support.
This position is a full-time contractor position located in the NNSA offices in Washington, DC.
Basic Qualifications: Active DOE Q and/or DOE TS clearance
Required education and qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent.
At least 2 years of relevant experience.
Responsive, customer service orientation with outstanding verbal and oral communication skills.
Experience supporting federal programs and managers.
Experience coordinating and collaboration with the National Security Enterprise complex federal managers, contractors and partners or with a complex, diverse environment with multiple stakeholders.
Demonstrable experience with written communication, briefings and reports for senior and executive management.
Experience in reviewing and editing briefings and reports for consistency in style, formatting and messaging.
Primary Responsibilities
Support the NA-19 front office with day-to-day oversight, guidance, and coordination of the NA-19 office, including office procedures for meeting the DP mission, scheduling, taskers, correspondence, reports, and other items requested of NA-19.
Serve as the lead point of contact for NA-19 front office concurrence documents, coordinating with federal program managers and NA-19 leadership to ensure a timely response.
Maintain current awareness of NNSA office structure and leadership, federal managers, contractor and site roles, and programmatic requirements and issues to assist in running an efficient office and coordinating and contributing to office deliverables.
Compile information, draft, and review technical, programmatic, and budget briefings, white papers, narratives, and other deliverables that are both periodic and ad hoc in nature.
Collect and communicate programmatic information within NNSA and with external organizations including responses to Congress, executive NNSA managers, stakeholders, and customers to solidify support.
Coordinate with NNSA office leadership, NNSA program managers, and contractors in order to address program requirements and external inquiries.
Coordinate office meetings, reports, presentations, and other programmatic materials to assure a continuity and consistency of information and direction for the office.
Track and expedite technical and programmatic deliverables.
Schedule and facilitate technical and programmatic meetings.
Leidos is growing! Connect with us on LinkedIn and Facebook.
We value and support the well-being and mobility of our employees with competitive benefit packages, complementary e-learning training, work-life flexibility, an exciting External Referral Program, and a diverse, inclusive and ethical work place. In fact, in 2020, Leidos was ranked as one of the “World's Most Ethical Companies” by the Ethisphere Institute for the third consecutive year.
External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
External Referral Bonus $:
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
Other Clearance
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Policy Analysis
Pay Range:"	3701	Washington
Senior Investment Analyst	Wells Fargo	Washington, DC	None	"Job Description
Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as “Personal Cell” or “Cellular” in the contact information of your application.
At Wells Fargo, we are looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. We are seeking candidates who embrace diversity, equity and inclusion in a workplace where everyone feels valued and inspired.
Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.
Wealth & Investment Management, or WIM, is one of the United States’ leading providers of financial and investment services. WIM provides a full range of personalized wealth management, investment, and retirement products and services to meet clients’ unique needs and help them achieve financial goals. Our mission is to help clients pursue their financial goals with confidence. We accomplish this by:
Building enduring client relationships through sound, thoughtful, and objective advice
Developing individualized plans for clients to help meet their financial objectives
Helping clients build, manage, preserve, and transition their financial resources and wealth
WIM serves clients through the following businesses:
Wells Fargo Private Bank serves high-net-worth and ultra high-net-worth individuals and families.
Abbot Downing serves ultra-high-net-worth individuals and families.
Wells Fargo Advisors provides investment advice and guidance to clients through more than 13,200 full-service financial advisors and referrals from more than 5,450 licensed bankers.
Wells Fargo Asset Management brings together a strategic balance of investment capabilities to serve the investment needs of institutions, financial advisors, and individuals worldwide.
Through Wells Fargo Private Bank and Abbot Downing, WIM is also a leading provider of trust, investment, and fiduciary services, including personal trust services and a number of specialized wealth services designed to meet the diverse needs of high-net-worth clients.
The Senior Investment Analyst conducts in depth analysis of investment opportunities relative to current client account holdings. Working in connection with more senior staff, possess an intimate knowledge of the inner dealings and risk tolerances of assigned client relationships. Interface with some, or possibly all, points of contact for a client relationship and support senior investment staff with investment management responsibilities. Charged with sourcing, reviewing and vetting platform ideas for top relationships and source/sponsor new ideas to the platform for broader client use. Mastery of all managers, proprietary solutions and products available to clients including considerations of various economic exposures, sources of risk and return, and how these considerations affect a particular client portfolio. Intelligently respond to any questions from the most astute investors about the merits and risks associated with any portfolio investment. Articulate, in a credible and sophisticated manner, all asset and sub-asset class decisions to the client and their advisors. May manage moderately complex accounts in conjunction with related accounts or smaller accounts independently. Solid understanding and close working relationship with central resources responsible for investment strategy, manager research, securities research, asset allocation, portfolio construction and risk management. Understanding of tax, financial planning, credit and other related items that affect portfolio positioning and may liaise directly with outside client advisors on related subjects.
This is a national role that can be performed in any of the identified major hubs as well as remotely.
The salary range displayed below is based on a full-time 40 hour a week schedule:
IL-Chicago: Min: $114,700 Mid: $163,900 Max: $213,100
MN-Minneapolis: Min: $104,300 Mid: $149,000 Max: $193,700
DC-Washington: Min: $114,700 Mid: $163,900 Max: $213,100
CA-San Francisco: Min: $125,200 Mid: $178,800 Max: $232,400
Salary range is determined by the location of the job. May be considered for a discretionary bonus.
Required Qualifications
6+ years of investment management experience
Desired Qualifications
High net worth client experience
Advanced Microsoft Office skills
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
CFA-Chartered Financial Analyst designation
Other Desired Qualifications

Demonstrated ability to work independently within a team and in a fast paced environment supporting multiple individuals
Demonstrated proficiency with portfolio management systems and managing a large volume of client accounts
Experience with SEI, Moxy, Navigator, WealthIQ, Performer IQ, TMT and other Wells Fargo systems

Job Expectations
Ability to travel up to 20% of the time"	3701	Washington
Information Security Analyst IV	Fairfax County Government	Fairfax, VA 22035	$80,764 - $134,607 a year	"Works as part of the Information Security Office (ISO). Implements and administers cyber security systems ensuring secure enterprise-wide operations, performance, and resiliency. Daily operational activities include analyzing and responding to system generated security incident notifications. Remediates vulnerabilities directly or facilitate the assignment of issues to county staff or vendors. If required, enacts ISO emergency processes as deemed necessary to protect county systems and data from cyber-attacks and malware. Works as a senior analyst supervising, evaluating, and developing assigned IT cyber security staff. Works to continually improve IT security related procedures and policies. Documents IT cyber security architecture and system design guidelines. System designs will be evaluated by the analyst to ensure appropriate controls and IT cyber security measures are included. Ensures enterprise IT architecture is compliant with federal health, privacy, and financial regulations Other duties will include evaluating new cyber solutions, identifying performance metrics, deploying new technologies, anticipating new needs, assisting in developing ISO budget, promoting the county's IT security program, conducting audits and investigations. Monitors and stays abreast of the continuous evolving threat landscape and industry trends. Knowledge will be used for planning the improvement and standardization of the IT cybersecurity defense-in-depth strategy and processes across business units.
Employment Standards
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Any combination of education, experience, and training equivalent to the following:
(Click on the aforementioned link to learn how Fairfax County interprets equivalencies for ""Any combination, experience, and training equivalent to"")
Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a bachelor's degree in a computer or information science discipline, IT/cyber security, network or IT systems administration, engineering; or a bachelor's degree in a business or related field that has been supplemented by at least 30 credit hours of intermediate computer science coursework; plus three years of experience in information security systems, network security, or cyber security.

NECESSARY SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:
The appointee to this position will be required to complete a criminal background check to the satisfaction of the employer.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Thorough knowledge and experience implementing and assessing compliance with information technology and privacy protection regulation and standards such as HIPAA, PCI-DSS, and other institutional technology standards and best practices defined by NIST, ISO 27000 series, OWASP, and SANS Top 20 Security Controls. Extensive knowledge of IT security architecture design, processes and controls, data security and access control systems, identification and authentication, access control encryption and related matters. Understanding and experience with network and security architecture, multiple operating system platforms, databases, web applications, and other evolving mobile and cloud technologies, to include but not limited to the following: malware inspection, traditional and application layer firewalls, VPN, identity management systems, data loss prevention, and network and host-based intrusion detection/prevention systems. Knowledge of system and network exploitation, attack pathologies and intrusion techniques, i.e., denial of services, malicious code, password cracking. Ability to communicate effectively. Capable of presenting and discussing technical information in a way that establishes rapport, persuades others, and gains understanding. Ability to maintain the highest level of judgement, ethics and integrity in handling sensitive and classified matters. Must maintain a relevant industry security certification such as CISSP, CISA, GIAC, Security + or other vendor specific security certification. Any combination of education, experience and training equivalent to the possession of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field preferred; minimum of five years of work experience in information technology security or infrastructure or system design, support, administration preferred.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Work is generally sedentary, performed in a normal office environment. All duties performed with or without reasonable accommodation.

 SELECTION PROCEDURE:
Panel interview and may include exercise.

Fairfax County Government prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics, political affiliation, or status as a veteran in the recruitment, selection, and hiring of its workforce.

Reasonable accommodations are available to persons with disabilities during application and/or interview processes per the Americans with Disabilities Act. Contact 703-324-4900 for assistance. TTY 703-222-7314. EEO/AA/TTY."	3701	Washington
Policy Analyst	Praetorian Standard, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	POLICY ANALYSTPraetorian Standard, Inc. (PSI) is a privately held, service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) that provides specialized logistics, operational, and security management support services in challenging environments around the world. PSI has expertise in commercial mining, Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, and Department of State contracts. With offices in North Carolina, Virginia, Texas, Maryland, and Afghanistan, PSI creates and implements life support services such as intelligence coordination, protection management and situational analysis.POSITION DESCRIPTIONThe successful candidate will work as a member of a small team supporting the Department of State Bureau of Counterterrorism Preparedness Program (CTPP). The CTPP provides support to the Office of Crisis Response, Preparedness, and Special Coordination (CT/CRSC), the Office of Technical Programs and Operations Policy (CT/TPOP), and the Office of Terrorist Detentions (CT/TD). This may include, but is not limited to, supporting initiatives such policy development and implementation in support of the National Security Council (NSC) directed mission, hostage affairs and WMD engagements, and the development and execution of critical counterterrorism preparedness programs such as training exercises, working groups, forums and seminars, and assessing and developing “lessons learned” aimed at enhancing the Department’s, the U.S. government’s, and partner nations’ ability to mitigate and rapidly respond to terrorist related incidents overseas. The CTPP also provides administrative support to CT/CRSC, CT/TPOP, and CT/TD personnel to ensure effective execution of day-to-day operations.The candidate will perform professional duties related to the review and development of counterterrorism policies. The candidate will conduct daily interaction with Department, interagency, and embassy personnel under general or minimum supervision, and will interact with senior staff, representatives of foreign governments, and the U.S. interagency. The candidate will support a classified program and will comply with all security requirements and processes for handling classified information. Final products will be reviewed upon completion with regard to operational and technical soundness and appropriateness and will be assessed by the timeliness and quality of work. The position reports to the Senior Program Manager.REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS· Current TOP SECRET security clearance with SCI eligibility is required.· Bachelor’s degree or equivalent, and four years of general experience.· Preferred knowledge of and experience working with the Department of State or other federal government agency for no less than three years on counterterrorism initiatives.· Excellent and professional oral and written communication skills, data gathering, analytical, and problem-solving skills are critical.· Preferred knowledge and experience working within the framework of National Security Presidential Memorandum 4 (NSPM-4) and counterterrorism related Presidential Policy Directives and NSPM frameworks related to counterterrorism activities. Experience drafting reports and presentations or other deliverables as required.· Ability to travel worldwide (about 10-20% of the time).· An in-depth knowledge of U.S. security and classification procedures is necessary.ADDITIONAL DESIRED SKILLS· Firm understanding of how U.S. embassies, the Interagency, and the military interact.· Understanding of intra-Department operations, to include paper writing and clearance processes.· Knowledge of emergency management and/or crisis management policies and procedures.· Past experience and ability to act as a liaison between departmental end-users, analysts, consultants and other government organizations is a plus.· Ability to respond and adjust to rapidly evolving requirements and environment.· Degree in International Studies/Political Science is a plus.· International work experience or study abroad experience is preferred.Praetorian Standard Inc. is a SDVOSB. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program. PSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply including: Minorities, Women, Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans.Job Types: Full-time, ContractBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Security Clearance:Top Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	3701	Washington
Senior Data Analyst	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Senior Data Analyst (Job Number: 049939)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking an Associate to join its Technology and Strategy service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
The Senior Analyst will provide day-to-day support for all daily initiatives, activities, and deliverables for specific task orders under the direction of the Task Order Manager. General responsibilities will include managing assigned tasks, maintaining, and delivering against work schedules, facilitate use of risk assessment tools, data collection and analysis, and day-to-day interaction with federal clients. The position will report directly to the Task Order Manager and will support day to day activities and responding to emerging requirements.

Primary responsibilities include: expertise with data collection, research, and analysis, design and lead mechanisms to analyze external and client requirements to identify new solutions, processes, and process improvements to meet business needs, apply expertise to develop new business strategies and processes and future initiatives to determine future process and needs, formulate solutions, prepare reports, studies and documentation, and support presentations and client meetings, facilitate use of risk assessment tools or methodologies to review, design, and implement solutions, coordinate with clients and field personnel across operational environment, communicating effectively, both orally and in writing, with Task Order Manager on status of deliverables and identifying risks and issues as necessary, developing project plans, ensuring there is accurate record keeping and no disruption in the quality of services to the Government at any time, contribute to new business proposals and proposal development.
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.

Qualifications

Business Process Re-engineering
TT-Technology Strategy
Data Analytics
Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.
Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.
Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Other Locations - US-FL-Jacksonville
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	3701	Washington
Acquisition Analyst, (PEO-IWS)	XOtech, LLC	Washington, DC	$56,000 - $86,000 a year	Acquisition Analyst, (PEO-IWS)Acquisition Analyst, Mid-Level & SeniorLocation:  Washington, DCSalary Range:  NegotiableStart Date:  2021Secret Clearance required Issuing Activity: Navy » Naval Sea Systems Command » Program Executive Offices » Program Executive Office (PEO) Integrated Warfare Systems (IWS)Acquisition Analyst Education / Experience: Journeyman Acquisition Analyst (Mid-Level): Associates degree plus 10 years professional experience (Navy Required) or Bachelor’s (in relevant field) and 5 years professional experience, or post-graduate degree (in relevant field).Senior Acquisition Analyst: Associates degree plus 20 years professional experience (Navy Required) or Bachelor’s (in relevant field) and 15 years professional experience, or post-graduate degree (in relevant field) and 10 years experience.Acquisition Analyst Description:Responsible for one or more acquisition roles that could include but are not limited to the following:· Acquisition Plan Development· Total Ownership Cost Reduction Planning· Business Process Improvement· Program Compliance and Analysis· Procurement Support· Cost Management· Program Baseline and Scheduling· Acquisition Documents and other Acquisition Activities or Related Briefing Material.May be responsible for leading less experienced personnel, basic task areas, or managing program resources.We are looking for candidates that have demonstrable experience in one or more of the following areas:· Understanding of strategic landscape and the full suite of USN systems and sensors· Strategic planning of combat system development and coordinating across all Warfare Areas and IWS program offices. Knowledge of Simventions database, Agile ICS planning, and Capability Evolution Plan (CEP) development.· AEGIS and/or AEGIS AP program and/or procurement experience, including Spares, DMS, LTB’s, Contract Management, ISEA coordination, and Depot management.· Maritime Theater Missile Defense Forum (MTMD Forum) experience. Requires specialized skills and substantial project knowledge to be effective including awareness of disclosure limitations and coordination procedures of AEGIS Weapon System information with allies and external organizations. Expertise in Knowledge Management, event planning, tactical data link function verification, strategic communications, and weapons system disclosure policy are required to perform effectively in support of this government project. Desired skills are military experience and ability to serve as a DC-based liason for the entire team. Specifically, former DDG/CG TAO and/or prior BMD experience in complex AORs.· Program planning, acquisition package development, program funding and contract management support to PEO IWS 1IT. Proven ability to maintain liaison with government customers, contracting offices, and vendor representatives to ensure monitoring and tracking of all phases of acquisition initiatives. Experience in developing and delivering solicitation and contract modification documentation via the SPS/PD2 system.· Experience with drafting Procurement Requests (PR), updating Technical Instructions (TI), tracking Task Orders, update funding logs, coordinating financials plan and funding requirements.· Experience with supporting IWS 4.0 international programs from pre-LOR through delivery of hardware and/or services. Knowledge of FMS process required, including navigating Defense Security Assistance Management System (DSAMS) to perform Case Development, Amendment, and Modification tasks as requested by the CM, NIPO, or Country. Candidate must have ability to execute LOA Case Development taskings from Case Manager in support of FMS Case Establishment, FMS Case Amendments, FMS Case Modifications, and/or FMS Case Revisions while utilizing Defense Security Assistance Management System (DSAMS). They must have proficiency within FMS Security Cooperation Information Portal (SCIP) and supporting DOD FMS systems to review and support mitigation plans for (1) Case Execution Performance Tool (CEPT) business rule violations or advisories, (2) execution of Annual Case Reviews (ACRs) for active FMS Cases, and (3) ability to coordinate and/or respond to data calls to SEA 01C, NIPO, and DSCA regarding Case Execution metrics.· Experience with supporting IWS 4.0 international programs from pre-LOR through delivery of hardware and/or services. Experienced in maintaining program schedules to ensure timely delivery of defense articles and services, including tracking contract deliverables. Proficient in utilizing various other FMS case management systems in support of case management, including: MISIL, DIFS, & SCIP and with developing FMS case actions (e.g. P&As, LOAs, Modifications, Amendments, etc) in DSAMS, including coordinating the definition of scope and associated pricing inputs with the providing organizations.XOtech, LLC is committed to a drug free workplace. It is the intent of XOtech to provide a healthy and productive work force and safe working conditions free from the effects of drugs and alcohol. XOtech performs pre-employment substance abuse testing as well as post-accident, random and reasonable suspicion testing. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Benefits: We challenge our employees to be the best they can possibly be. As such, we offer a comprehensive set of benefits to ensure they can do their best work and focus on the task at hand. Our benefits include:Medical InsuranceDental InsuranceVision InsuranceEmployee Assistance ProgramShort-term DisabilityLong-term DisabilityLife InsuranceSupplemental Life Insurance401(K) Retirement PlanFlexible Spending AccountsSupplemental Insurance PackagePaid Personal Time OffObservance of Federal HolidaysPhone: (770) 632-7219Fax number: (678) 870-0287www.xotech-llc.com/careersJob Types: Full-time, ContractJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $56,000.00 - $86,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySecurity Clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	3701	Washington
Senior Level Supply Chain Intelligence Analyst	Operational Surveyors, Inc.	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Federal Center area)	$130,000 - $160,000 a year	Operational Surveyors, Inc. (OPSurv) seeks enthusiastic, dedicated, and proactive self-starters to join our team. OPSurv has dynamically pioneered innovative methods for analyzing threats and assessing risks for the U. S. military, federal, state, and local governments, and the business community. For over 14 years, our organization has specialized in providing our public and private sector clients with in-depth knowledge of threats and other factors that may impact their operations both locally and globally.We hold ourselves to an exceptional professional standard of conduct and strive to maintain an environment built on trust and pride. OPSurv encourages collaborative, innovative, and forward-thinking ideas in an inclusive atmosphere to produce and deliver timely and comprehensive solutions.As part of Health and Human Services (HHS) COVID-19 pandemic response and longer-term capabilities building (i.e., as part of the next generation Strategic National Stockpile (SNS), OPSurv is looking for a Senior Level Supply Chain Intelligence Analyst to help build and maintain Supply Chain situational awareness, intelligence, and analytics. Duties include identifying and analyzing risks to the supply chain related to pharmaceuticals, PPE, and other necessary industries. This position requires a current TS/SCI security clearance.Duties:Design targeted analysis using established and new data sources and visualization applications to improve government and non-government partnerships for public and federal response supply chain needs.Plan, prepare, and present written documents including threat assessments, supply chain analysis and memoranda to management, and lead, develop, and present oral briefings for senior leaders regarding findings and the status of complex and/or sensitive findings.Lead investigatory activity and analysis to perform supply chain risk assessments and due diligence.Work with other analysts and HHS partners on the collection, validation, processing, aggregation, analyzing, and visualizing of data sources for expanded supply chain visibility, including early indication of emerging issues. Data to be analyzed comes from diverse sources and in diverse forms that include, computerized statistical files, manual or automated program reporting systems and program files, and from numerous public and private sources.Lead analysis of program operations, which require the application of operations research techniques, including business intelligence and market analysisLead the planning and conduct of systems analysis; assist in the evaluation of such studies and present findings through internal reports, publications, and presentations.Respond to supply chain requests for information with short turnaround timeframes that require precise coordination and collaboration with colleagues for data collection.Present analyses and propose potential courses of action for consideration for supply chain and HHS/ASPR leadership.Document data anomalies and articulate findings and recommendations.Assure the adequacy and accuracy of the data; and identify significant factors, which affect the analyses.Conduct overly complex analytical projects and write reports to substantiate findings.Qualifications (Education, Experience, Skills): Master’s Degree in related field preferred5+ years of relevant experienceUnderstanding of cross cultural/global issues that can affect/disrupt the supply chainUnderstand how to interpret Dunn and Bradstreet, SAM, Bloomberg, and best business practicesUnderstanding of the Department of Commerce Entity List, Department of Treasury SDN list and OFAC and other government watch lists.Counterintelligence experience a plusInsider Threat experience a plusKnowledge of supply chain risk management and enterprise risk managementKnowledge of public health and healthcare related programs and procedures in responding to public health and medical emergencies across local, state, and federal levels consistent with the National Incident Management System (NIMS).Knowledge and understanding of data analysis and business intelligence tools (e.g., Panjiva, Bloomberg).Knowledge and understanding of data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, Palantir).Knowledge and skill in initiating, formulating, and executing analytical projects and reporting on emerging public health issues and problems.Job Type: Full-timePay: $130,000.00 - $160,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Do you have a current TS/SCI security clearance?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:SCRM: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	3701	Washington
Counter-Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems Acquisition and Resources Senior Analyst	Torch Technologies, Inc.	Arlington, VA 20598	None	"Job Description:
EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP MAKES A DIFFERENCE
Being an employee-owned company, we also offer benefits atypical for our industry. For example, Torch provides employees free access to a certified financial planner that includes a series of financial planning-oriented seminars. Employees can borrow up to 40 hours of Paid Time Off, with additional amounts with manager approval. We also allow employees to donate their own Paid Time Off to other employees in times of need. All regular employees are eligible for bonuses each year, and we have a mid-year merit cycle review to provide extra opportunities for pay raises for employees whose salaries warrant adjustment. Additionally, all employees are eligible for Stock Appreciation Rights.
Torch offers the traditional benefits, such as medical and dental insurance, but other unique benefits as well. Torch provides its employees with a comprehensive set of health care and retirement benefits; one we consider superior to those offered by other companies in the industry. In fact, Torch was recognized by the Principal Financial Group as one of the “The Principal 10 Best Companies for Employee Financial Security” in a national competition of small businesses based on an assessment of company benefit and retirement plans.

Financial Security for You and Your Loved Ones
Retirement Benefits
Retirement plans consist of a 401(k) Plan, including a Roth option, and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). Torch offers a generous contribution to our employees’ retirement with annual contributions significantly above industry averages.
Income Protection
Torch provides short-term disability (STD) and long-term disability (LTD) insurance plans to maintain a stable income level in case of disability.
Flexible Spending Account
For certain dependent care expenses and health expenses not reimbursed by insurance programs, employees may enroll in the flexible spending program (FSA), which allows expenses to be paid with pre-tax dollars.
Life Insurance
Includes company-paid term life, basic accident, and business travel insurance.
Employee-Owner Health and Well-Being
Medical Benefits
Major medical benefits under our group plan are provided by Blue Cross/Blue Shield. Benefits include medical care and prescription drug coverage. Torch offers three medical plan options, including a PPO Plan, a High Deductible Plan coupled with a Health Savings Account (HSA), and a cash-in-lieu-of-benefits option for those employees who have health coverage elsewhere.
Health Miles Program
Torch participates in the Virgin Health Miles program through Horton Health Initiative. Features include a GoZone pedometer plus up to $500 per year in rewards for getting active and tracking your progress.
Dental Benefits
Coverage offered includes preventive, basic, and major services, including orthodontia.
Vision Benefits
Exams, glasses, and contact lenses are covered.
Work-Life Balance and Professional Development
Paid Time Off and Holiday Pay
Paid Time Off can be used for vacation, personal business, or short-term illness. In addition, employees receive paid holidays and can defer holidays as well.
Bereavement Leave
Torch provides leave for bereavement, military duty, and jury duty.
Education Assistance
For eligible employees, Torch offers an education reimbursement plan that includes tuition and fees for colleges, as well as continuing education courses and certifications.
Interest-Free Computer Loans
For eligible employees, Torch offers a loan program allowing employees to purchase a home computer and re-pay through interest-free paycheck deductions.

Technologies, a 100% employee-owned company, is currently seeking to hire a Counter-Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (C-sUAS) Senior Analyst. The successful candidate is an action-oriented, self-motivated person with a background in military operations and basic understanding of C-sUAS and will support the Department of Defense’s newly established Joint Counter-small Unmanned Aircraft Systems Office (JCO). The Senior Analyst will support the Acquisition and Resources (A&R) Division Chief, Deputy Division Chief, and Division leadership as directed. Serve as a focal point to synchronize, integrate, and coordinate efforts for A&R with all stakeholders including, but not limited to: Rapid Capabilities & Critical Technologies Office (RCCTO), Office Secretary of Defense, Joint Staff, Services, and Inter-Agency partners for CONUS and OCONUS activities.
Duties will include:
Maintain awareness and track existing JCO / RCCTO actions.
Synchronize JCO / RCCTO actions with leadership, internal personnel, and external personnel.
Create products, processes, schedules, and reports as necessary and or as directed to support JCO / RCCTO leadership decisions.
Update and brief JCO / RCCTO leadership regularly on existing actions to include impact of actions and provide recommendations on the way ahead with realistic timelines.
Draft, update and manage Joint Solutions sub-Working Group meetings and after action summaries as needed/directed.
Assist designated government leadership in analyzing problems, issues, concerns and providing recommendation on solutions.
Prepare written products (reports, info papers, executive summaries) to shape and defend JCO / RCCTO positions.
Prepare and present briefings and report to senior leadership and stakeholders.
Answer requests for information from legislature (e.g. Congress) and stakeholders as required.


Job Requirements:
The candidate must possess an exceptional understanding of the Counter-UAS mission. They must also possess excellent oral and written communication skills, and specifically be comfortable and able to convey ideas to Senior Leaders.

A candidate with former related military experience is a plus, along with strong related experience. The position requires a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience. A Master's degree is also strongly desired. Additional years’ experience and a Bachelor’s degree will be considered.

The ability to travel is also required.

Position requires that the candidate possess a current security clearance in order to access classified material. Inability to maintain a security clearance will result in the candidate being ineligible for this position.

This position will be onsite with the customer in Arlington, VA. Some required travel is anticipated."	3701	Washington
Senior Force Development Analyst	GC Associates USA, LLC	Washington, DC 20310	$100,000 - $120,000 a year	A Senior Analyst is required to support the Headquarters Department of the Army, G-8, Force Development Directorate. The Force Development Directorate (FD) requires an interdisciplinary skill set of budgeting, DOD acquisition processes and procedures (DoDI 5000.2) as well as expertise with materiel and /or force structure requirements development and validation (JCIDS). The mix of these skills will vary at echelons of command. Force Development experience is critical to applying force development skills across the domains of Doctrine, Organization, Training, Materiel, Leadership, Education, Personnel and Facilities (DOTML-PF) in a fiscally constrained environment. Examples of force development experience range from programming materiel and force structure requirements at the highest Army echelons such as HQDA, down to integrating new equipment into units at battalion levels.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The Senior Analyst responsibilities include:- Perform analysis in support of products presented to senior leadership for decisions or information purposes in support of briefings, working groups, or other decision forums.- Shall provide programming data analysis for the Program Objective Memorandum build, program reviews, Strategic Planning Assessment Review (SPAR), and senior leader briefs.- Shall assist with quality control of Director Reviews.- Shall conduct quality control checks of Portfolio briefings and provide reports of analysis. Analysis shall include recommendation for changes to any and all briefings and presentations formats.- Shall provide reviews and analysis of Army Requirements Review Board (AR2B) issues and assist with briefing and preparation of senior leaders for AR2B discussions.- Pprovide support in analysis and recommendations to DOM Hardware Divisions in support of Strategic Planning Assessment Reviews (SPAR).- Perform the duties as required by an Analyst.Educational and Position Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Business or Public Administration, Management, Economics, Math, Science, Engineering, History or English. A Master’s degree in one of these areas will be accepted if Bachelor’s degree does not meet the criteria. Have a minimum of eight (8) years of experience and expertise in Force Development duties. Experience may be obtained at varying levels of Army organizations but candidates must have experience at most senior levels of the Army such as HQDA, MACOMs, or Army Service Component Commands.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Army Force Development: 8 years (Required)HQDA, MACOMs, or Army Service Component Commands: 2 years (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	3701	Washington
Senior Financial Analyst, Financial Planning & Analysis	Carradice Wealth Advisors	Woodbridge, VA 22192	$60,000 - $80,000 a year	Carradice Wealth Advisors, a large, fast growing independent wealth management firm serving individuals, families, and their businesses for over 30 years, is currently seeking an experienced Senior Financial Paraplanner to join our growing team in Woodbridge/Falls Church, Virginia.We are seeking a talented individual who will step into an instrumental role by providing client relationship support through managing, gathering, and analyzing client data, helping prepare financial plans and other client deliverables, including retirement funding, education funding and insurance planning. Paraplanner will shadow advisors’ meetings and take all action items from the meeting, complete those able to, distribute the remaining tasks to the team and follow-up through completion.Key ResponsibilitiesReview and update client information as needed for client review meetings. Attend and participate in client meetings and document the session with detailed notetakingPrepare financial plans, portfolio administration and coordination of client service needs with team membersFinancial fact gathering and preparation of various materials for financial reviewsExecute meeting follow upRespond to client inquiriesWork in conjunction with internal and external professionals – accountants, attorneysKey traits of a successful Paraplanner at CWAPositive attitude and sincere willingness to constantly learn and growDirect attention to detail and organizationEffective communication with clients and other advisors/staffExcellent communication skillsEffective and efficient time managementPolite and clear phone mannerAbility to multi-taskEducation Requirements and Other Designations: College degree or higher3+ years of similar experienceHolds Series 7 and Series 66 securities licensesHolds Life and Health insurance licenseExperience with Money Guide Pro and Naviplan is helpful﻿What CWA has to offer you: Competitive Compensation and BenefitsProfessional Development AssistancePaid Time Off401(k)Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timePay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) MatchingPaid Time OffProfessional Development AssistanceRetirement PlanSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus PayLicense:Series 7 (Required)Series 66 (Required)Work Location:Multiple locationsCompany's website:https://www.ameripriseadvisors.com/team/carradice-wealth-advisors/Company's Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/Carradicewealth/Benefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:No	3701	Washington
Senior Business Analyst	Leidos	Reston, VA 20170	$65,000 - $100,000 a year	"Description
Job Description:
The Leidos Civil group is seeking a Senior Level Business Analyst to join the National Airspace System Integration Support Contract (NISC IV) Team, providing support to the Federal Aviation Administration’s Management Services Technical Requirements Analysis Team (AJG-P24). This position will be 100% remote and Full-time.
Primary Responsibilities
Analyzes current and technical processes to formulate and develop new and modified business information processing systems to meet requirements
Duties include coordinating with business and technology teams to ascertain system requirements, such as program functions, output requirements, input data acquisition, execution of user acceptance, and may coordinate testing and system controls
Work with business owner in understanding the business needs and communicating to a wide range of stakeholders
Identifies the need and drives the development and implementation for new and significant improvements to major processes
Develops a thorough understanding of business processes, best practices, and available supporting technology and documentation
Must have proficiency using Microsoft Visio, Power Point, Word, Excel, Teams and other suite of Microsoft Office applications.
Works and collaborates closely with key stakeholders to document the key business goals and objectives for a new or existing process
Prepares detailed requirement specifications in the form of use cases, workflow diagrams and functional requirement documents for the development teams
Deliver high quality, spell checked customer deliverables
Participates in the Agile software development process as a proxy for the process owner role to help facilitate progress, answer any questions and provide more detailed requirements as necessary.
Collaborate with developers and testers in ensuring requirements are implemented correctly and meet customers’ expectations on a daily basis and capture any decisions or updates to tasks and requirements based on those discussions
Works closely with Quality Assurance Analyst to develop test cases/scenarios and detailed acceptance criteria.
Supports project delivery by working with the user community to document and coordinate user acceptance testing and training plans.
Collaborate with developers and testers in ensuring requirements are implemented correctly and meet customers’ expectations on a daily basis and capture any decisions or updates to tasks and requirements based on those discussions
Ability to identify solution and evaluate solution to complex system problem
Actively participate/lead in the discovery/validation/verification process throughout the development life cycle
Actively engage/lead in process improvement initiatives
Assists the Help Desk with problem and incident management.
Assists with end user training as necessary
Basic Qualification
Master or Bachelor degree with 4 to 8 years of prior relevant experience or Masters Degree with 2 to 6 years of prior relevant experience.
Prior relevant experience should include working with Software Development Life Cycle in Classic or Agile environment.
Must be eligible to work in the U.S. and pass FAA security screening for positions of public trust. US Citizenship is required
Microsoft Visio, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, SharePoint skillset are required
Ability to work independently
Good interpersonal skills and ability to work under strict deadlines
Strong verbal and written communication are required
Minimum of 3 year experience in data management and visualization
External Referral Bonus:
Eligible
External Referral Bonus $:
1000
Potential for Telework:
Yes, 100%
Clearance Level Required:
None
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Project Analysis
Pay Range:
Pay Range $65,000.00 - $100,000.00 - $135,000.00
#Remote"	3701	Washington
Technical Security Analyst/Tempest Analyst	National Security Agency	Fort Meade, MD	$72,750 - $113,362 a year	"Job Summary
Technology Security Analysts detect and mitigate close access technical attacks of intentional Technical Surveillance Countermeasures (TSCM), or Wireless Security (WISEC), and unintentional (TEMPEST) threats emanating from secure facilities and equipment.
Qualifications
Salary Range: $49,157- $78,167 (Entry/Developmental)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
(U) Entry is with a high school diploma or GED plus 4 years of relevant experience, or an Associate's degree plus 2 years of relevant experience, or a Bachelor's degree and no experience, OR successful completion of the Interagency Training Certification (TEMPEST or TSCM) as a military member, DoD contractor, or DoD civilian employee and no experience.
(U) Degree in any field is acceptable.
(U) Relevant experience must be in signals analysis, physical security, TEMPEST, counterintelligence, electrical/electronics, technical surveillance countermeasures, telecommunications, wireless security, packet analysis, information assurance, construction/facilities, or related.
Salary Range: $72,750 - $113,362 (Full Performance)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
Entry is with a high school diploma or GED plus 7 years of relevant experience, or an Associate's degree plus 5 years of relevant experience, or a Bachelor's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience, or a Master's degree plus 1 year of relevant experience, or a Doctoral degree and no experience, OR successful completion of the Interagency Training Certification (TEMPEST or TSCM) as a military member, DoD contractor, or DoD civilian employee and 3 years of relevant experience.
Degree in any field is acceptable.
Relevant experience must be in signals analysis, physical security, TEMPEST, counterintelligence, electrical/electronics, technical surveillance countermeasures, telecommunications, wireless security, packet analysis, information assurance, construction/facilities, or related.
Salary Range: $103,690- $159,286 (Senior)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
(U) Entry is with a high school diploma or GED plus 10 years of relevant experience, or an Associate's degree plus 8 years of relevant experience, or a Bachelor's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience, or a Master's degree plus 4 years of relevant experience, or a Doctoral degree plus 2 years of relevant experience, OR successful completion of the Interagency Training Certification (TEMPEST or TSCM) as a military member, DoD contractor, or DoD civilian employee and 6 years of relevant experience.
(U) Degree in any field is acceptable.
(U) Relevant experience must be in signals analysis, physical security, TEMPEST, counterintelligence, electrical/electronics, technical surveillance countermeasures, telecommunications, wireless security, packet analysis, information assurance, construction/facilities, or related.
Competencies
The ideal candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning, and strong communication (oral and written), problem-solving, analytic, interpersonal skills who is:
-accountable
-detail-oriented
-adaptable
-customer and results-oriented
-able to manage multiple tasks with competing timelines and deliverables
-able to work effectively (independently and/or within teams) across functional areas in a collaborative environment
For some positions, a TEMPEST Professional Level I or II certification with at least 10 years of TEMPEST testing and/or TEMPEST manufacturing experience is required.
Pay, Benefits, & Work Schedule
This is a full-time position, Monday through Friday.
How to apply
To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply' button located at the top right of this posting. After completing the application for the first time, or reviewing previously entered information, and clicking the 'Submit' button, you will receive a confirmation email. Please ensure your spam filters are configured to accept emails from noreply@intelligencecareers.gov.
***PLEASE NOTE: U.S. Citizenship is required for all applicants. Reasonable accommodations provided to applicants with disabilities during the application and hiring process where appropriate. NSA is an equal opportunity employer and abides by applicable employment laws and regulations. All applicants and employees are subject to random drug testing in accordance with Executive Order 12564. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a security background investigation and polygraph.
This position is a Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS) position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1601. DoD Components with DCIPS positions apply Veterans' Preference to eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 USC, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. If you are a veteran claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you may be asked to submit documents verifying your eligibility.
Please note that you may be asked a series of questions depending on the position you apply for. Your responses will be used as part of the screening process of your application and will assist in determining your eligibility for the position. Be sure to elaborate on experiences in your resume. Failure to provide the required information or providing inaccurate information will result in your application not being considered for this position. Only those applicants who meet the qualifications for the position will be contacted to begin employment processing.
Please Note: Job Posting could close earlier than the closing date due to sufficient number of applicants or position no longer available. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible.
DCIPS Disclaimer
The National Security Agency (NSA) is part of the DoD Intelligence Community Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). All positions in the NSA are in the Excepted Services under 10 United States Codes (USC) 1601 appointment authority.
arrow_upwardBack to Top"	3701	Washington
Senior Analyst	INCA Engineering	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	Senior Acquisition AnalystWe are seeking a team member with a passion for applying their experience and knowledge to distributed networked systems security. You will become a part of a flexible and dynamic team of technology experts and project leaders.As a Senior Acquisition Analyst you will assess, maintain and improve technology systems including a geographically distributed sensor system for border security.Key ResponsibilitiesAnalyze broadly stated project requirements and, through research and meeting with stakeholders, provide recommendations for improving key performance parameters, key system attributes, and additional requirements.Review requirement documentation to establish and maintain a streamlined systems acquisition process.Organize, lead, and attend integrated product team meetings for robust and open communications about requirements, acquisition strategies, Government-contractor team performance, and to provide information to Government decision makers.Monitor and evaluate the progress of assigned projects throughout a highly tailored and streamlined acquisition process to ensure projects meet requirements, budgetary goals, and schedule milestones.Prepare periodic and ad hoc reports and briefings highlighting progress against performance metrics, key events, budgetary performance, testing, and schedule milestones.Participate in all phases of the systems engineering process including requirements development, systems requirements reviews, design reviews, test readiness reviews, and acceptance testing.Basic Qualifications: 5 years or more experience related to engineering.Bachelor of Science in Engineering, Physical Science, Computer Science, Information Science, Mathematics or a related fieldUS CitizenDHS Suitability clearance or DoD Secret ClearancePreferred Experience: Previous experience with Department of Homeland SecurityPrevious experience in Systems Engineering, acquisition, test and evaluationUnderstanding of Systems acquisition lifecycle (e.g., ALF and MD-102).Familiarity with IEEE standard 1012, IEEE Standard 829-1998, and the DHS SELC.Excellent writing, communications and briefing skills. · Certifications from DAU and DAWIA in Acquisition or test and evaluation are desired.About INCA Engineering : INCA Engineering is a Veteran Owned small business providing research and technology development solutions that deliver positive impact on our world through creative innovation. Since 2008, we have combined a passion for our work with deep technical expertise to tackle our clients' greatest challenges.INCA Engineering offers an excellent benefits package, professional development, and fosters a highly skilled workforce while maintaining a healthy work-life balance. Benefits include personal time off, medical Insurance and 401k plan.INCA Engineering is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity)Job Location: Arlington VirginiaJob Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payCOVID-19 considerations:All work is currently being performed remotely and may allow work from home going forward.Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:project management: 5 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	3701	Washington
Senior CPIC Analyst	Chevo Consulting	Washington, DC 20005 (Logan Circle area)	None	"Chevo is currently hiring an experienced Senior CPIC Analyst, to join our expanding Portfolio Management practice. This position is primarily located on-site with our client in the Washington, DC Metro Area. The ideal candidate will demonstrate versatility in understanding and performing work related to program/project management, portfolio management, capital planning and investment control (CPIC), program governance, and system development life cycle management activities.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Providing hands on strategic and tactical advisory services to improve the efficacy of the Agency’s CPIC process while reducing complexity and burden
Making recommendations for improvements to the project and portfolio management policies, procedures, and processes using industry best practices in CPIC and portfolio management.
Serve as primary point of contact between Agency and Components regarding Component CPIC Activities to ensure effective communication between both sets of organizations
Provide directed advisory and coaching support to Components CPIC staff and key stakeholders on CPIC processes and programmatic issues;
Review, assessment and recommendations and Agency scoring process for Annual Major Business Case submissions and Non-Major Business Cases for quality and completion as needed;
Review of monthly submissions for quality and completion; approve Baseline Change Requests
Participate in bi-monthly Agency CPIC meetings
Review and update Agency CPIC guidance as changes occur from OMB and other oversight bodies.
Perform various ad hoc analysis.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
7+ years total experience
Knowledge of the DHS Department level CPIC process
Experience in managing investments from a portfolio perspective
Ability to pass client security clearance requirements
Desired Qualifications:
Strong consulting (4+ years consulting experience), writing, and client handling skills
Prior experience in a Federal Government Consulting role
Strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to present a polished, professional, and diplomatic image to clients
Strong analytical skills – assertive and inquisitive manner that allows the individual to take indirectly related and orally communicated information and transform it into actionable information
Experience at DHS Headquarters or Component
Chevo offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental and vision coverage, paid leave, 401K plan with matching, monthly SMART card employer contribution for commuting expenses, tuition assistance and more!
Chevo ranks on the 2020 Washington Technology Fast 50 list and is a winner of the 2012 through 2020 Alliance for Workplace Excellence (AWE) Seal of Approval!
Chevo Consulting, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law"	3701	Washington
Management Analyst	US National Institutes of Health	Montgomery County, MD	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
As a Management Analyst in the RMAL, you will develop, implement, and refine applicable policies, procedural guidance and strategic objectives to maintain the NIH Risk Management Program. You will initiate proposals as needed by changing circumstances, and identify inefficiencies, gaps, or inconsistencies in ongoing operations. You will draft guidelines and procedures for consideration, and evaluate and monitor the ongoing effectiveness and value of the NIH Risk Management Program.
Responsibilities
Develop, implement and refine policies, procedural guidance and strategic objectives.
Act as a Risk Management Program Liaison to designated organizations and serve as a risk management program expert.
Support in-depth studies of NIH-wide high-risk areas by initiating and executing complex management assessment projects to assess the risks and vulnerabilities in NIH systems and processes.
Develop and maintain Risk Management Program training as needed for multiple positions within the NIH risk management community.
Utilize a high degree of qualitative and quantitative analytical skill in analyzing, and evaluating the effectiveness of programs, operations and controls in meeting established goals and objectives and recommend appropriate actions for improvement.
Participate in high level meetings with senior management at the NIH and HHS about strategic, operational, and reporting risks because many issues cut across the NIH and impact or strongly influence other agencies, or have national impact.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Management Analysts
Program Analysts
Program Management Analyst
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship requirement or proof of being a U.S. National must be met by closing date.
Employment is subject to the successful completion of the pre-appointment process (i.e., background investigation, verification of qualifications and job requirements, completion of onboarding forms, submission of required documents, etc.)
Males born after December 31, 1959 must be registered with the Selective Service.
Applicants must meet all qualifications requirements within thirty (30) calendar days of the closing date of this announcement, including time in grade.
Qualifications
You qualify at the GS-14 level, if you meet the following qualification requirement:
I qualify for this position at the GS-14 level because I have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the
GS-13 level in the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing the following types of tasks: Developing long-range program plans, goals, objectives, and milestones; evaluating the effectiveness of programs conducted throughout a bureau or service of an independent agency, interpreting findings resulting from studies, and developing modifications, revisions, and procedures needed to improve the effectiveness and efficiency; providing guidance and interpretation of policies, regulations, and emerging legislation regarding programs; developing and implementing program goals and directives; identifying and developing ways to resolve problems or cope with issues which directly affect the accomplishment of principal program goals and objectives; using study findings to create new administrative systems, legislation, regulations, or programs; preparing complete decision packages, staff studies, and recommendations which upon implementation would significantly change major administrative aspects of missions and programs, or which would substantially affect the quality and quantity of benefits and services provided to the agency's clients.

Do not copy and paste the duties, specialized experience, or occupational assessment questionnaire from this announcement into your resume as that will not be considered a demonstration of your qualifications for this position.

You will receive credit for all experience material to the position, including experience gained in religious, civic, welfare, service, and organizational activities, regardless of whether you received pay.


Preview assessment questionnaire before you apply: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11141498
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.

This position is designated as a ""non-emergency/teleworker"" position and the selected candidate will be considered a ""non-emergency/teleworker"" employee. In the event of a closure, you must be available to telework or request leave.
At the supervisor's discretion, this position may offer work schedule flexibilities such as: telework, remote work, compressed schedules, flexible schedules.
A one-year probationary period may be required upon selection/placement.
PHS Commissioned Officers interested in performing the duties of this position within the Commissioned Corps should apply online to this announcement to receive consideration.
Veterans' Preference applies only to Schedule A (disability appointment) and Veterans Recruitment Appointments (if applicable).
The National Institutes of Health participates in the USCIS Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify). E-Verify helps employers determine employment eligibility of new hires and the validity of their Social Security numbers.
The NIH maintains a tobacco free work environment and campus.
Must be able to perform the essential duties of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation.
Visit our Applicant FAQs page for helpful information on the application process.
Visit our Total Compensation page for a detailed look into the benefits, awards, leave, retirement and other incentives employees may receive as part of a rewarding work environment.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Additional selections may be made for similar positions across the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) within the local commuting area(s) of the location identified in this announcement. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with interested selecting official(s) at HHS. Clearance of CTAP/ICTAP will be applied for similar positions across HHS.

To determine your qualifications and referral status, we may review your resume and supporting documentation and compare it against your responses to the vacancy questionnaire. Ensure you support your self-ratings by the information you provide in your application. We may verify or assess your qualifications at any time. Inflated or unsupported qualifications may affect your rating. Any misrepresentation or material omission of facts may be sufficient cause to end further consideration of your candidacy. Persons listed as having knowledge of your past accomplishments or experience in your application may be contacted for verification purposes at any time. Verification may, but need not, begin prior to receiving an offer. To be considered well qualified for the purposes of the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) and the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP), you must substantively exceed the basic qualifications by scoring at least an 85 on the assessment and meet all eligibility, physical, medical, suitability, and all other requirements.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
RESUME:
Your resume must thoroughly describe how your skills and experiences align to the criteria defined in the ""Qualifications"" section of this announcement and it must support your responses to the assessment questionnaire. We cannot assume you have performed the necessary experience required for this position regardless of your employment history or academic career. To ensure all of the essential information is in your resume, we encourage you to use the USAJOBS online Resume Builder. If you choose to use your own resume, you must ensure it contains all of the required information and you organize it so we can associate the following information for each experience/position:

Job title
Name of employer
Beginning and ending dates of employment (month/day/year format)
Hours worked per week. We will assume full-time unless otherwise stated. We will prorate part-time employment in crediting experience.
Detailed description of job duties, accomplishments, related skills, and responsibilities to include any supervisory/managerial responsibilities and number of staff supervised (if applicable)
Series and grade or equivalent (if a federal position)


If the position has an education requirement or you are qualifying on the basis of education, you need to list your education history including the type of degree and your major of study. If the position requires a certain number of credit hours, you are strongly encouraged to list the relevant courses in your resume. Do not include a photograph or video of yourself, or any sensitive information (age, date of birth, marital status, protected health information, religious affiliation, social security number, etc.) on your resume or cover letter. We will not access web pages linked on your resume or cover letter to determine your qualifications.


For resume writing guidance, please visit the following resources: NIH Jobs website, USAJOBS Resource Center, and the USAJOBS Resume Writing Video Tutorial.

ASSESSMENT QUESTIONNAIRE:
You must submit a completed assessment questionnaire.

ELIGIBILITY/PREFERENCE DOCUMENTATION:

You must submit the following documentation, if applicable to you AND respond accordingly to the associated question on the online questionnaire. If you do not provide the required information, we will assume you are not eligible or you do not wish to be considered for any preference or eligibility.
SF-50 - A copy of your most recent competitive career or career conditional SF-50 that shows the effective date of your latest position and the full performance level. You may obtain a copy of your SF-50 from your human resources office or, if you are an HHS employee, from your eOPF. If you separated from Federal Government employment, you may obtain a copy of your SF-50 via the Federal Records Center, National Archives and Records Administration.
Veteran Documentation: (DD-214, VA Disability Letter, etc.). Reference Standard Form 15 (SF-15) for required documentation if you are a 10-point preference eligible. Submission of SF-15 is not required, unless you have derived preference (XP) as described in questions 7, 8, or 9 on the SF-15. In those cases, you must submit a completed SF-15 and the required documentation. For 5 point preference eligibles, you must submit your DD-214 (if separated) or any written documentation from the armed forces that certifies you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
Schedule A (Disability Appointment): Documentation of eligibility for employment under Schedule A can be obtained from a licensed medical professional (e.g., a physician or other medical professional certified by a state, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. territory to practice medicine); a licensed vocational rehabilitation specialist (i.e., state or private); or any Federal agency, state agency, or agency of the District of Columbia or a U.S. territory that issues or provides disability benefits. The letter must be printed on a medical professional's letterhead and signed. Please note the Schedule A hiring authority neither guarantees employment, nor gives an individual preference in the hiring process.
Documentation to support any other noncompetitive or OPM interchange agreement eligibility. Reference the Eligibility section of the questionnaire for required documents and information.
Visit our sites on Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) for more information and required documentation.
Please do not submit any other supplementary documentation that is not requested of you. To protect your personal information, we will only send your resume and cover letter to the selecting official or hiring manager.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Individuals with disabilities
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
You must be a current or former federal employee eligible to apply under merit promotion procedures or otherwise be eligible as a status applicant (e.g. Veterans Employment Opportunity Act) OR be an individual who is eligible through an OPM interchange agreement or for a non-competitive appointment."	3701	Washington
Senior Economics Analyst	ICF	Fairfax, VA 22031	None	"Senior Economics Analyst
The Regulatory, Policy and Economics business portfolio at ICF supports primarily public-sector clients in the full range of economic and policy activities. We estimate costs and benefits, as well as the economic impact of regulations, policies, and programs. We also evaluate program effectiveness. We work with virtually all federal agencies; key clients include the Department of Homeland Security, Department of Transportation, Department of Labor, the Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Interior, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission as well as other federal, state and local agencies, and select non-profit and private-sector clients.
Your day-to-day role:
As a Senior Economics Analyst on the Economics team, you will interact with Federal and State government economists and other regulatory program staff. In a typical day, you will manage work on short- and long-term projects focused on policies and regulations affecting various areas including energy, environment, labor, transportation, homeland security, immigration, and others. For these projects, you will produce cost-benefit analyses and economic impact analyses of policies and regulations. Your work products will include written reports, memoranda, spreadsheet models, R code, and PowerPoint presentations. A portion of your work products may be published for public comment in the Federal Register. The bulk of your work will be on domestic regulatory issues. So, if you have a background and interest primarily in international issues, then this job is probably not the right fit for you. You need to be flexible and able to work in a fast-paced environment on a variety of topics and with a variety of technical skill sets (cost-benefit analysis, economic impact analysis, econometrics).
Your work also will involve collaborating with senior and junior staff to develop deliverables for our clients, including performing quality reviews of work produced by colleagues and peers. A small share of your time over the course of a year will be spent on contributing to proposal efforts or presenting at conferences.
What we are looking for:
PhD in economics, or related field.
0-2 years of experience.
Ability to obtain and maintain a government security clearance.
U.S. Citizenship required ( required by federal government for position)
We want to talk to you if you also have experience with:
Analytical tools including R, IMPLAN, and GAMS.
Computable General Equilibrium (CGE) modeling.
Energy issues, including decarbonization, electricity demand forecasting, and economic impacts.
Other intangibles we are looking for:
We need someone who has strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills, and who works well on teams. We hire problem-solvers with strong analytical skills that have a high level of attention to detail. Because we are in client services, we need someone who is professional and oriented towards customer service. We also would look favorably on candidates who have experience in business development.
Working at ICF
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy .
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement .
Fairfax, VA (VA01)"	3701	Washington
Public Health Policy Analyst	The Cadmus Group, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	Overview: At Cadmus, our Homeland Security Sector provides clients with pragmatic solutions to their most important analytical and policy challenges. We bring together a team of outstanding professionals who have earned a reputation of responsive and client-focused support for a wide range of homeland security and emergency preparedness agencies at all levels of government. Our client-oriented approach, coupled with our profound and relevant subject-matter expertise, enables us to bring an incisive edge to solving the most critical homeland security problems.Responsibilities:Initiate, coordinate, and conduct public health analysis for purposes of protecting the essential goods, services, and functions of healthcare and public healthAnalyze and evaluate the effectiveness of public health policies, programs, strategies, or other policy-related issuesAnalyze established public health policy and recommending related areas for improvement, including ways to establish program prioritiesAssist with the analysis of complex public health policies, programs, and statistics to advise senior management on public health policies, operations, products, and/or servicesAssist in collaborative research and development efforts for applications or capabilities with federal, state, local, and academic partnersCoordinate public health activitiesSupport coordination and collaboration with a broad spectrum of public health constituents and participants, including Federal, state, local and international public health officials, as well as government officials, private entities, and senior researchers in academic settingsSupport the analysis of public health and medical data elements including:Public health and medical warnings and alerts and the ability to view and synthesize data while providing real-time analysisInvestigations and analysis of public health and medical/human services problems and provide recommendations to mitigate the issuesMedical surveillance information, exposure tracking, population at risk/affected population identification, syndromic surveillance, trends and disease spreadSupportability and sustainability of public health and medical supportExplore tasks related to risk-based issues for the Healthcare and Public Health (HPH) Sector,Identify and document ongoing and emerging issues related to the HPH Sector prioritiesPrepare, produce, and coordinate inputs for reports, studies, and briefings for a variety of audiences that demonstrate broad analytical expertise in assigned disciplinesPerforms other duties as assignedQualifications: Required Qualifications: Graduate degree in public health, public policy, economics, or sciences (chemistry, biology, epidemiology)4-6 years experienceSome experience working in public health or related policy fieldsExcellent attention to detailAbility to process actions in a timely mannerExcellent professional communication skills, both oral and writtenDemonstrated proactive approaches to problem-solving with strong decision-making capabilityHighly resourceful team-player, with the ability to also be extremely effective independentlyDemonstrated ability to achieve high performance goals and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environmentProficiency in Microsoft Excel. Some skills in data analysis tools (e.g. SAS, R) and data visualization tools (e.g. SAS Visual Analytics, Tableau, Microsoft Power BI) preferredSuperior Time Management skillsCandidates must be eligible to obtain a security clearance - requires U.S. Citizenship*Additional Information: To apply, all candidates must submit a resume, a cover letter, and a 2-5 page writing sample.*Based on eligibility and job status, Cadmus offers an excellent benefits package to include: medical, dental, vision, company paid disability and life insurance, 401(k) program, employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), paid time off (PTO), paid holidays, voluntary time off (VTO), tuition reimbursement, adoption assistance program, other optional benefits and various bonus programs.Cadmus is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer and prohibits unlawful discrimination. Cadmus is committed to providing a respectful workplace where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation (including gender identity and/or expression), national origin, military and veteran status, physical and mental disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.Learn more about Cadmus by visiting our website at: http://www.cadmusgroup.comJob Type: Full-time	3701	Washington
Senior Systems Analyst	Yakshna Solutions, Inc.(YSI)	Herndon, VA 20170	$85,000 - $95,000 a year	Position Title: Senior System AnalystJob id: 202106006Location: Herndon, VAYakshna Solutions, Inc., (YSI) is a woman-owned small business enterprise, headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, USA. YSI provides professional IT solutions and services to business corporations and government organizations. YSI is committed to serve its business communities as a leading IT vendor providing innovative, quality and cost-effective IT business solutions and services.Our benefits are very competitive that include 401(k), health, dental, and vision insurance, Life insurance, short-term and long-term disability insurance, paid time off, training and professional development assistance.YSI is seeking a highly qualified senior system Analyst with 10 years of experience to work at Herndon, VA. The selected candidate will be able to communicate effectively (written/verbal), possess strong interpersonal skills, be self-motivated, and be innovative in a fast-paced environmentJob Responsibilities: · Should act as a information management specialist· Responsible for software development life-cycle management including project reporting, and overall task management· Ensure team members provide proper services and complete the deliverables in and acceptable and timely manner· Serve as a task leader on a project team for software development and act as a single point of contact.Required Educational Qualifications / Certifications: · BA or BS in Computer Science or equivalent· 10 years of experience in System Analysis / information system roleClearance: Public Trust ClearanceSalary:  $85,000- $95,000/AnnumJob Type: Full-timePay: $85,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftAbility to Commute/Relocate:Herndon, VA 20170: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Information management: 10 years (Required)SDLC: 10 years (Preferred)Systems analysis: 10 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Confidential (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	3701	Washington
Senior Business Analyst	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Senior Business Analyst(Job Number: 049427)
Description

Grant Thornton is seeking a Senior Associate to join its Enterprise Information Management service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Senior Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
The Senior Business Analyst offers functional and in-depth analysis in support of project scope and objectives. Utilizing problem solving and analytical skills to support current processes and assist in the creation of process improvements. Provide on-going quality checks on work in progress in conjunction with the engagement manager to help avoid costly or disruptive errors. Must be comfortable with leading projects from start to finish and demonstrate an ownership mentality with objectives and overcoming challenges. The Business Analyst is expected to develop a thorough understanding of the customer's requirements and applies industry best practices/detailed digital platform knowledge to design an optimal solution that supports the business process and meets or exceeds the functional requirements. Primary responsibilities include the following:
Support engagement teams performing business process reengineering, process transformation, and process documentation support services under the supervision of a senior associate or manager.
Perform market research, gap analyses, cost benefit analyses, and other analytical studies.
Analyze external and internal customer requirements to identify new solutions, processes, and process improvements that will meet their business needs.

Elicit and analyze external and internal customer requirements using interviews, process and document analysis, task and workflow analysis, and other techniques as appropriate, to identify new solutions, processes, and process improvements to meet customer business needs.

Recommend and document new business processes and process improvements.
Assist in organizing and leading client meetings. This shall include scheduling meetings; drafting and delivering agendas and meeting minutes; providing and archiving required documentation; and documenting, tracking, and following-up on action items.
Manage multiple assignments while ensuring technical accuracy, adherence to standards, and timely delivery of all products.
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
Qualifications

Assist with project schedule development, including task definition, duration, and resource estimates.
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.

Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.

Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.

Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	3701	Washington
Strategy and Strategic Communications Analyst, Junior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"Key Role:
Act as a direct advisor to the most senior clients (C-suite, Cabinet, SES, Commissioner or Minister level, etc.) on the highest-level decisions. Set strategic direction, CEO mandated programs while understanding and articulating highly complex business problems/theses. Plan and implement strategies and approaches for multiple organizational strategy, transformation, and change components. Apply basic principles, theories, and concepts with limited industry knowledge. Solve routine problems of limited scope and complexity and refer more complex issues to higher levels. Work under direct supervision.
Basic Qualifications:
1+ years of experience with IT or strategic communications
Experience in authoring communications deliverables including strategic messages, industry engagement briefs, articles, marketing materials, or slick sheets
Experience with development and designing of communications plans and communication strategies to support both internal and external initiatives
Experience with Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint
Ability to articulate technical messages to a variety of audiences clearly
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Secret clearance
BA or BS degree
Additional Qualifications:
Experience in working with senior leaders
Knowledge of the Air Force structure and processes
Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	3701	Washington
Senior Budget Analyst	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Senior Budget Analyst(Job Number: 050636)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking a Senior Associate to join its Finance Transformation service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Senior Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Coordinate with various FPS program offices to develop and maintain life cycle cost estimates for capital investment programs.
Develop life cycle cost estimates in ACEIT (Automated Cost Estimating Integrated Tools), including performing risk and sensitivity analysis.
Knowledge and experience in using best practices for developing and managing capital program costs including establishing a cost estimating baseline and developing a work breakdown structure.
Assess operational requirements and develop marginal cost estimates I support of FPS deployments.
Provide variance analysis and recommendations.
Provide support services to review, develop, and update financial policies and procedures for FPS related to Federal Government and Accounting regulations.
Assist in the development and/or update of financial policies and procedures to address and prevent audit findings and recommendation areas.
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
Qualifications

Cost Accounting
Activity Based Costing
Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.
Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.
#LI-JB1
Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	3701	Washington
Senior Analyst, Operations	Sony Corporation of America	Herndon, VA	None	"Sony Corporation of America , located in New York, NY, is the U.S. headquarters of Sony Group Corporation, based in Tokyo, Japan. Sony's principal U.S. businesses include Sony Electronics Inc., Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC, Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Music Publishing and Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. With some 900 million Sony devices in hands and homes worldwide today, a vast array of Sony movies, television shows and music, and the PlayStation Network, Sony creates and delivers more entertainment experiences to more people than anyone else on earth. To learn more: www.sony.com/en .

Sony Corporation of America (SCA), is seeking a Senior Analyst, Operations to join the Global Information Security Department organization in Herndon, Va. This position will report to the Vice President and General Manager of Operations and is responsible for overseeing facilities, reception, and security functions; logistics and site requirements planning; establishing office process and protocols; and organizing employee events as a key part of the Global Information Security Department (GISD).

Responsibilities:
Oversee the office management functions to include, the office manager, reception and security operations
Coordinate and manage project tasks to ensure project delivery within allotted budget and timelines.
Develop facility requirements and plans to support the workforce
Manage site COVID protocols and ensure adherence
Assist with site support vendor management
Maintain business continuity plans
Provide support for audio/visual (A/V) equipment to support meetings and conferences
Communicate workplace safety precautions to employees, as needed
Coordinate and assist with in-office logistics including, A/V and catering needs for large meetings and events
Plan and organize Volunteer Day and annual Holiday Party activities
Handle logistics for offsite events (conference space and hotel negotiations, etc.)
Perform other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
3-5 years’ experience as in facility management or front office management
Knowledge of general operational requirements. safety precautions related to facilities management
Ability to develop plans and procedures with limited oversight
Experience with event planning
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to prioritize multiple tasks and formulate responses/recommendations to customers and team members
Sound problem resolution, judgment, negotiating and decision-making skills
Strong work ethic and commitment to accomplish assigned tasks
All candidates must be authorized to work in the USA
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, military status, status as a veteran or disabled veteran, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or family status, genetic information, medical condition, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local law, ordinance, or regulation.
Disability Accommodation for Applicants to Sony Corporation of America
Sony Corporation of America provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. For reasonable accommodation requests, please contact us by email at careers@sonyusa.com or by mail to: Sony Corporation of America, Human Resources Department, 25 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010. Please indicate the position you are applying for.
EEO is the Law
EEO is the Law Supplement
Right to Work (English/Spanish)
E-Verify Participation (English/Spanish)"	3701	Washington
Administrative Specialist	US Mine Safety and Health Administration	Arlington, VA	$49,157 - $78,167 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Directorate of Program Evaluation and Information Resources (PEIR), of the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA). The incumbent works directly for the Management Analyst Officer and performs a variety of analytical and advisory tasks in support of program administration.

This position is OUTSIDE the bargaining unit.

Responsibilities
This is a career ladder progression position; the duties described below are at the full performance level, GS-09. If selected at the GS-07 grade level, the incumbent will serve in a developmental capacity, wherein the work is less complex in nature and the supervisor or a senior level employee provides specific instruction and guidance.

Duties at the GS-09 grade level:

Serves as a Purchase Card Holder for the office. Coordinates office procurement activities for property, equipment, supplies, and services. Ensures appropriate goods or services are received before processing expenditures for certification and payment. Responsible for submitting accurate and timely monthly reconciliation data into the Agency's financial management system for the purpose of review, certification, approval, and payment. Responds to all inquiries regarding purchase card usage and expenditures.
Manages office supply purchases/inventories for the office. Considers office supply requirements and assures that they are valid. Documents all requests for supplies/services and tracks the receipt and distribution of supplies with the area office. Follows-up on delayed/delinquent deliveries and keeps the requester informed regarding the status of supply requests. Serves as the Accountable Property Custodian for the office. Ensures that property, space, and equipment are maintained, repaired, modified, and/or excessed in accordance with property management policies and guidelines. Prepares procurement documents for the acquisition/disposal of equipment and supplies. Oversees and/or conducts the annual physical Inventory of all office accountable property. Coordinates service/repair calls for office equipment assigned to the Office.
Coordinates the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) program at the Office level. This includes ensuring FOIAs are processed and tracked in accordance with FOIA rules and exemptions and local guidance and policies; and monitoring FOIA fee collection reports and ensuring that payment correspondence is prepared and delivered in accordance with FOIA and Agency guidelines.
Reviews non-technical materials, correspondence, documents prepared for signature of or requiring coordination by the Director for conformance with regulations, completeness, grammar, format, and special policies of the agency. Determines if all necessary background materials are attached to documents and returns document(s) to originator for correction when not in conformance with known policy or when regulations have not been followed. Prepares, into final form, a variety or letters, memoranda, and reports involving technical terminology and complicated formats. May draft routine replies for Director, using own knowledge of Agency functions and guidelines. Establishes and maintains manual and automated filing systems for area office correspondence, reports, and other official documentation.
Serves as the office timekeeper, and is responsible for monitoring the Agency's time and attendance system. Maintains automated and/or manual records of leave and attendance, and inputs data in the automated system as needed. Researches and responds to employee questions regarding time and attendance data (e.g., leave balances, premium pay, holidays, etc.). Monitors the automated time and attendance system to assure the timely and accurate validation of timesheets by employees, and certification by managers. Performs time and attendance leave audits as required.
Serves as the office central point of contact on matters pertaining to program and administrative work processes. This includes personnel matters such as: assisting the supervisor in a wide variety of personnel actions such as recruitment, promotions, or reassignments of office employees; tracking performance appraisal; reviewing accident reports and incidents. Advises managers regarding the submission of performance appraisals, monitors supervisory progress in completing appraisals, and tracks the submissions of performance appraisals.
Serves as the travel program point of contact for the area office. Prepares and processes travel authorizations and vouchers for the Director and office staff. Prepares travel authorizations for blanket and specific travel, and maintains records pertaining to employees' travel activities. Manages the Government Owned Vehicles program for the Office in accordance with Agency policy and procedures.
Assists in managing the Director's schedule by priorities at her/his own discretion, and setting-up, rearranging or declining appointments as necessary. Assist the Director in coordinating and scheduling official travel arrangements. Maintains contact with the Director while she/he is away from the office, providing information on office functions and operations, taking messages, and scheduling later appointments for callers and visitors. Keeps office managers abreast of appointments and briefs on subject matters as necessary.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Some travel may be required to attend meetings or training not available at the duty station.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
09 - There is no obligation to provide future promotions if you are selected. Promotions are dependent on your ability to perform the duties at a higher level, meet all the performance requirements, and supervisor’s recommendation to the next grade.
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Appointment to this position may require a background investigation.
Requires a probationary period if the requirement has not been met.
Must be at least 16 years old and a U.S. Citizen.
Applicants must meet time-in-grade, time-after-competitive-appointment and qualifications requirements within 30 calendar days after the closing date of the vacancy to be eligible for consideration for selection.

Federal Employees Please Note: Your SF-50 must include enough information to be able to determine that time-in-grade requirements have been met and reflects your position title, pay plan/series/grade, tenure and the type of appointment (i.e. competitive/excepted). In some cases you may need to submit more than one SF-50.

Reference the ""Required Documents"" section for additional requirements.
Qualifications
For the GS-07:
Applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level, GS-5, in the Federal Service. This experience may have been gained either in the Federal or private sectors. Specialized Experience is defined as experience that has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

Specialized experience for this position at the GS-7 grade level is performing a variety of administrative functions, examples of such include:

Experience conducting studies and analyses of administrative concerns to improve office operations;
Ability to effectively communicate with principal organization leadership on sensitive administrative/management concerns;
Ability to meet and deal with a wide variety of organization stakeholders representing organization leadership interests in confidence;
Experience reviewing and editing a variety of administrative and management documents to ensure content accuracy, proper grammar and spelling;
Experience coordinating office procurement activities for property, equipment, supplies and services;
Experience in managing multiple and frequently simultaneous priorities combined with the ability to research and successfully resolve complex problems or situations involving assigned areas of responsibility; and,
Experience coordinating the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) program to include fee collection and payment correspondence.

OR, Possess 1 full year of graduate level education leading to a graduate degree which has provided me the knowledge, skills and abilities to successfully perform the duties of this position.

OR, Possess an equivalent combination of specialized experience as described in the vacancy announcement and graduate level education that has provided you with the required knowledge, skills and abilities necessary to do the work of the position.

OR, Possess a bachelor's degree in a related field that has provided you with the knowledge, skills and abilities necessary to do the work of this position and Superior Academic Achievement (SAA) based on one of the following: graduated in the upper 3rd of my class; or, have a cumulative undergraduate GPA of 3.0 out of 4.0, or a GPA of 3.5 out of a 4.0 based on the average of the required courses completed in a major field; or, was elected to a national scholastic honor society.

For the GS-09:

Applicants must have at least 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level, GS-07, in the Federal service that has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, experience, and skills to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized Experience is defined as experience that has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

Specialized experience for this position at the GS-09 grade level is performing a variety of administrative functions, examples of such include:

Experience conducting studies and analyses of administrative concerns to improve office operations;
Ability to effectively communicate with principal organization leadership on sensitive administrative/management concerns;
Ability to meet and deal with a wide variety of organization stakeholders representing organization leadership interests in confidence;
Experience reviewing and editing a variety of administrative and management documents to ensure content accuracy, proper grammar and spelling;
Experience coordinating office procurement activities for property, equipment, supplies and services;
Experience in managing multiple and frequently simultaneous priorities combined with the ability to research and successfully resolve complex problems or situations involving assigned areas of responsibility; and,
Experience coordinating the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) program to include fee collection and payment correspondence.

OR, Possess a master's or equivalent graduate degree; of J.D. or LL.B., if related; or 2 full years of progressively higher graduate level education in a related field which has provided me with the required knowledge, skills and abilities necessary to do the work of this position.

OR, Possess an equivalent combination of specialized experience directly related to the work of this position and graduate level education as described in the vacancy announcement that has provided me with necessary knowledge, skills and abilities to successfully perform the duties of this position.
Education
Any applicant falsely claiming an academic degree from an accredited school will be subject to actions ranging from disqualification from federal employment to removal from federal service.

If your education was completed at a foreign college or university, you must show comparability to education received in accredited educational institutions in the United States and comparability to applicable minimum course work requirements for this position. Click Evaluation of Foreign Education for more information.

Transcripts must be in English.
Additional information
Position Telework eligibility is determined by management based on position duties during the recruitment process. Employee participation in telework on a routine or situational basis is determined by management primarily based on business needs. Employees participating in telework are subject to the terms and conditions of the Department of Labor’s Telework Program.

DOL seeks to attract and retain a high performing and diverse workforce in which employees’ differences are respected and valued to better meet the varying needs of the diverse customers we serve. DOL fosters a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all individuals are able to participate and contribute to their full potential.

All MSHA employees and their spouses, and minor children are prohibited by regulation from having any interest, direct or indirect, in any mine or mining company which may be directly affected by the work of MSHA through its investigations, technical research, or other activities. These interests are prohibited under the Department of Labor's Supplemental Standards of Ethical Conduct Regulations at 5 CFR 5201.105. Certain MSHA employees are required to file a financial disclosure report. For questions, please contact the vacancy contact on this announcement.

Refer to these links for more information: GENERAL INFORMATION, ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION, FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES

DOL encourages persons who are eligible under 5 CFR 213.3102(u), Schedule A (i.e. intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities) & 30% or more Disabled Veterans to apply.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Evaluation Factors (Competencies) - All qualified applicants will be evaluated on the following key competencies:

Administration and Management - Knowledge of planning, coordination, and execution of business functions, resource allocation, and production.

Clerical - Knowledge of filing, typing, entering data, maintaining records, taking shorthand, and using and completing forms.

Contracting/Procurement - Knowledge of various types of contracts, techniques, or requirements (for example, Federal Acquisitions Regulations) for contracting or procurement, and contract negotiation and administration.

Customer Service - Anticipates and meets the needs of both internal and external customers. Delivers high-quality products and services; is committed to continuous improvement.

Planning and Evaluating - Organizes work, sets priorities, and determines resource requirements; determines short- or long-term goals and strategies to achieve them; coordinates with other organizations or parts of the organization to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.

Writing - Recognizes or uses correct English grammar, punctuation, and spelling; communicates information (for example, facts, ideas, or messages) in a succinct and organized manner; produces written information, which may include technical material, that is appropriate for the intended audience.

The information you provide may be verified by a review of your work experience and/or education, by checking references, and through other means (ex. interview). Your evaluation may also include a review by an HR Specialist or panel and may include other assessment tools (ex. interview, structured interview, written test, work sample, etc.). The examining Office of Human Resources (OHR) makes the final determination concerning applicant ratings. Your resume MUST provide sufficient information to substantiate your vacancy question responses. If not, the OHR may amend your responses to more accurately reflect the level of competency indicated by the content of your resume.

Click here for Evaluation details.

INFORMATION FOR CTAP/ICTAP ELIGIBLE(S) ONLY: If you are eligible for special priority selection under CTAP or ICTAP, you must be well-qualified for the position to receive consideration. ICTAP/CTAP eligible(s) will be considered ""well-qualified"" if they attain at least a rating score of 85 in a numerical rating scheme. Be sure to review DOL Account Eligibility Questions #24 to reflect that you are applying as an ICTAP or CTAP eligible and submit supporting documentation.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. (ET) on the vacancy closing date. Warning: If you submit a document using the same document title, the 2nd submission will OVERWRITE the 1st submission. Also, do not upload password-protected documents.

The following documents are required from all applicants (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY):

ARE YOU A CURRENT OR FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEE? If applying as a status candidate with current or former Federal Service, please provide a copy of your last or most recent SF-50, ""Notification of Personnel Action” which shows your appointment eligibility for the position for which you are applying. Your SF-50 must identify the highest grade you held on a permanent basis, Pay Plan/Pay Schedule, Series, and Grade/Pay Band, and career status. Multiple SF-50 may be submitted to demonstrate your highest previous rate and eligibility.
WARNING: An award SF-50 (ex. cash or time off award) may not indicate grade, step, and competitive status. For current DOL employees, an award SF-50 DOES NOT indicate grade and step.

- Resumes are required - provide a resume either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one from your computer and USAJOBS profile. To receive full consideration for relevant and specialized experience, please list the month, year, and the number of work hours worked for the experience listed on your resume. We also suggest that you preview the vacancy questions, and confirm that your resume supports your question responses.

Unofficial Transcript(s) (in English) - If you are using education as a basis for qualifying for this position, you must submit all applicable academic transcripts demonstrating that you meet the qualifying educational requirements (ex. BA/BS, MA, JD, Ph.D., etc.). If specific coursework is required to qualify, you must supply an unofficial transcript from each academic institution in which the required courses were taken in order to receive credit. You may upload your unofficial transcript(s) as one document (3 MB size limit). If over 3 MB, please submit via fax feature. NOTE: The OFFICIAL Transcript(s) MUST BE RECEIVED, if you are selected, and prior to receiving the firm offer with a start date.

Reference the “Education Section” for College Transcript and Evaluation of Foreign Education.
Most recent performance appraisal/evaluation signed and dated within 18 months is requested by the agency, but will not disqualify candidates if not submitted. If not submitted during the application process, one may/will be requested at the time of the interview if the opportunity is extended. Applies to current and former Federal employees.

The following documents are required if applicable:

- Displaced Employee Placement Documents - Only required if requesting priority consideration under ICTAP/CTAP Eligibility.

- DD-214 - verifying military service, eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA), and showing the character of discharge (ex. Member Copy 4 and 2 are acceptable vs. Copy 1 which is not acceptable to adjudicate veteran's preference)

Special/Non-Competitive Appointing Authority Documents
Applicants who are eligible for consideration, and wish to be considered, under one of the following non-competitive hiring authorities must submit appropriate documentation (click on the links below to see the documentation requirements): (a) Persons with Severe Disabilities (SCHEDULE A) (b) 30% or More Compensable Disabled Veterans (DAV) (c) Former Peace Corps Volunteers (PCV) OR Current or Former Peace Corps Employees (PCE) (d) Military Spouses (MISP) (e) Veterans Recruitment Authority (VRA) (f) Other
Land Management Eligible(s): a copy of your most recent Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) proving your eligibility for appointment under the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act. This service must have been performed in the competitive service, under a time-limited appointment in a Land Management Agency, as defined by P.L. 114-328. For more information, click here.
Cover Letters are not mandatory and will not be used to verify experience, but may be submitted.

Applicants selected for employment who are not current DOL employees will be required to provide proof of citizenship, and the E-Verify system will be used to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Also advertised as job #DE-21-DAL-MSHA-184 for non-status applicants; to be considered for each, apply to BOTH jobs."	3701	Washington
Senior Security Engineer	GEICO	Chevy Chase, MD 20815	None	"The Cybersecurity Strategy and Architecture team is seeking a highly motivated IT professional to fill the role of a Senior Security Engineer. The candidate will collaborate with other engineers and analysts within IT and DSI to protect GEICO's information assets. They will focus on making recommendations for new and existing solutions by evaluating input from Risk Management and Cybersecurity operations teams and collaborating with implementation teams to appropriately prioritize enhancements. Candidate must have the ability to plan, analyze, prioritize, manage risks, execute, and provide status to management. Candidate must be able to look beyond the immediate assignments and actively participate in managing a strategic roadmap for the Cybersecurity organization. The role demands excellent project management, interpersonal skills, and communication skills (both written and verbal). The candidate must be willing and able to lead and influence peers and effectively present to management on various security topics. They will be part of a team that will ultimately drive the information security strategy. A strong technical background will enable comprehensive strategic conversations with technical audiences, while building confidence with business stakeholders and leadership when defining the strategic vision.

Qualifications and Duties
Define and drive cybersecurity vision and roadmap
Provide information security architecture guidance for enterprise level initiatives
Define and maintain security capability catalog to support the information security strategy agenda.
Work closely with security management and implementation teams to ensure strategy and vision is balanced with operational readiness.
Ensure that future security investments are aligned appropriately with business requirements, industry threat landscape, and risk appetite
Provide security guidance to ensure that solutions deployed are aligned with our security strategy.
5+ years of experience in designing, building, implementing, or continuously improving complex systems that require collaboration with multiple teams.
2+ years of experience in public cloud infrastructure with preference to Microsoft Azure

Excellent communication and collaboration skills, ability to explain complex concepts in plain language.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strong documentation and project management skills.
Ability to evaluate and articulate risk/cost benefit analysis for simple or complex changes.
Understanding of network concepts, the OSI model, and how to interpret the flow of information between information systems at the network level
Ability to identify creative ways to solve problems and to independently and consistently handle production or business problems to successful resolution
Understanding of network defense, security monitoring and response services, including attack detection, vulnerability management, incident management and threat intelligence.
Knowledge of Security Frameworks; ATT&CK, NIST, ISO 27001
Knowledge of Agile and other project management methodologies.
Understanding of cloud service and deployment models.
Security+ (must obtain within 6 months if not possessed)
Must be able to, with or without accommodation, perform the essential functions which include, but are not limited to seeing, hearing, typing and speaking.
Must be able to use a PC.
Must be able to follow complex instructions, resolve conflicts or facilitate conflict resolution, and have strong organization/priority setting skills.
Must be able to multi-task.
Must be able to learn and apply large amounts of technical and procedural information, and to follow published standards and processes.
Must be knowledgeable of infrastructure tools and management techniques and able to follow standards and processes that have been published.
Must be able to provide systems training to team members as needed.
Must be able to communicate in a clear, concise, professional oral or written manner, to be understood by customers, clients, co-workers and other employees of the organization.
Must be able to perform under pressure and stressful situations.
May be required to be on call for production support 24x7.
Must be able to concentrate and demonstrate a capacity to learn new technical concepts and to adapt to new technologies quickly.
Desirable Certifications
CEH, CISSP, CISM, CCNA/CCNP Security
Other Security or networking certifications
Note: The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Chevy Chase, MD office.
Benefits:
As a Senior Security Engineer, you’ll enjoy our Total Rewards Program* to help secure your financial future and preserve your health and well-being, including:Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period**Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave401(k) Plan with Profit SharingTuition ReimbursementPaid Training and LicensuresBenefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service.
**Coverage begins with the pay period after hire date. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire for coverage to take effect.
The equal employment opportunity policy of the GEICO Companies provides for a fair and equal employment opportunity for all associates and job applicants regardless of race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, familial status, disability or genetic information, in compliance with applicable federal, state and local law. GEICO hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.
GEICO reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to receive equal employment opportunity and/or perform the essential functions of the job, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship to the Company. This applies to all applicants and associates. GEICO also provides a work environment in which each associate is able to be productive and work to the best of their ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. We expect and require the cooperation of all associates in maintaining an atmosphere free from discrimination and harassment with mutual respect by and for all associates and applicants."	3701	Washington
IBM IAM Analyst	Deloitte	Alexandria, VA 22314 (King St. Metro-Eisenhower Ave. area)	None	"Are you looking to elevate your cyber career? Your technical skills? Your opportunity for growth? Deloitte's Government and Public Services Cyber Practice (GPS Cyber Practice) is the place for you! Our GPS Cyber Practice helps organizations create a cyber minded culture and become stronger, faster, and more innovative. You will become part of a team that advises, implements, and manages solutions across five verticals: Strategy, Defense and Response; Identity; Infrastructure; Data; and Application Security. Our dynamic team offers opportunities to work with cutting-edge cyber security tools, and grow both vertically and horizontally at an accelerated rate. Join our cyber team and elevate your career.
Work you'll do

Utilize IBM Identity and Access Management (ISIM/ISAM) programs to enable government clients to protect against digital identity risks.
Provide appropriate access to applications, systems, and data with advanced authentication.
Oversee the spread of information with privileged access management.
Verify identity utilizing a wide range of IAM solutions including HSPD-12, PIV, and advanced authentication methods.
The team:
Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of more than 15,000 professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
At Deloitte, we believe cyber is about starting things-not stopping them-and enabling the freedom to create a more secure future. Cyber Identity leverages methodologies and a digital identity platform to help clients control which employees, partners, suppliers, customers, and citizens have access to sensitive organizational applications and data. Cyber Identity also focuses on the integrations of cutting-edge technologies and cloud providers. Our team is dedicated to enhancing IAM programs so our clients can mitigate risk, reduce intrusion, and secure information. If you're seeking a career in IAM, cloud systems, or identity governance then Cyber Identity is for you.
Qualifications
Required:
Bachelor's degree required
Limited immigration sponsorship may be available.
Experience working with IAM
Experience working with identity governance
Experience working with IBM Identity Access Management or Oracle/Okta
Experience utilizing advanced authentication
Preferred:
Prior professional services or federal consulting experience
Previous identity analytics experience
Experience in consumer identity and directory services
Certifications (e.g., CompTIA Security+, CEH, CISSP)
How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career."	3701	Washington
Cyber Security Officer	Central Intelligence Agency	Washington, DC 20505 (Foggy Bottom area)	$85,511 - $151,118 a year	"Cyber Security Officers identify current threats, mitigate vulnerabilities, and anticipate future cybersecurity challenges, protecting CIA data and systems and managing IT risk.

Full time
Starting salary: $85,511 - $151,118
Bachelor’s degree
Opportunities for domestic travel are possile

About the Job

As a Cyber Security Officer (CSO), you will protect Agency data and systems using sophisticated tools, instrumentation, and knowledge of CIA Information Technology (IT) and tradecraft to monitor, evaluate, and manage IT risk. You will identify current threats, mitigate vulnerabilities, and anticipate future cybersecurity challenges. Utilizing new technologies, you will increase the security of our existing and emerging IT systems.

Your career as a Cyber Security Officer will progress through tours of duty where you will apply and develop a broad range of technical, leadership, resource management, and communication skills. Senior positions for Subject Matter Experts with advanced levels of knowledge in specific cyber specialties exist. As an advanced level CSO, you will lead business areas/activities and be responsible for managing a diverse range of cyber security projects. You will ensure the development, deployment, operations, implementation and support of component information systems that are consistent with cyber security policies and procedures. You will also have leadership opportunities to supervise and manage employees, develop and manage a budget according to established strategic priorities, and represent your program area to senior officials at the Agency and the Intelligence Community.

As a CSO you will do the following work to support customers within the Agency:

Analyze existing and future systems across the Agency, review security architectures, and develop engineering solutions that integrate information security requirements to proactively protect information
Perform audit and security compliance checks, including network penetration testing, vulnerability scans, and other configuration analysis
Conduct Computer Incident Response Team (CIRT) activities, including forensic analysis and review and assessment of security events and logs via sophisticated cyber security /event management tools
Implement and support network defense, identification/authentication/access control, data protection mechanisms, and data transfer mechanisms
Develop threat models and security risk assessments and recommend mitigations and countermeasures to address risks, vulnerabilities, and threats
Review and validate security documentation, including the system security requirements definition and System Security Plans
Implement security designs in hardware, software, data, and procedures
Provide guidance to Agency customers on CIA’s and Intelligence Community’s information security policies and regulations

Most positions are located in the Washington, DC metropolitan area, but opportunities to serve overseas exist as your career and abilities develop.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in one of the following fields:
Computer Engineering
Computer Science
Cybersecurity
Information Security/ Assurance
Other related engineering fields
Or, relevant verifiable work experience
At least a 3.0 GPA on a 4-point scale is preferred, but exceptions may be made for extenuating circumstances
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong commitment to continuous learning
Ability to work both independently and in a team environment
Ability to meet the minimum requirements for joining CIA, including U.S. citizenship and a background investigation
Desired Qualifications
Track record of record of progressively responsible cyber experience in one or more of the following information security areas:
Networks , operating system, application-layer, and cloud security expertise
Hunt operations for malicious actors
System evaluations
System security penetration testing
Big-data cyber analytics
Security operations/network monitoring
Security information management/security event management
Network mapping
Vulnerability scanners, firewalls, routers and other security tools
Working knowledge of public key infrastructure and encryption systems
Experience working on a cyber security incident response team
Professional certifications
What You’ll Need to Apply
Resume
Unofficial transcripts for all degrees
Copies of any professional certifications
A cover letter specifying your qualifications for one or more analytic positions. Please address why you want to work as an analyst and what differentiates you from other applicants."	3701	Washington
Cyber Threat Analyst/ Computer Security Systems Specialist, Level 3	FEDDATA	Arlington, VA	None	"Position Summary:
Research and analyze classified reporting to identify current and emerging threat trends and work with intelligence community partners to produce and offer classified threat intelligence products and briefings to internal and external partners and stakeholders.
Essential Job Functions:
Provide 24/7 research and reporting support to customer Senior Leadership, Duty Officers, partners and stakeholders.
Develop informational and analytic products daily designed to increase situational awareness and advanced warning of current and emerging cybersecurity threats and risks.
Report on underlying patterns of behavior by conducting detailed analysis of incidents, threats and risks and associated impacts and consequences, vulnerabilities, tactics, techniques and procedures (TTP), and other malicious and non-malicious indicators.
Provide daily threat briefings to the Watch Floor during the customer Director’s Morning Brief.
Develop operational-level trends analysis products that leverage customer internal data repositories, classified and unclassified open source reporting to provide situational awareness of emerging cyber threat and risk trends to customer partners, stakeholders, and customers.
Provide operational analysis coordination, research, and reporting support to the customer during internal cyber incident management exercises as well as national-level cyber exercises.
Track and manage internal and external requests for information (RFIs) and requests for analysis (RFAs) for the entire Branch and produce weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual performance metrics reports.

Required Skills: (There are multiple positions for the Cyber Threat Analyst position (Level1, Level 2, Level 3))
Due to the nature of this position and the information that employees will be required to access, U.S. Citizenship is required.
Required Security Clearance: Active Top Secret Security Clearance with ability to obtain a DHS SCI, as well as obtain and maintain a favorably adjudicated DHS background investigation (EOD) for continued employment.

Cyber Threat Analyst, Level 2
Bachelor's Degree with a minimum of 2 years of experience is required. An additional 4 years of experience may be substituted for a degree.

Cyber Threat Analyst, Level 3
Bachelor's Degree and minimum of 4+ years of experience is required. An additional 4 years of experience may be substituted for a degree.

Desired/Preferred Skills:
TS/SCI is desired.

Work Conditions:
Work is typically based in a busy office environment and subject to frequent interruptions. Business work hours are normally set from Monday through Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm, however some extended or weekend hours may be required. Additional details on the precise hours will be informed to the candidate from the Program Manager/Hiring Manager. May be required to travel up to 25% of time.
Physical Requirements:
May be required to lift and carry items weighing up to 25 lbs. Requires intermittent standing, walking, sitting, squatting, stretching and bending throughout the workday.
Background Screening/Check/Investigation:
Successful Completion of a Background Screening/Check/Investigation will be required as a condition of hire.
Employment Type: Full-time
Benefits:
Federal Data Systems, LLC offers competitive compensation, a flexible benefits package, career development opportunities that reflect its commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. Benefits include, not all inclusive – Medical, Vision & Dental Insurance, Paid Time-Off & Company Paid Holidays, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities.
Other:
This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.
Federal Data Systems, LLC (FEDDATA) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. That does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law."	3701	Washington
Communications Analyst	Ho-Chunk	Washington, DC 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"Communications Analyst
Washington, DC 22202, USA Req #3815
 Monday, June 21, 2021


Signatures
This job description has been approved by the following:
All Native Group is looking to fill the position of Communications Analyst - Senior Level
Console Operator Lead. The Console Operator Lead manages a team of Console Operators that provides information to incoming callers. Call Center operates 365 days from 6am-12am on-site support. Manage employee schedule and ensure proper coverage per the business need. Handle all customer requests and employee escalations. Keep Upper Management updated on status of team and operation. Submit weekly activity report for all work performed by team. Ensure proper execution and closure of all Operations tasks. Meet regularly with government and peer operations leadership teams to ensure cohesiveness. Complete and deliver all written and face to face employee performance reviews including counseling and disciplinary action
Essential Functions Manage teamwork schedules and work assignments Ensure team follows our and process all incoming and outgoing calls for our government client in a courteous and pleasant manner. Train the team to ensure they understand the organization and functions of our government agency. Submit updates for directory database, which may include department names and telephone numbers of department bureau. Research either manual or automated databases to obtain required information. Aid in determining information or office as needed. Relay messages to the appropriate departments during emergencies Background Profile. Problem-solving experience in handling emergency situations and frustrated callers.
Competencies Must be willing and able to learn and retain information. Must be able to work independently and in team environments. Good oral and written communication skills Ability to resolve complex issues. Proficiency with MS Office, especially Microsoft Excel. Strong organizational skills. Excellent oral and written communications skills. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, coupled with attention to detail. Ability to multitask in a high paced environment.
Supervisory Responsibility
Required for this position.
Work Environment
 This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.
Physical Demands
The preponderance of the work is performed in an office-type setting, with adequate lighting, heating/cooling, ventilation, and protection from the elements.
The contractor must be physically able, with reasonable and realistic accommodation where appropriate, and agreeable to conduct on-site investigation of facilities, project sites and building systems in a variety of climates, site locations, and working conditions.
Position Type/Expected Hours of Work
This is a full-time position. Call Center operates 365 days from 6am-12am on-site support. Evening and weekend hours required for the business need.
Travel
No travel necessary
Experience Minimum 2 years’ experience Basic to Intermediate skill set in Outlook, Word, and Excel
Education High School diploma or equivalent
Additional Eligibility Qualifications Communicate effectively with technical and management personnel. Work well under general supervision and promotes a team environment with a positive attitude. Problem-solving experience in handling emergency situations and frustrated callers
Security Clearance
Must be a U.S. citizen. Must possess or be able to obtain/maintain a SECRET security clearance.
AAP/EEO Statement
All Native Group is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants are considered without regard to age, sex, race, national origin, religion, marital status, or physical disability. However, preference may be extended to persons of Indian descent in accordance with applicable laws.
Other Duties
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
Other details
Job Family IT / Cyber Security / Network Systems Pay Type Salary"	3701	Washington
Corporate Development Analyst, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	McLean, VA 22102	None	"Key Role:
Serve as a part of the internal corporate development team and assist with valuation and deal modeling for mergers, acquisitions, and other investments. Assist with evaluating the broader corporate financial strategy of Booz Allen. Leverage knowledge of financial metrics and how they flow into and impact the major financial statements. Perform strategic financial alternatives analyses through merger consequences, including accretion and dilution, leveraged buyout, discounted cash-flow, sum-of-parts, and public trading and acquisition comparable analysis. Focus on and execute the mergers and acquisition process and interact with senior leaders. Perform an integral and visible role within the corporate development team, work closely with a small group of peers and senior leaders routinely, and have periodic interactions with the firm’s top leadership.
Basic Qualifications:
2+ years of experience as part of a corporate development team or in investment bankingExperience with structuring complex problems and delivering insights and recommendationsAbility to show expertise in financial modeling with Microsoft ExcelAbility to synthesize large amounts of information, identify issues, and recommend solutions proactivelyAbility to prioritize work streams appropriately and move among differing tasks quicklyAbility to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degree
Additional Qualifications:Possession of excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	3701	Washington
Information Security Analyst	ActioNet	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Federal Center area)	None	"ActioNet is recruiting for Information Security Analysts of varying seniority levels at Wright Patterson AFB, OH and Tinker AFB, OK. These positions require a Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility. ActioNet is an IT service provider and solutions integrator headquartered in Vienna, VA that works with the Federal Government and Department of Defense.
What is in it for you?
Being able to work in a dynamic, mission critical environment
Duties and Responsibilities
Possesses and applies expertise on multiple complex work assignments. Assignments may be broad in nature, requiring originality and innovation in determining how to accomplish tasks. Operates with appreciable latitude in developing methodology and presenting solutions to problems. Contributes to deliverables and performance metrics where applicable.
More senior analysts plans and lead major technology assignments. Evaluate performance results and recommends major changes affecting short-term project growth and success. Functions as a technical expert across multiple project assignments. Establishes goals and plans that meet project objectives. Has domain and expert technical knowledge. Directs and controls activities for a client, having overall responsibility for financial management, methods, and staffing to ensure that technical requirements are met. Interactions involve client negotiations and interfacing with senior management. Decision-making and domain knowledge may have a critical impact on overall project implementation. May supervise others.
Plan, implement, upgrade, or monitor security measures for the protection of computer networks and information. May ensure appropriate security controls are in place that will safeguard digital files and vital electronic infrastructure. May respond to computer security breaches and viruses.
Develop POAM and overall help to harden security in a TS/SCI and SAP environment
Basic Qualifications:
Must have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility
Education requirements vary by seniority level
Experience working in a TS/SCI environment and are aware of the nuances involved in those environments and technologies.
Domain knowledge of information security requirements in a TS/SCI environment
Are you ready to make a difference?
ActioNet is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."	3701	Washington
Business Intelligence Analyst	US Federal Aviation Administration	Washington, DC	$56,205 - $87,122 a year	"Duties
Summary
Due to the Pandemic, and individual states with different phases of reopening, your report date to your official duty station/facility will be delayed until such time as employees are allowed to report to the workplace. You may telework up to the maximum extent possible, up to and including full time, until it is safe to relocate.

Responsibilities
This position is located in Management Services, Financial Services Directorate (AJG-R). This Directorate provides a wide array of critical business contract support services for the Air Traffic Organization.
As a Management Analyst, he/she applies experience and advanced knowledge of analytical and quantitative methods and techniques to track and analyze data/information from databases throughout the Air Traffic Organization (ATO). He/she applies advanced knowledge of business intelligence, and predictive and prescriptive analytics to accomplish assignments. He/she will perform historical and predictive analysis to collect data, to assist manager or more experienced analyst in measuring organizational metrics. Uses business intelligence for analyzing data and assisting higher-level analyst in delivering actionable information that helps managers and others make informed business decisions, which impact Service Units at Headquarters and in the Field. He/she performs multiple and varying assignments under the limited direction of a manager, project/program manager, team leader, or more experienced professional. This work affects the daily operations of assigned Service Units.
As an individual contributor, he/she analyzes data and performs trend analysis to recommend improve technology-driven processes to use in tracking and analyzing data for the development of improved services for the organization. Assist more experienced analyst in identifying technology-driven products that provide predictive and prescriptive analytics to support informed management decisions. He/she recommends improvements to business systems and/or processes to improve operational efficiency. Assignments may require the ability to work across functional and/or organizational lines to identify, analyze, and recommend solutions for complex/difficult problems.
He/she applies experience using automated software program such as, Microsoft Office Suite (Excel/Access), to create advanced formulas, tables, statistical charts and graphs, and pivot tables to generate data-driven analytical reports for senior leadership and users with insights into historical performance; such data is use for inclusion in briefings and reports that support business, operations and programmatic decisions. He/she tracks and extracts data and performs trend analysis to recommend improvements to processes.
Contacts typically are internal and external to AJG, with regular contacts among ATO Service Units, customers, and other external parties to share information about the FAA and to explain the applications of policies and procedures.
Although established policies/procedures provide guidance for most assignments, he/she uses considerable discretion to select the most appropriate approach(es) or to recommend new approaches. Assignments often require reviews of policies and precedents under the limited guidance of a manager or other employee. He/she resolves most problems and work issues without the assistance of a manager, and refers problems that require their attention. The Team Manager periodically reviews work, typically at major milestones and at completion, for policy compliance and alignment with the requirements of projects and/or other work activities.
Travel Required
Not required - The job does not require any travel.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
NA
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Business Management
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Business Intelligence Analysts
Business Management Analysts
Management Analysts
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
US Citizenship is required.
Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
Management may choose to interview all, some, or none of the referred candidates.
This is a Level 1 (Low Risk) position requires favorable adjudication of a National Agency Check and Inquiries (NACI) background investigation prior to appointment.
Qualifications
Candidates must have one year (52 weeks) of SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE equivalent to at least the next lower grade level (FV-G or FG/GS-11) that is typically related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. To be creditable, specialized experience must have been at least equivalent to the next lower level in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization.
SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE is defined as:Experience using automated software program such as Microsoft Office Suite (specifically Excel or Access) to assists in creating formulas, tables, advanced charting, and pivot tables,
AND;Experience analyzing and collecting data to use to assists analyst in generating reports.
You should include relevant examples of the specialized experience in your work history. Errors or omissions may impact your rating or may result in you not being considered.
Answer all questions to the best of your ability. DO NOT ASSUME THAT BECAUSE YOU HOLD OR HAVE HELD THIS POSITION, YOU WILL AUTOMATICALLY BE FOUND ELIGIBLE. You may be asked to provide evidence or documentation that you have this type of experience later in the selection process. Your responses are subject to verification through job interviews, or any other information obtained during the application process. Any exaggeration of your experience or any attempt to conceal information can result in disqualification.
Eligible applicants meeting the minimum qualification requirements and/or selective placement factor(s) (SPF) may be further evaluated on the Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA) and/or Quality Ranking Factor (QRF) listed in the announcement. Based on this evaluation, applicants will be placed in one of the following categories: (1) score order; (2) category grouping; or (3) alphabetical, and referred to the selecting official for selection consideration.
*Applicants who fail to demonstrate possession of any of the above criteria AND who do not provide the required documentation will receive no further consideration for this position.*
**All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of this vacancy announcement.**
AFSCME Interview Criteria: Article 42, Section 13 states: If the selecting official decides to interview any employee on the selection list for a vacancy, then all who remain under consideration for the position at that point in the process must be interviewed. If the selection list is shortened to a best qualified list through a comparative process, then the best qualified list shall be considered to be the selection list. If it is determined that interviews are required and telephone interviews are not utilized, travel expenses incidental to these interviews will be paid in accordance with the Agency's travel regulations and this Agreement.
Education
Education cannot be substituted for experience.
Preview Job Questionnaire
Make sure your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications and answers to the job questionnaire.
Additional information
We may use this vacancy to fill other similar vacant positions.
Position may be subject to a background investigation.
A one-year probationary period may be required.

The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies. www.faa.gov/jobs/working_here/financial_disclosure_requirements

The U.S. Department of Transportation strives to ensure that equity, transparency, accountability, collaboration, and communication permeate all that we do for the betterment of the Department, the traveling public, and our nation. As such, DOT values a highly diverse workforce of persons who promote a culture of belonging by respecting the personal dignity and worth of each individual and fostering a positive environment where all feel safe and welcome. If these commitments coincide with your personal ideals and professional aspirations, please consider joining the DOT family.
1. As a part of the Federal-Wide Hiring Reform Initiative (streamlining the hiring process), the FAA is committed to eliminating the use of Knowledge, Skills and Ability (KSA) narratives from the initial application in the hiring process for all announcements. Therefore, as an applicant, you are NOT required to provide a narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA.
In lieu of providing a KSA narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA section, in your work history, please include information that provides specific examples of how you meet the response level or answer you chose for each KSA. Your work history examples should be specific and clearly reflect the highest level of ability. Your KSA answers will be evaluated further to validate whether the level that you selected is appropriate based on the work history and experience you provided. Your answers may be adjusted by a Human Resource Specialist as appropriate.
This position is covered by the FAA Core Compensation plan. Additional information about core compensation is available on the following website: http://jobs.faa.gov/FAACoreCompensation.htm.
This is a bargaining unit position.

Links to Important Information: Locality Pay , COLA

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.


IMPORTANT: Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the on-line process must be substantiated. Ensure that your application package/resume supports your responses.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
Only supplemental documentation (e.g. transcript, certifications, SF-50, and/or veterans' documentation) will be accepted in combination with your on-line application. These documents must be uploaded on or before the closing date of the announcement. All submitted documents must reference the announcement number.

For guidance on how to create a Federal resume, visit http://www.archives.gov/careers/jobs/forms/resume-guide.pdf.

Failure to submit all required documents by the closing date will result in a finding of ineligible. We are not responsible for incomplete, illegible or missing documents.

Please DO NOT email your application documents. We cannot accept documents received via the email system. Documents sent via email will NOT receive consideration.

All Veterans: If you are claiming veterans' preference, you must submit either a DD Form 214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member 4 Copy or equivalent), or a document from the armed forces certifying that within 120 days you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service under honorable conditions. If you are claiming 10 point preference, you must also submit a completed SF-15, Application for 10-Point Veteran's Preference, and supporting documents outlined on the SF-15. Documents must be uploaded or faxed to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this announcement and all documents must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a non-veteran.

If you are claiming 10 point preference but fail to submit the supporting documents outlined on the SF-15, you will be tentatively assessed as a 5 point preference eligible provided your DD Form 214 reflects that you have the service required to qualify for preference. Documents must be uploaded or faxed to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this announcement and all documents must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a non-veteran.

Veterans currently on active duty claiming veterans' preference: You will be granted tentative preference if you submit a document from the armed forces certifying that within 120 days you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service under honorable conditions and your application shows that you have the required service. Prior to being appointed, you must provide to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office a DD Form 214 documenting discharge/release and showing that the service was honorable or general. If you are on terminal leave, you must provide documentation certifying authorized terminal leave.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Individuals with disabilities
Veterans
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Clarification from the agency
Also open to those eligible for 30% or More Disabled."	3701	Washington
Intelligence Analyst	Concept Solutions, LLC	Washington, DC 20591 (Southwest Federal Center area)	$120,000 - $130,000 a year	TitleSenior Intel Cyber Analyst / Contract Support AnalystJob #Labor CategorySenior II, Scientist/Engineer/Systems AnalystCityWashingtonState/ProvinceDistrict of ColumbiaPosition StatusFull TimeJob DescriptionThe contractor will serve as a Senior intelligence officer responsible for monitoring and evaluating all-source cyber intelligence and information; identifying current or potential state or non-state cyber operations that may impact the safety and security of National Airspace System (NAS) and U.S. civil aviation operating in the U.S. or overseas; rapidly provide time-critical indications and warnings to FAA and DOT leadership, operators, and field elements on cyber threats from Advanced Persistent Threats (APT).The contractor will support the Cyber Threat Intelligence team with a focus on cyber intelligence for AXE-200 analysis and production requirements on cyber threats and vulnerabilities associated with the FAA infrastructure and the aviation ecosystem at large. The contractor will be responsible for initiating, coordinating, and producing written intelligence reports constructed from technical analysis and collected all-source threat information; support policy and position papers; contribute to verbal presentations for FAA and aviation sector stakeholders; track potential threat streams associated with attempted intrusions, network, and host-based attacks; and coordinate on incident response efforts with various internal and external stakeholder cybersecurity teams.The contractor will work closely with the FAA Security Operations Center (SOC) and the National Airspace Cyber Operations Center (NCO) to share tactical reporting, Indicators of Compromise (IOCs), contribute to planning and preparedness, support incident response, and respond to Requests for Information (RFIs). The contractor must develop and maintain relationships with a wide range of internal and external stakeholders to enhance intelligence collaborative efforts.Contractor must have experience in vulnerability assessments and risk analysis. The contractor must have a TS/SCI clearance and be an intelligence professional with expertise in the cyber domain, specifically with network security and defense to inform mitigation and resiliency activities. The contactor needs to be experienced in and comfortable with supporting a wide range of customers from the tactical to executive-level decision makers. The contractor should have knowledge of the key interagency and civil aviation industry partners in the aviation ecosystem and the associated cyber threat concerns and vulnerability risks.Responsibilities: Providing cyber threat intelligence support to the FAA Security Operations Center (SOC) and National Airspace Cyber Operations Center (NCO): responding to Requests for Information (RFIs) in a timely manner, providing IOCs identified in classified reporting by submitting release requests and sharing with the SOC and NCO, and when appropriate briefing at the SOC weekly threat intelligence meeting.Building and maintaining liaison relationships within FAA lines of business and Department of Transportation (DOT), along with counterparts in other national level agencies, including those in the Intelligence Community (IC), Department of Defense (DOD), Department of Justice (DOJ), Department of Homeland Security (DHS), as well as any other identified Departments/Agencies involved in Aviation safety and securitySupport daily interaction and information sharingRepresent FAA in daily interagency telecons, secure video teleconferencing system, and working groupsWork with limited direct oversightMust be able to work independently, as well as part of a team environmentAs a senior Intelligence Officer, the contractor may be required to serve as the FAA central point of contact for all aviation threats and will facilitate exchange of information with and responses to queries from other agenciesMust be able to effectively and expeditiously respond during aviation incidents, leveraging information from IC, LE, DOD, and Homeland Security agencies to support FAA incident management and crisis response and provide relevant data and analysis relating to activity in the NAS to those agencies in support of interagency situational awareness and unified incident responseRequired Training and ExperienceKnowledge of Cybersecurity threats, vulnerabilities, consequences, tactics and proceduresKnowledge of the Aviation Ecosystem Understanding Cybersecurity capabilitiesUnderstanding of Incident Command, Law Enforcement and Department of Defense roles in air domain awareness and securityMust have TS/SCI clearance (for transfer to FAA)Education or Certification RequirementsBachelor’s degree plus 8 years of related experience desired8 Years of experience can be substituted for lack of degree.Cybersecurity certificationsAmount of Travel 10%Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Cybersecurity threats: 8 years (Preferred)Aviation Ecosystem: 1 year (Preferred)Security Clearance:Top Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	3701	Washington
Senior Program Analyst	Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstr...	Arlington, VA	$87,198 - $159,286 a year	"Senior Program Analyst AD-0343-00 Job Announcement


Arlington, VA


$87,198 - $159,286


Job Summary:


This position may be located in the Arlington, VA, or in the Kabul, Afghanistan, office of the

Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. A position designated for Arlington,

VA, may require short-term travel to Afghanistan. The incumbent is a member of the Audits and

Inspections Directorate (A&I), and reports to the Assistant Inspector General for Audits and

Inspections through the Deputy Assistant Inspector General for Audits & Inspections in Crystal

City or Kabul, and a Senior Audit Manager (SAM) or Senior Program Manager (SPM).


The incumbent demonstrates a thorough knowledge of developing and applying program

management techniques and methodologies, and is skilled at planning and executing complex

audits and/or inspections. The incumbent may lead a team of auditors and/or program analysts

or be part of a team analyzing programs, projects, and/or contracts implemented as part of the

U.S. reconstruction effort in Afghanistan to assess their expected and actual effectiveness and

costs, agency oversight, and other matters. The incumbent manages or assists in the

management of all phases of the audit cycle from planning through fieldwork to reporting on the

results pursuant to statutory guidance and government auditing standards.


Duties:


Oversee and lead a team of auditors and program analysts, or be part of a team, planning,

conducting, and reporting on comprehensive performance audits and/or inspections of

reconstruction programs and projects implemented using U.S. reconstruction funds to improve

the effectiveness, efficiency, and oversight of these efforts; detect and prevent waste, fraud and

abuse; ensure compliance with laws and regulations; and review adherence to internal control

and other applicable standards. These audits and inspections primarily cover efforts

implemented by the Department of Defense (DOD), the Department of State (State), and the

U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), but could involve any U.S. government

department or agency funding and/or implementing reconstruction efforts in Afghanistan.


Oversee or participate in a team to obtain sufficient, relevant, and reliable evidence through site

visits, observation, inquiries, document reviews, qualitative and quantitative analysis, and

interviews to provide reasonable basis for an opinion regarding the activity or organization under

examination. Ensure that audits and inspections comply with applicable standings, including

generally accepted government auditing standards, Council of the Inspectors General on

Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE) quality standards for inspections and evaluations, and SIGAR’s

audit policies and procedures.


Participate in defined milestone meetings and regular discussions with the assigned SAM/SPM

and A&I leadership to review the audit/inspection objectives, scope, and methodology; status of

fieldwork and any obstacles impacting the work; preliminary observations; and proposed

findings and recommendations. When the team confronts challenges, assess the impact on the

work and proposes actions to resolve or lessen any negative impacts.

Conduct background research, prepares requests for information, and conducts analyses of

documents and data from a variety of sources to obtain evidenced that supports audit findings

and conclusions.


Lead and participate in meetings with agency officials and congressional staff to discuss the

audit/inspection objectives, scope, and preliminary timelines; obtain information needed to

meeting the objectives; and present and explain the audit/inspection results and

recommendations.


Lead or participate in the development and presentation of written reports and oral briefings for

senior SIGAR leaders and external officials regarding significant findings that cover the

conditions discovered, applicable criteria, their cause and effect, and recommendations

resulting from audit or inspection work. Prepares response to agency comments and, when

necessary, defending or developing suitable alternatives based on those comments.


Lead or participate in the development of recommendations to DOD, State, USAID, and other

U.S. government department or agency senior leaders regarding actions they should take to

remedy issues identified in audits and inspections to promote compliance, efficiency,

effectiveness, and accountability in the administration of reconstruction programs, projects, and

operations in Afghanistan.


Assess the progress of corrective measures taken by DOD, State, USAID, and other U.S.

government departments or agencies to implement the recommendations.


Coordinate with other SIGAR offices and directorates, such as Investigations, General Counsel,

and Quality Control, as needed to complete audit and inspection work.


Knowledge Requirements:


A degree in business administration, finance, or public administration that included or was

supplemented by 24 semester hours in accounting is desirable. Transcripts must be provided.


Thorough knowledge of program management techniques in an audit agency is necessary to

conduct very broad audit assignments requiring an integrated analysis of a number of different

operational programs, functions or accounting systems. Many of the audits and inspections are

of national interest to the relevant agencies, Congress, the public, and the media, and, in some

cases, have international involvement or impact.


Knowledge of the theory, concepts, practices, and techniques of auditing, to include generally

accepted government auditing standards and the identification of conditions, causes, criteria,

effect, and recommendations.


Extensive knowledge of and ability to detect and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse in one or

more of the following areas: federal contracting practices; program management, evaluation,

and oversight; national security, foreign affairs, and development programs implemented or

funded by the State, DOD, and USAID; strategic planning; and U.S. government funding

mechanisms and requirements.

Demonstrated interpersonal skills including the ability to interview, negotiate, and brief senior

officials; superior ability to lead multi-agency audit teams in the development of audit plans,

conduct highly complex audit projects, and write reports to substantiate findings.


Demonstrated analytical and critical thinking skills, including the ability to think strategically and

identify needs, requirements, and develop expert recommendations based on qualitative and

quantitative data, and arrive at a clear, logical, concise conclusion.


Demonstrated ability to exercise sound judgment and form objective

conclusions/recommendations, monitor compliance, and evaluate the effectiveness of

recommendations based on empirical facts, evidence, and other pertinent information.


Skill in applying analytical and evaluative methods and techniques to complex projects from the

preplanning phase through completion and final delivery of the product.


Knowledge of the overall mission of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan

Reconstruction.


Extensive experience managing multiple tasks and achieving stated goals and requirements.

Expertise in interpersonal techniques to meet and deal effectively with others at all levels of

authority and exert a positive influence.


Extensive experience to communicating technical information orally and in writing in preparation

of required reports or other written products.


At least one year of experience in the following areas: planning and performing financial,

program, and/or compliance audits and/or inspections of U.S. government departments and

agencies, and assisting/leading others; developing and executing audit plans; defining audit

objectives, scope, and requirements; reviewing and analyzing data, identifying deficiencies,

writing reports, and making recommendations and/or recommending best practices to improve

program operations; working effectively with individuals and/or other agencies; and providing

guidance to less experienced auditors.


Other Requirements:


Incumbent occupies a position that may be considered essential to support the SIGAR mission.

If your position is considered emergency essential, failure to remain in your position may result

in separation for the efficiency of the Federal Service (Ch. 75, Title 5 USC; FPM Ch. 752).


Domestic and overseas travel may be required. For overseas travel, the incumbent will be

required to meet minimum standards of fitness for deployment to the CENTCOM region to

include the ability to wear personal protective equipment, including protective mask, ballistic

helmet, body armor, and chemical/biological protective garments.


This position requires the incumbent to complete a Form SF 312, Classified Information

Nondisclosure Agreement.


The incumbent may be required to submit an Executive Branch Confidential Financial

Disclosure Report.
This incumbent must be eligible for and be able to maintain a TOP SECRET clearance.
Reemployment of Annuitants:
Reemployed Annuitants may be eligible for appropriate pay rate for the position without a

reduction in their Federal Government annuity. As a result, the salary of the annuitant is not

offset by the amount of the annuity received for the period of employment.
Applicants should send a resume by email to sigar.pentagon.m-s.mbx.jobs@mail.mil

with Senior Program Analyst in the subject line."	3701	Washington
Security Analyst - (Identity Mgr/IAM Engineer)	Kaizen Dynamics	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	$90 - $95 an hour	The Identity Manager/IAM engineer is responsible for managing access to the DCAS system and provisioning accounts through Oracle IAM.The Senior Identity and Access Management Systems Engineer will manage the IAM program and work with keep stakeholders to define, design, and build robust and highly available IAM Services.This position is housed under the Department of Health Care Finance (DHCF) in direct support of the DC Access System (DCAS).The Department of Health Care Finance is looking for a candidate who must be customer service oriented, have strong team and interpersonal skills, and ability to multi-task when required.The incumbent will have excellent oral, written, and presentation skills as a mandatory requirement.The candidate will be the technical lead in the actualization of a robust IAM access program.The candidate will work to position the organization for success, improving efficiency, accuracy, and compliance while increasing business responsiveness, improving security posture, and supporting aggressive growthCore Duties:-Design IAM processes and strategies to securely manage the identity lifecycle-Design, implement, configure, and deploy IAM solutions-Evaluate IAM solutions against business requirements and best practices-Provide IAM subject matter expertise for business and technical project team-Evaluate vendor solutions to ensure they meet technology and security standards-Coach and serve as a technical escalation resource to team members on all IAM related technical issues-Create and maintain design, technical architecture, and release management documentation-Implement best practices for identity governance and administration, provisioning, de-provisioning, privileged access management, access reviews etc.-Research and follow industry trends in the IAM space and provide recommendations that influence strategic plans---------------------------------------------CONTRACT JOB DESCRIPTIONResponsibilities:1. Expertise in implementing, administrating and operating information security technologies such as firewalls, IDS/IPS, SIEM, Antivirus, network traffic analyzers and malware analysis tools.2. Utilizes advanced experience with scripting and tool automation such as Perl, PowerShell, Regex.3. Develops, leads, and executes information security incident response plans.4. Develops standard and complex IT solutions & services, driven by business requirements and industry standards.5. May also leverage dynamic and static code assessment tools to measure vulnerability of applications throughout the SDLC.Minimum Education/Certification Requirements:BS Degree in IT, Cybersecurity, or Engineering, or equivalent experienceJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $90.00 - $95.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayExperience:Deploying IAM services and infrastructure: 7 years (Required)OneLogin, SambaAD, WindowsAD, OpenLDAP, Duo MFA: 7 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	3701	Washington
Budget Analyst - Senior (DHS FPS)	Broadleaf, Inc	Washington, DC 20002 (Logan Circle area)	None	"The budget analyst will assist FPS with all aspect of managing the revenue associated with security fees.
Duties:
Analyze all parts of the revenue process including, estimation, billing, collection, aged receivables, obligation, expenditure, close-out on a monthly basis and other related revenue management activities.
Prepare and implement recommendation to improve the oversight of Revenue in the Zone.
Prepare a monthly analysis of the collected amounts versus the billed amounts and coordinate with the HQ FMD and the Burlington Finance Center on collection activities.
Coordinate with HQ FPS on monthly billing file questions and other related issues
Take FPS Customer questions and prepare analysis and answers to their questions.
Work with each Region and HQ Revenue Team to refine revenue reporting
Lead the documentation effort with the FPS Stakeholders and staff to deliver an assessment of the migration to G-Invoicing. Assessment will include documentation of current process and process improvements and efficiencies that can be achieved with the migrations. Assessment will include customer communication strategy coordinated with HQ and workload analysis to migrate to a steady state.
Develop a monthly dashboard that will show the status of East Zone Revenue Activities.
Maintaining comprehensive and accurate budget files of contracts assigned.
Assisting in the preparation of desktop guides; create desktop guides for revenue process.
Developing a Budget Execution Tracking Tool to track obligation balances, funding levels, spending, revenue collections and burn rates.
Assisting with responding to customer billing issues.
Researching and reconciling any outstanding SWA issues.
Analyzing billing accuracy under federal direction.
Reconciling financial system(s) and contract writing system(s) data.
Assisting with preparing the Open Commitment Report for monthly meetings.
Monitoring the Budget Microsoft (MS) Outlook Inbox for contract modifications and requisitions.
Education Requirements:
Bachelors Degree
Basic Qualifications:
Experience:
Ten (10) years experience executing similar budget analysis and reporting support.
Expert in Excel
Must know and have experience with how the government financial systems works
G-Invoicing knowledge desirable
Background in Federal Contracting (Contracting Specialist or Contracting Officer) is desirable
Work Environment and Physical Demands:
Normal Office Environment
Benefits:
Health, Dental, Vision, 401K Matching, AD&D Insurance
EEO Employer F/M/Vet/Disabled"	3701	Washington
Associate Public/Population Statistician Analyst	Mitre Corporation	McLean, VA	None	"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
MITRE is seeking a public / population health analyst with a background in statistics and biology. The ideal candidate will have experience interacting with the public in a health setting and have a demonstrated interest in addressing social and health equity issues. In addition, the candidate will demonstrate strong analytical and communication abilities as well as strong collaboration skills. The candidate will exhibit the ability and interest in developing expertise in public health, quality improvement, performance measures, policy development, care delivery process improvement, health IT, stakeholder engagement, or program implementation to support agencies within The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) through all phases of healthcare modernization and transformation.
The candidate best suited for the position will thrive in a highly dynamic environment, easily performing independent work, as well as working comfortably in team settings. The position will include analysis, planning, interfacing with customers, project management, and interactions with both public and private sector entities in advising Federal health agencies.
This position requires experience interacting with senior level leaders and the ability to develop general subject matter expertise in health care and human services, public health, health information technology, and other health-related government initiatives.
The position provides an exciting opportunity to make a substantive impact in the areas of health care quality, federal policy, and public health.
Responsibilities include:
Work collaboratively with MITRE colleagues, government sponsors, and industry stakeholders to shape project initiatives and deliver project work
Apply specific subject matter knowledge to achieve project objectives and to contribute to impactful outcomes
Support project outcomes by capturing key decisions, action items, and information
Support project outcomes by assisting in project logistics
Assist MITRE and HHS with analysis in support of federal health program implementations
Develop products such as research papers, briefing papers, and recommendations to support program administration
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in biostatistics or equivalent field
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances
Required Qualifications:
Working knowledge, familiarity with MS Office Suite
Minimum suitability for HHS
Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to clearly communicate analyses and findings to various stakeholders
Demonstrated interest in health equity
Ability to work with interdisciplinary teams
Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment and ability to work successfully in ambiguous situations
Ability to create high quality work products with excellent attention to detail
Expert skills in MS Office, also experience using Visio preferred
This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
Suitability - HHS
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only."	3701	Washington
Senior SOC Analyst	Deloitte	Rosslyn, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Are you looking to elevate your cyber career? Your technical skills? Your opportunity for growth? Deloitte's Government and Public Services Cyber Practice (GPS Cyber Practice) is the place for you! Our GPS Cyber Practice helps organizations create a cyber minded culture and become stronger, faster, and more innovative. You will become part of a team that advises, implements, and manages solutions across five verticals: Strategy, Defense and Response; Identity; Infrastructure; Data; and Application Security. Our dynamic team offers opportunities to work with cutting-edge cyber security tools and grow both vertically and horizontally at an accelerated rate. Join our cyber team and elevate your career.
Work you'll do
The Senior SOC Analyst position supports monitoring & detection on client networks and serves as an advanced escalation point identifying and addressing potential information security incidents. The Senior SOC Analyst also serves as a technical trainer and mentor for multiple SOC technologies.
Work with Federal clients to mitigate cyber risk and threats
Review, validate, and categorize security events using a variety of information security technologies.
Investigate user reported potential security risks including phishing emails delivered.
Analyze a variety of network and host-based logs to lead security investigations and incident response activities.
Validate and confirm critical security events and determine impact.
Thoroughly document security investigations throughout incident lifecycle.
Maintain, update, or create team documentation around security operations activities
Proactive hunt on the network to identify security risks, threats, and exposures.
Leverage indicators of compromise to determine impact to our environment.
Make recommendations and/or implement security controls and countermeasures to prevent or mitigate various security risks.
Partner with various stakeholders to seek alternative methods to achieve business outcome, when necessary.

The team
Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of more than 15,000 professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
At Deloitte, we believe cyber is about starting things-not stopping them-and enabling the freedom to create a more secure future. Cyber Strategy, Defense and Response (SDR) focuses on helping federal clients design and implement transformational enterprise security programs with an emphasis on defending against, recovering from, and mitigating major cyberattacks. If you're seeking a career that increases cyber awareness, utilizes risk management programs, and develops strategies for cyber defense and response, then the Cyber SDR offering at Deloitte is for you.
Qualifications
Required:

Bachelor's degree required.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future.
Must be able to obtain and maintain the required clearance for this role.
Experience working with RMF and NIST 800-53
Experience working with cyber security tools
Experience with cyber awareness (e.g., phishing emails, cyber trainings)

Preferred:

Prior professional services or federal consulting experience
Certifications (e.g., CompTIA Security+, CEH, CISSP)

How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career."	3701	Washington
Lead Sustainable Finance Analyst –North America	S&P Global	Washington, DC 20005 (Logan Circle area)	$82,600 - $230,200 a year	"The Role: Lead Sustainable Finance Analyst – North America

The Location: New York, Washington, or San Francisco (other North American locations also considered)

The Role:
This role is similar to that of a Ratings Lead Analyst, with responsibility for a Sustainable Finance POD comprising six members (analysts + support). The role will require balancing various internal and external stakeholders. The lead analyst will report to Mike Ferguson, Americas Analytical Manager for Sustainable Finance

The Team:
We are responsible for developing and growing new sustainability projects, as well as helping to embed ESG in Credit Ratings.

The Impact:
Given increased relevance of ESG in financial markets, this role will help improve S&P’s credibility in addressing this major risk
It also represents a significant area of potential growth for the company, as ESG has become a priority across S&P Global in recent years and will continue to be going forward.

What’s in it for you:
Highly public and market facing role.

Growth opportunity within the Analytical Innovation practice of the Ratings division.

An exciting and engaging team that works with the entirety of the ratings practice.

Some Travel Ability (after Covid)

Responsibilities:
Coordinate with the rating practices with regards to the roll out/delivery of Sustainable Finance products in the Americas (External Reviews & Opinions: ESG Evaluation, Green & Social/Sustainability Evaluations and Framework Alignment Opinions);

Coordinate analytical work within the POD, coach, develop analysts within the POD, supervise quality of evaluations produced within the POD (quality of customer service, customer interactions, quality of recommendation, written report, etc.)

Senior Sustainable Finance expert in external engagements (Market outreach, customer interactions, ESG Evaluation preparedness meetings);

Subject matter expert to support rating practices for ESG in ratings;

Standing member of the Sustainable Finance External Reviews & Opinions Steering Group;

Contribute, as the Sustainable Finance expert for North America, to individual Sustainable Finance External Reviews & Opinions (either as primary evaluator or reviewer);

Research and write thought leadership articles;

Contribute to the development/enhancement of our Sustainable Finance External Review & Opinions analytical approach;

Be a champion of analytical and customer service excellence in the sustainable finance field

Contribute to seamless working environment across the Sustainable Finance group

Success will be measured by:
Quality of External Reviews & Opinions produced by the POD (analytical excellence, quality of written reports, customer service);

Capacity to establish an effective partnership with other rating practices, to allow an orderly delivery of Sustainable Finance strategy;

Capacity to lead the POD;

Contribution to ESG and Green Evaluation Steering group meetings as well as to thought leadership and market engagement;

Compliance with relevant policies and procedures;

What We’re Looking For:Basic Qualifications:
At least seven years of relevant analytical experience, preferably in the field of Sustainable finance and within the North America region, with some bias towards science-based, sustainability and governance qualifications as well as finance/economics

Strong communications skills and ability to represent the company at variety of high profile external conferences related to sustainable finance topics.

A good knowledge of S&P Global Ratings’ methodologies and analytical approaches, especially related to Sustainable Finance, would be a plus.

Significant interest in and knowledge of Environmental, Social, and Governance Risk Factors.

Preferred Qualifications:
Chartered Financial Analyst/MBA or equivalent

Language skills beyond English

Compensation/Benefits Information (US Applicants Only):
S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range for this position is $82,600 to $230,200 . Base salary ranges may vary by geographic location.
In addition to base compensation, this role is eligible for an annual incentive bonus/a sales commission plan.

This role is eligible to receive additional S&P Global benefits. For more information on the benefits we provide to our employees, visit https://www.spgbenefitessentials.com/newhires .

This role is limited to persons with indefinite right to work in the United States.

S&P Global Ratings
S&P Global Ratings is the world’s leading provider of independent credit ratings. Our ratings are essential to driving growth, providing transparency and helping educate market participants so they can make decisions with confidence. We have more than 1 million credit ratings outstanding on government, corporate, financial sector and structured finance entities and securities. We offer an independent view of the market built on a unique combination of broad perspective and local insight. We provide our opinions and research about relative credit risk; market participants gain independent information to help support the growth of transparent, liquid debt markets worldwide. S&P Global Ratings is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit www.spglobal.com/ratings

EEO Statement
North America
S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, gender, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment. If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.

The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.

202 - Middle Professional (EEO Job Group) (inactive), 20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), RATNGS202.2 - Middle Professional Tier II (EEO Job Group)

Job ID: 262020
Posted On: 2021-06-08
Location: San Francisco, California, United States"	3701	Washington
Virtual Health Functional Analyst I	Veterans Enterprise Technology Solutions	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	None	"Overview:

Staffing Pros, a division of VETS Inc., is recruiting for a full-time Virtual Health Functional Analyst I in Washington, DC. Active government security clearance required.
If you have additional questions not answered by the information contained within this posting, please contact our team directly at StaffingPros@vets-inc.com.
Responsibilities:

The Virtual Health (VH) Functional Analyst I typical responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:
Performs analysis, development, and review of program administrative operating procedures
Supports one or more Project Managers and leads
Coordinates with Regional staff and SMEs of varying professions and domains
Coordinates with operational medical staff and leaders
Performs document management, versioning, and routing/coordination of draft documents
Facilitates knowledge management by collecting and distilling lessons learned and best practices
Provides meeting support including meeting coordination, conference reservation, slide preparation/coordination, meeting materials readiness, attendance, minutes support, and action item tracking [drafted for PM approval]
Generates marketing materials
Approved social media management (e.g., milSuite)
Develops guides and support materials for VH
Documents workstreams and business processes
Researches commercial and other federal practices
Conducts literature searches for issues and practices
Prepares status report updates
Facilitates coordination and status meetings
Prioritizes, refers, and supports Project needs in the absence of the Project Manager (to the extent possible/practical)
Supports and coordinates In Progress Reviews, Program Reviews, and similar events
Collates and analyzes non-centrally pulled metrics and outcomes
Prepares report specifications for new content including preparation of “how to’s” and guides
Maintains key point of contact and stakeholder information
Facilitates complex issues to reach consensus within regulations
Supports troubleshooting of VH process issues (non-technical)
Requires capacity to be analytical in nature, able to navigate find nuances in organizational/stakeholder interpretation and multi-organizational regulatory guidance. Comfortable in high complexity projects and processes.
Operates highly independently with little oversight and on multiple simultaneous priorities.
Position expectation is onsite 20%-80% at the Defense Health Headquarters, Falls Church, VA. Must be capable to support 100% telework in special situations.
Position expectation includes 10% travel including international, with advanced notice.
Qualifications:
Active government security clearance required
Bachelor’s degree healthcare, management, health informatics or related field from an accredited college or university that meets above requirements for this position. Education must demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work.
Strong written and verbal communication skills with senior Government customers and colleagues
Exceptional time management/organization skills
Advanced proficiency in all of MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio) including pivot tables
Preferred Qualifications/Skills:
DoD Healthcare and/or clinical experience
Past military experience

EEO Statement: Staffing Pros a division of VETS-inc is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information."	3701	Washington
Senior Cyber Security Analyst	Leidos	Washington, DC 20090 (South West area)	None	"Description
Job Description:
Job Description
This role serves as the Cyber Security Analyst position for the SOC program. This position is responsible for engineering design, security tools maintenance and development of cyber security technology along with integration of new architectural features into existing infrastructure.
Candidate shall have more than 5 years of experience working within an enterprise operations environment with a focus on cyber security. Perform security tools maintenance as required. Support multi-disciplined teams in the design and implementation of the cyber security system architecture.
Candidates shall also have specialized experience in one of the following areas:
a) Monitoring and Detection Analyst: Candidates shall have a minimum of three (3) years of professional experience in cybersecurity, information risk management, or information systems risk assessment, and must be knowledgeable in many areas such as: Vulnerability Assessments, Intrusion Prevention and Detection, Access Control and Authorization, Policy Enforcement, Application Security, Protocol Analysis, Firewall Management, Incident Response, Data Loss Prevention, Encryption, Two‐Factor Authentication, Web‐filtering, and Advanced Threat Protection.
b) Incident Response Analyst:
Candidates shall have a minimum of three (3) years of professional experience responding to information system security incidents and an ability to use the DHS furnished toolset to identify and determine root causes of incidents and provide any required documentation and possible evidence to authorized personnel who carry legal or investigative authorities.
c) Cyber Intelligence Analyst: Candidates shall have at least three (3) years of professional experience in incident detection and response and/or cyber intelligence analysis. Primary Responsibilities Serves as a Tier 2 cyber security analyst supporting one or more of the following areas: - incident response - monitoring and detection - cyber intelligence analysis Candidates must have extensive experience working with various security methodologies and processes, advanced knowledge of TCP/IP protocols, experience configuring and implementing various technical security solutions, extensive experience providing analysis and trending of security log data from a large number of heterogeneous security devices. Must possess expert knowledge in two or more of the following areas: Vulnerability Assessment, Intrusion Prevention and Detection, Access Control and Authorization, Policy Enforcement, Application Security, Protocol Analysis, Firewall Management, Incident Response, Encryption, Web‐filtering, Advanced Threat Protection.
Basic Qualifications Ability to obtain public trust clearance. Minimum five (5) years of professional experience in incident detection and response, malware analysis, or cyber forensics. In addition, minimum of three (3) years of specialized experience in one or more of the following areas: - Monitoring and detection - Incident Response - Cyber security analysis At least one of the following certifications SANS: GCIH, GCIA SEI: CSIH Preferred Qualifications Experience with Cyber Kill Chain, CDM tools Bigfix/forescout/nessus.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE: BS degree and 4 – 8 years of prior relevant experience in order to operate within the scope contemplated by the level.
External Referral Bonus:
Eligible
External Referral Bonus $:
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
Public Trust
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Cyber Operations
Pay Range:"	3701	Washington
Senior Counter-Terrorism Analyst	Jacobs	Reston, VA 20191	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Company Description:
The Buffalo Group, a Jacobs Company, addresses the convergence of cyber, secure cloud, and data analytics in the Intelligence Community coupled with our federal defense and civilian sectors to provide enterprise-level, automated, and dynamic cyber defense and insider threat solutions.
The Buffalo Group believes the best way to build the strongest team possible, is to build and grow from within. The Buffalo Group culture is one that encourages and rewards hard-work, facilitates a teamwork environment, and provides the best opportunities for upward movement & career advancement. The Buffalo Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V.
Overview:
Research and produce all-source terrorism national military intelligence studies and products. Conduct research and analysis of all-source data, populate databases and disseminate a broad array of intelligence products. Produce intelligence products on terrorist tactics and operational capabilities to include internal security, organizational facilities, and personalities involved in terrorism tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP) to include threats, intentions, capabilities, modus operandi, and environment to support national-level counterterrorism planning and operational missions.
Responsibilities:
Produces concise tactical and strategic counter terrorism assessments for key decision makers using unevaluated intelligence.
Utilizes a variety of analytical principles, concepts and methodologies to produce all-source intelligence products and target development packages
Produces all-source intelligence products on transnational terrorism
Provides analysis and research for industry, infrastructure, technology, country, geographic area, biographic and targeted vulnerability.
Prepares assessments of current events based on the sophisticated collection, research and analysis of classified/unclassified and open source information.
Develops and maintains analytical procedures to meet changing requirements and ensure maximum operations.
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Qualifications
Ability to conduct strategic research to develop innovative technical and/or analytic solutions to combine political and military trends/ behaviors with other data sources to support National Security interests.
Comfortable briefing senior level managers quickly and thoroughly with minimal preparation and be able to react to a highly fluid environment.
Knowledge of the dynamics of military and regime leadership, national military strategy, terrorism, strategic doctrine, regional relations, internal and regional stability and security.
Analytical experience in the following areas: Strategic Analysis, Network Development Emerging Threats, Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear (CBRN), Document and Media Exploitation (DOMEX), and Watchlisting.
Working knowledge of MS Office suite, or experience with standard analytical search engines or public source databases is a plus.
Required:
Bachelor’s degree or a Master’s Degree and 8 years of experience. Additional years of experience in lieu of degree.
Advanced experience with intelligence tools and databases like CHROME, M3, TIDE, PALANTIR.
US government clearance: Active or Current TS w/ a current SCI with the ability to obtain a CI poly.
Excellent writing, verbal, and communication skills.
Essential Functions
Physical Requirements:
Most work will be done at a desk or computer.
Work Environment:
General Office environment. The work environment is fast-paced and sometimes involves extreme deadline pressures. The nature of the work requires a high degree of teamwork and cooperation with other members of the staff as well as individuals across the Company and Customers.
Equipment & Machines:
General office equipment including PC/laptop, Fax, Copiers, Shredder, Printers, Telephone, and other miscellaneous office equipment.
Attendance:
Attendance is critical at all times. Must be able to work a 40-hour workweek, normally Monday through Friday. However, times and days may vary depending on business requirements. Needs to be available to work overtime during critical peaks and be available to meet last minute requests for overtime should the situation occur.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing
Grooming and dress must be appropriate for the position and must not impose a safety risk/hazard to the employee or others. Must put forward a professional behavior that enhances productivity and promotes teamwork and cooperation.
Must be able to interface with individuals at all levels of the organization both verbally and in writing. Must be well-organized with the ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously. Must work well under pressure to meet deadline requirements. Must be willing to travel as needed. Must take and pass a drug test and background check as well as a motor vehicle records check. Must be a US citizen.
The Buffalo Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), age, medical condition, marital or domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression and transgender status, mental disability or physical disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, citizenship, low-income status or any other status or characteristic protected by applicable law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	3701	Washington
Senior Detection & Response Analyst	Expel	Herndon, VA	None	"When you catch yourself daydreaming it is often because you like thinking like the attacker in order to make systems smarter vs. letting the systems drive you. We get that thinking, because we do it too. Our guess is you've also set up some stuff to expand your skills and test your theories - and you enjoy the thrill of being able to dissect and understand advanced attacks and offensive tradecraft.

Are you someone who has led several security incidents across multiple technologies and find the opportunity to learn new things thrilling? Have you spent time chasing attackers, testing new detection theories and upleveling the skills of those around you? How does it sound to work somewhere where you can pull all that together, while helping others thrive along a similar path?

Well, you're reading this and releasing a loud, resounding, ""yes!"", then we'd love to talk with you! We're looking for someone who is deeply curious, passionate about helping customers to detect the bad guys, and excited at the prospect of hunting around in customer networks (and clouds) for evil. We have an amazing team and believe you'll love getting to know us.

What Expel can do for you

Give you an opportunity to take ownership of key processes and capabilities at Expel
Empower you to coach and guide the methodologies you define
Enable you to learn from other analysts & responders
Ensure your voice is heard & tied directly to our business direction
Connect you with technical & security leads across the security market
Provide you with an entertaining, small, and highly transparent startup environment
Challenge you to push the bounds of our security vision

What You can do for expel

Provide guidance, mentorship and oversight in delivering our services to customers
Develop strategic recommendations to help customer improve their overall security program
Lead high risk security incidents affecting our customers helping them rapidly respond
Identify and drive improvements to our processes and technology
Work to improve the enrichment, accuracy, and customer context of incidents
Mentor associate security analysts
Offer your expertise and step in to help when customers or other analysts need additional help and support
Support our engagement managers in ensuring we are taking care of our customers with high levels of care and quality

What you should bring with you

Strong defensive and offensive fundamentals specifically in network traffic analysis, event log analysis, digital forensics of Windows-based systems, basic malware triage, knowledge of common attack vectors and post exploitation techniques.
Proficiency with tools like tcpdump, Wireshark, Metasploit, Armitage, and the Sysinternals tools suite
Fluency with network architecture and security infrastructure placement
An understanding of Windows & Linux operating systems and command line tools
A deep understanding of networking fundamentals, TCP/IP and core protocols
Familiarity with popular cloud Infrastructure (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Working knowledge of common SIEM/Log aggregation platforms (Kibana, ELK, Splunk)
Hands-on experience in software development and/or scripting is a plus
Ability to quickly engender trust and build strong long-term relationships within and outside of the SOC team
Ability to listen (actively) and influence (directly and indirectly) people who have a wide range of communication styles and technical skills.
Report writing and presentation skills - documenting and conveying incident data, attack timelines, and public speaking

Additional notes

If you're missing a few skills outlined above, or for some other reason don't feel totally qualified to apply--please apply anyway. We'd love to hear from you.

This role can be based either out of our offices in Herndon, Virginia, or remotely. Ideally, we are looking for candidates who are willing to work between the hours of 2pm and 10pm EST.

We're only hiring those authorized to work in the United States.

We're an Equal Opportunity Employer: You'll receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

We do not currently sponsor immigration visas."	3701	Washington
Senior Financial Analyst	Finra	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"The primary purpose of this position is to conduct monthly close reviews and analyses; monthly financial reporting and analysis; preparation of the annual financial plan/budget and recurring forecasts and provide a basis for sound financial decision-making through quantitative financial analyses. The Financial Analyst will work closely with business unit personnel in performing these functions.
Essential Job Functions:
Analyze detailed general ledger transactions and prepare monthly accruals, re-accruals and re-classes.
Prepare monthly executive financial summaries distributed to senior management. Includes working with business and financial reporting team in analyzing monthly financial results for revenues and key volume indicators, business and technology expenses, cash flows and headcount to prepare variance explanations for actuals versus forecast and budget.
Conduct review of monthly financial reports with business lines.
Advise and collaborate with business during the preparation of the annual financial plan/budget and forecasts to ensure that process requirements are communicated and met.
Partner with business in establishing detailed revenue plans for the budget, forecasts and three-year projections using run rates, projecting revenue volumes and incorporating any pricing changes.
Partner with business in developing baseline costs including headcount and capital resources for the budget, forecasts and three-year plan using run rates and business drivers that affect baseline spending patterns.
Analyze recurring forecasts using revenue and expense run rates, knowledge of macroeconomic and other business factors which drive business volume and knowledge of business unit initiatives.
Assist in the preparation of business justifications and financial projections related to new initiatives.
Perform various other analytics.
Education/Experience Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration or related field plus a minimum of 3 years work experience in a financial environment.
Proficiency with Excel and use of various financial and planning related applications, with Workday/Adaptive experience preferred
Strong communication and analytical skills.
Working Conditions:
Work will be performed in an office environment.
Extended hours may be required.
To be considered for this position, please submit an application.
The information provided above has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work of the position. It is not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required.
Please note: If the “Apply Now” button on a job board posting does not take you directly to the FINRA Careers site, enter www.finra.org/careers into your browser to reach our site directly.
FINRA strives to make our career site accessible to all users. If you need a disability-related accommodation for completing the application process, please contact FINRA’s accommodation help line at 240.386.4865. Please note that this number is exclusively for inquiries regarding application accommodations.
Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. FINRA also provides a variety of benefits including comprehensive health and welfare benefits, life and disability insurance, paid holidays, vacation, personal, and sick leave. FINRA offers immediate participation and vesting in a 401(k) plan with company match. You will also be eligible for participation in an additional FINRA-funded retirement contribution, our tuition reimbursement program and many other benefits. If you would like to contribute to our important mission and work collegially in a professional organization that values intelligence, integrity and initiative, consider a career with FINRA.
Important Information
FINRA’s Code of Conduct imposes restrictions on employees’ investments and requires financial disclosures that are uniquely related to our role as a securities regulator. FINRA employees are required to disclose to FINRA all brokerage accounts that they maintain, and those in which they control trading or have a financial interest (including any trust account of which they are a trustee or beneficiary and all accounts of a spouse, domestic partner or minor child who lives with the employee) and to authorize their broker-dealers to provide FINRA with duplicate statements for all of those accounts. All of those accounts are subject to the Code’s investment and securities account restrictions, and new employees must comply with those investment restrictions—including disposing of any security issued by a company on FINRA’s Prohibited Company List or obtaining a written waiver from their Executive Vice President—by the date they begin employment with FINRA. Employees may only maintain securities accounts that must be disclosed to FINRA at one or more securities firms that provide an electronic feed (e-feed) of data to FINRA, and must move securities accounts from other securities firms to a firm that provides an e-feed within three months of beginning employment.
You can read more about these restrictions here .
As standard practice, employees must also execute FINRA’s Employee Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreement without qualification or modification and comply with the company’s policy on nepotism.
Search Firm Representatives
Please be advised that FINRA is not seeking assistance or accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms for this employment opportunity. Regardless of past practice, a valid written agreement and task order must be in place before any resumes are submitted to FINRA. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at FINRA without a valid written agreement and task order in place will be deemed the sole property of FINRA and no fee will be paid in the event that person is hired by FINRA.
FINRA is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, citizenship status, color, disability, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal state or local laws as appropriate, or upon the protected status of the person’s relatives, friends or associates.
FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.
FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.
©2020 FINRA. All rights reserved. FINRA is a registered trademark of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc."	3701	Washington
Sr. Intelligence Analyst	Amazon.com Services LLC	Washington, DC	None	"
Bachelor's degree or its equivalent in years of experience in fields related to fraud and/or abuse.
Demonstrated experience performing open source research on a variety of topics.
Proven high level of integrity and discretion to handle confidential information.
Demonstrated ability to investigate complex and highly technical problems, and perform root cause analysis.

Amazon Intelligence Analysts play a key role in the identification, interpretation, transformation, and dissemination of intelligence crucial to the protection of Amazon customers and partners from fraudulent actors. Intelligence Analysts provide Amazon teams with information about threats and vulnerabilities, and use information derived from all intelligence disciplines to determine changes in actor activity, capabilities, intent, and resources.

Your role will focus on the identification, analysis, processing, and distribution of finished intelligence. You will quickly and discretely provide intelligence to assist in decision making and actively thwart emergent and current threats targeting our customers. Specific duties of this role include: intelligence gathering; processing incoming information, reports, and messages; determining the significance and reliability of incoming information; identifying and investigating new vulnerabilities, and translating that analysis into actionable intelligence; preparing all-source intelligence products; establishing and maintaining systematic, cross-reference intelligence records and files; integrating incoming information with current intelligence and investigations.
A successful candidate can prioritize well, communicate clearly, and has a consistent track record of delivery. You must be proactive in removing roadblocks, and a self-starter able to dive multiple layers deep. You will need to influence internal and external stakeholders that are spread across the world, and be able to effectively rally support for your initiatives. A successful candidate will set a new bar for the team in terms of curiousity.


Four-year degree related to the following fields of study: Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Security, Foreign Studies, Finance, Investigative Journalism.
Experience in investigating fraud, abuse, and eCrime.
Familiarity with foreign-language media sources, both traditional and non-traditional
Multilingual with preference for Russian, Chinese, and/or Japanese.
Knowledge of retail and social media ecosystems.
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	3701	Washington
Senior Program Analyst - Defense Intelligence Agency	BMNT	Alexandria, VA	None	"About the Role

BMNT is hiring a Senior Program Analyst for the Intel Portfolio which includes support to the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) Machine-Assisted Analytic Rapid-Repository System (MARS) Program and the DIA Innovation Program team. At BMNT, Senior Analysts play an integral role in the consultative process that forms the basis for everything we do for our customers, and they drive various aspects and key decision points within the project lifecycle, including planning facilitated workshops and product development. A significant portion of the Senior Analyst role is to oversee problem curation — a specialized tradecraft developed by BMNT to help our customers validate problems worth spending time, energy, and resources to solve — and how it fits into the broader system of innovation at BMNT. A high-performing Senior Analyst will therefore demonstrate expertise in everything we do at BMNT, and is able to effectively communicate BMNT's competitive advantage in order to build credibility and trust with our customers.

What You'll Be Doing: (Responsibilities)

Managing workflow and delegating tasks across Product and Program teams to ensure timely completion.
Identifying secondary and tertiary problems and opportunities that BMNT could address for customers.
Establishing strong relationships and credibility with customers by developing a positive connection and establishing trust with customers.
Leading customer meetings and phone calls, including the ability to answer in-depth questions about BMNT methodologies.
Quickly understands the scope and root of a problem, synthesizes and analyzes data, and presents findings in a clear, succinct, and polished manner.
Leading elements of the customer relationship, including setting agendas and closing-out activities or action items.
Independently resolve issues as they arise.
Conducting independent research and developing project plans that reflect customer needs and the ability to enlist the help from other team members.
Providing guidance, motivation, support, and role modeling to fellow Analysts.
Executes problem curation to a high standard with little or no supervision.
Balances deadlines with personal priorities.
Exhibiting respectful behavior and following company policies. Models the desired behaviors of a successful contributor at BMNT, as explained in the Employee Handbook.
Writes well, with very little correction needed from others.

We Are Looking For: (Qualifications)

Bachelors Degree.
Excitement for BMNT's mission.
A self-starter with an obsession for outcomes, not activities.
The ability to provide — in written or verbal form — valuable, succinct, and actionable insights from complicated information.
Humility and a commitment to self-improvement and self-awareness, including proactively seeking and welcoming constructive feedback from colleagues.
Curiosity and an always-be-learning attitude, including recognizing when help is needed and seeking new ideas or perspectives to accomplish an objective.
Attention to detail and the ability to manage and prioritize many concurrent tasks.
The patience and creativity to overcome barriers to success.
U.S. citizenship with at least three years of relevant professional development or two years as a BMNT Analyst, and a Bachelor's Degree or related work experience.
Secret security clearance is desired.

Reports to:
This position reports directly to the Intel Program Manager"	3701	Washington
PROGRAM ANALYST	US Office of the Chief of Staff of the Army	Arlington, VA	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
About the Position:

Serves as senior program analyst and principal advisor on Army strategic planning related to installation management (including the interrelationship between force structure, funding levels, and facilities requirements), for the Deputy Chief of Staff, G-9 (DCS, G-9). Serves as the expert authority on Army strategy, policy interpretation, and senior leader decision making processes.

Responsibilities
Assists in the development of Deputy Chief of Staff, G-9/Headquarters, Department of the Army positions on Congressionally directed studies/actions assigned to the Army Staff.
Drafts proposed policy papers and information on facilities planning for new Army initiatives.
Participates in the establishment of policy and guidance for the global basing of Army forces and the corresponding installation support.
Conducts and/or coordinates the conduct of installation stationing analyses through data analytics.
Prepares and provides guidance on utilizing data from real property and personnel reporting sites.
Monitors Army long-range military real property planning, utilization, and management process in accordance with changes to Army structure, stationing and weapons systems initiatives.
Monitors the programming for facility projects in support of transformation and Global realignment initiatives.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Management Analysts
Program Analysts
Program Management Analyst
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Appointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance for duration of employment.
Qualifications
Who May Apply: Only applicants who meet one of the employment authority categories below are eligible to apply for this job. You will be asked to identify which category or categories you meet, and to provide documents which prove you meet the category or categories you selected. See Proof of Eligibility for an extensive list of document requirements for all employment authorities.
30 Percent or More Disabled Veterans
Current Department of Army Civilian Employees
Current Permanent Department of Defense (DOD) Civilian Employee (non-Army)
Domestic Defense Industrial Base/Major Range and Test Facilities Base Civilian Personnel Workforce
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act
Military Spouses, under Executive Order (E.O.) 13473
Non-Department of Defense (DoD) Transfer
Priority Placement Program, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) Eligible
Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) of 1998

In order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Additional information about transcripts is in this document.

Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience which includes monitoring long-range facility planning, utilization, and/or management processes; assisting with the determination of force structure modifications; analyzing the impact of stationing on installation functions. This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the next lower grade/level position in the federal service (GS-13).

Some federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required experience in order to qualify. For this job, you must meet the qualification requirement using experience alone-no substitution of education for experience is permitted.

You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas:
Administration and Management
Attention to Detail
Planning and Evaluating

Time in Grade Requirement: Applicants who have held a General Schedule (GS) position within the last 52 weeks must have 52 weeks of Federal service at the next lower grade or equivalent (GS-13).
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration.
You will be required to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Direct deposit of pay is required.
Selection is subject to restrictions resulting from Department of Defense referral system for displaced employees.
If you have retired from federal service and you are interested in employment as a reemployed annuitant, see the information in the Reemployed Annuitant information sheet.
This is a Career Program (CP) 29 - Installation Management position.
You may claim military spouse preference (MSP).
If a MSP applicant is determined best qualified and selected, placement must be at the full performance level for priority consideration.
Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement.
Salary includes applicable locality pay or Local Market Supplement.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Payment of Permanent Change of Station (PCS) costs is not authorized, based on a determination that a PCS move is not in the Government interest.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the announcement has closed, a review of your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified, your résumé and supporting documentation will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your level of experience. If, after reviewing your résumé and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying, errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP). If you are a Federal employee in the competitive service and your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority for this position. To receive selection priority, you must: (1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria (2) be rated well-qualified for the position and; (3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. To be considered well-qualified and receive selection priority applicants must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a score of 90 or above. Additional information about the program is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). Please review the following links to see which documents you need to provide to prove your eligibility to apply: Applicant Merit Checklist and Proof of Eligibility.

As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.


1. Your resume:

Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy.
For qualifications determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., HRS per week and month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as incomplete and you may not receive consideration for this position.
For additional information see: What to include in your resume.
2. Other supporting documents:
Cover Letter, optional
Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable
Proof of Eligibility to Apply: Your application must include the documents which prove you are eligible to apply for the vacancy. The Proof of Eligibility document describes authorities commonly used in merit promotion recruitment and what document(s) are required to prove you meet the requirements of the authority. You must meet the requirements of at least one of the authorities listed in the Who May Apply section above to receive further consideration.
Time-in-grade documentation: If you are applying for a higher grade and your SF-50 has an effective date within the past year, it may not clearly demonstrate you meet the one year time-in-grade requirement so you will need to provide an SF-50 which clearly demonstrates you meet the time-in-grade requirements (examples of appropriate SF-50s include Promotions, Within-grade Grade/Range Increases, and SF-50s with an effective date more than one year old).
NOTE: Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove another person's personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
See ""Who May Apply"" in the ""Qualifications"" section for more information on who is eligible to apply for this position."	3701	Washington
Policy Analyst, Energy Project	Bipartisan Policy Center	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	None	"The Bipartisan Policy Center is a Washington, DC-based think tank that actively fosters bipartisanship by combining the best ideas from both parties to promote health, security, and opportunity for all Americans. Our policy solutions are the product of informed deliberations by former elected and appointed officials, business and labor leaders, and academics and advocates who represent both sides of the political spectrum. BPC prioritizes one thing above all else: getting things done.
BPC is accepting applications for a Policy Analyst who will support BPC’s dynamic energy program. Currently the team is focused on energy innovation, deep decarbonization, carbon management, energy infrastructure permitting and siting, and building an effective coalition for legislative action. The analyst will report to an Associate Director.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Conduct research on an array of energy and climate issues
Primary responsibility for drafting major written work products, including white papers, reports, issue briefs, and fact sheets
Lead research and drafting of blogs and other similar products
Participate in and support engagement with stakeholders, senior fellows, project principals and BPC task force members
Support energy project communications activities, including developing, reviewing, editing collateral, assisting with social media and other digital collateral
Work with development team to draft grant proposals, grant reports, and support other donor management needs
Primary responsibility for mentoring and overseeing the work of interns that support the Energy Project team
QUALIFICATIONS
Strong policy background with knowledge of the energy and climate landscape, policies, technologies.
Bachelor’s degree in economics, public policy, engineering, environmental science, or a related discipline preferred
2 to 4 years of experience, preferably in policy, analysis, or business
Master’s degree with 0-2 years of experience preferably in policy, analysis, or business
Excellent quantitative and research skills
Excellent writing and verbal communications skills
Strong team player with a collaborative spirit
Strong ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks with often overlapping deadlines while maintaining a high degree of thoroughness and accuracy.
BPC offers a highly competitive salary and provides generous benefits. Individuals interested in this position should send resume, cover letter, writing sample, and three references. Please submit materials as one file. Candidates must be authorized to work in the United States. BPC does not sponsor employment visas.
BPC is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.
This position is budgeted at 65,000. Commensurate with experience."	3701	Washington
Deployment Engagement Analyst, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Do you love guiding a project as it develops from concept to completion? Do you have the attention to detail needed to catch issues and course correct? With deliverables on the horizon and a budget to keep in check, project teams need guidance with vision and focus. That’s why we need you, a project manager with the skills and experience to guide our Electronic Health Record (EHR) implementation project from beginning to end – on-time and in budget.
As a project manager on our team, you'll provide deployment engagement support for an Acquisition Category (ACAT) I Major Automated Information System (MAIS) program for a Department of Defense (DoD) Electronic Health Record (EHR) system. You'll engage with deployment site POCs who are based at military treatment facilities (MTFs) across the country, through frequent email correspondence and phone calls. You'll also gather and analyze quantitative and qualitative data from the MTFs and prepare presentations in PowerPoint for clients. You'll provide frequent status updates on deployment activities both in person and in writing to stakeholders, to include members of the military, civilian government clients, commercial vendors, and federal contractors across a variety of locations and time zones. Your team will look to you for day to day guidance as they navigate requirements, budget constraints, and staffing challenges. Your client will rely on you for the pulse of the project through expected deliverables – e.g. engage with deployment site POCs who are based at military treatment facilities (MTFs) across the country, gather deployment data from the MTFs, and provide status updates. This is your chance to grow skills in military health while deepening your project management experience. You'll work in a fast-paced team environment that includes daily juggling of multiple deliverables and meetings. You'll demonstrate your expertise in a variety of health systems implementation concepts, practices, and procedures.
This position will require travel within the US, when necessary to accommodate client needs and is located in Arlington, VA.
Join us as we help evolve healthcare for our military members.
You Have:
8+ years of experience in a professional environment
Experience involving information technology and related systems supporting operational health care deployment and sustainment and/or experience working with implementation of electronic health care systems
Experience with project management
Ability to critically review and analyze contractual documents provided by healthcare vendors
Ability to participate and/or support site visits to conduct qualitative assessments, support briefings by government leadership, and disseminate information of the EHR system to stakeholders
Ability to travel up to 15%
Ability to obtain a security clearance
BA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:
Experience working with team members and clients who are at both onsite and offsite locations is a plus
Experience supporting the government preferred
Secret clearance
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Build Your Career:
Consulting at Booz Allen means empowering you to provide your customers with the best support. With a consulting career at Booz Allen, you’ll have access to:
a large business consulting community
experts in virtually every field
a culture that focuses on supporting our employees
We have opportunities that provide stability while offering variety, so you can find the right fit for your career — and your life. You’ll also have access to a wealth of training resources through our Consulting University, an online learning portal where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical, certifications, and books. Build your skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site courses, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. With contracts across the globe in multiple industries, no matter where you want to go with your consulting career, we have the path the takes you there.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	3701	Washington
Security Control Assessor (Senior)	HALVIK	Arlington, VA	None	"Halvik is looking for cybersecurity professionals to join our team supporting the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in Arlington, VA.

The Security Controls Assessor will conduct independent, comprehensive assessments of the management, operational, and technical security and privacy controls and control enhancements employed within or inherited by an information technology (IT) system to determine the overall effectiveness of the controls (as defined in NIST SP 800-37).

Entry level personnel will have 1 to 3 years of relevant experience and the equivalent of an associate’s degree in a cyber-security related field.

Intermediate level personnel will have 4 to 6 years of experience and the equivalent of a BS/BA in a cyber-related field. Direct experience or certifications may substitute for the academic credentials.

Senior level positions require 7 or more years of relevant cyber-security experience and an advanced degree in a technical/cyber-related field. Direct experience or directly relevant certifications may substitute for the academic credentials.

CISSP certification is required for all levels.
US Citizenship is required, and the ability to pass the background investigation for a Public Trust position.
Responsibilities
Perform security reviews, identify gaps in security architecture, and develop a security risk management plan with recommendations for inclusion in the risk mitigation strategy.
Plan and conduct security authorization reviews to confirm that the level of risk is within acceptable limits for each software application, system, and network.
Ensure that security design and cybersecurity development activities are properly documented (providing a functional description of security implementation) and updated as necessary.
Provide input to the Risk Management Framework process activities and related documentation (e.g., system life-cycle support plans, concept of operations, operational procedures, and maintenance training materials).
Develop security compliance processes and/or audits for external services (e.g., cloud service providers, data centers).
Ensure that plans of actions and milestones or remediation plans are in place for vulnerabilities identified during risk assessments, audits, inspections, etc.
Support necessary compliance activities (e.g., ensure that system security configuration guidelines are followed, compliance monitoring occurs).
Review Accreditation Packages (e.g., NIST Risk Mgt Framework).
Skills
Assessing security controls based on cybersecurity principles and tenets. (e.g., CIS CSC, NIST SP 800-53, Cybersecurity Framework, etc.).
Assessing security systems designs.
Conducting system vulnerability and risk assessments and reviews.
Interpreting vulnerability scanner results to identify vulnerabilities.
Technical writing, reviewing and editing for assessment products.
Conducting vulnerability scans and recognizing vulnerabilities in security systems.
Discerning the protection needs (i.e., security controls) of information systems and networks.
Applying cybersecurity and privacy principles to organizational requirements (relevant to confidentiality, integrity, availability, authentication, non-repudiation).
Abilities
Collect, analyze, verify, and validate test data.
Communicate complex information, concepts, or ideas in a confident and well-organized manner through verbal, written, and/or visual means.
Design valid and reliable assessments.
Function in a collaborative, virtual environment, seeking continuous consultation with other analysts and experts—both internal and external to the organization—to leverage analytical and technical expertise.
Identify systemic security issues based on the analysis of vulnerability and configuration data.
Apply cybersecurity and privacy principles to organizational requirements (relevant to confidentiality, integrity, availability, authentication, non-repudiation).
Knowledge
Cyber defense and vulnerability assessment tools and their capabilities.
Cybersecurity and privacy principles used to manage risks related to the use, processing, storage, and transmission of information or data.
Laws, policies, procedures, or governance relevant to cybersecurity for critical infrastructures.
Network access, identity, and access management (e.g., public key infrastructure, Oauth, OpenID, SAML, SPML).
new and emerging information technology (IT) and cybersecurity technologies.
Risk Management Framework (RMF) requirements.
Security Assessment and Authorization process.
authentication, authorization, and access control methods.
cybersecurity and privacy principles.
network security architecture concepts including topology, protocols, components, and principles (e.g., application of defense-in-depth).
Come join an awesome company on an exciting new project!
Halvik offers a competitive full benefits package including:
Company-supported medical, dental, vision, life, STD, and LTD insurance
Benefits include 10 federal holidays and PTO.
401(k) with company matching
Flexible Spending Accounts for commuter, medical, and dependent care expenses
Tuition Assistance
Charitable Contribution matching
Halvik Corp is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status."	3701	Washington
Senior Technical Intelligence Analyst	Mitre Corporation	McLean, VA	None	"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
We are currently seeking a Senior Technical Intelligence Analyst to join the Cross-cutting Urgent Innovation Cell (CUIC), an organization that is unique to MITRE because:
We are team of analysts, scientists, innovators, and engineers focused on delivering meaningful solutions to national security challenges
We concentrate on rapid prototyping, mission analysis, experimentation, and research together in a unique environment that is structured to optimize results.
We leverage our strong relationships with our customers and their missions to drive innovation that helps solve our nation's biggest challenges.
CUIC relies on initiative and enthusiasm from individual staff members who work proactively and collaboratively towards common goals. We are looking for talented problem solvers with a passion for adapting emerging academic and commercial technologies to develop cross-cutting innovative solutions for the defense, intelligence, and civilian communities.
A Senior Technical Intelligence Analyst is needed who possesses a breadth of technical skills and domain knowledge. Successful candidate(s) will learn new techniques and approaches on-the-job working in collaboration with other team members
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree and 5 years of related experience; or Master's degree and 3 of related years; or a PhD with relevant experience who can immediately contribute at this job step; or equivalent combination of related education and work experience
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree and at least 5 years of experience in counterproliferation, regional studies, and/or all-source intelligence analysis.
Open-source research and data analysis experience.
Proficiency with Python
Experience analyzing and manipulating intelligence datasets and using qualitative and quantitative analytic methodologies.
Familiarity with foreign financial networks and foreign corporate structures.
Experience with all-source intelligence analysis and conducting classified research using criminal investigative tools
Experience with sanctions, targeting, and evidentiary writing.
Strong problem-solving skills and capable of working with scientists, analysts, and technical software developers across several technical disciplines.
Ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI level security clearance
Preferred Qualifications:
Master’s degree
Russian, Chinese Cantonese, Chinese Standard or Mandarin, Arabic, Farsi/Persian, Hindi, Greek, Turkish, Kazakh, or other language skill.
Maritime, shipping, oil, and gas knowledge or experience.
This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
Top Secret/SCI
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only."	3701	Washington
Analyst - Data Security	Discovery	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Discovery hires the very best and brightest talent who are enthusiastic and passionate to fulfill the company’s mission of empowering people to explore their world and satisfy their curiosity.
In exchange for their talent and drive, employees are provided with an engaging, diverse workplace and the resources they need to learn, thrive and grow in their careers.
Job Summary
The Data Security Analyst’s primary role is to maintain and monitor the security portion of Discovery’s Privacy Program. The Data Security Analyst is a technology and process focused security professional who understands data protection threats, risk, and mitigating controls.They will assist in conducting data security compliance activities, identify gaps, make recommendations, and work with technical and non-technical stakeholders to develop remediations to mitigate privacy and security risk.
ResponsibilitiesServe as a Data Security advisor within the Information Security Team, providing specialist knowledge and actionable data security guidance to the enterprise related to current and future processes, applications, documentation, and productsLead and coordinate data security assessments across Discovery’s multiple business unitsRespond to day-to-day requests from Data Security, Information Security Team, and the CISO, such as advising on enterprise-wide initiativesAdvise in designing and implementing technical security controls and processes to support Discovery’s Global Privacy ProgramDevelop and maintain PII Data Flow Diagrams for new products and servicesCoordinate with business and IT teams as an SME/InfoSec liaison, supporting data security initiatives
RequirementsBachelor’s degree in MIS, CIS, Computer Science, Cyber Security, or IT security-related disciplineAt least 3 – 5 years experience in data privacy or information security riskAbility to prioritize work, remain flexible, and achieve against deadlinesAn understanding of privacy regulations (e.g., General Data Protection Regulation, California Consumer Privacy Act), and Payment Card Industry Data Security StandardExcellent analytical and problem-solving skills and interpersonal skills to interact with users, team members, and senior managementExperience in project management and the ability to communicate data protection and privacy issues verbally on both a formal and informal basis to technical and non-technical stakeholdersWorking knowledge and experience reviewing corporate data policies, identifying gaps, and making recommendations for improvementMust have the legal right to work in the United States
Preferred Qualifications
Desirable certifications include CISSP, CIPT, CISA, CISM, CDPSE, CIPP (US/E), or CIPTExperience working in a virtual teamSelf-motivated with a strong willingness to learn and growAbility to work as an independent, productive, self-motivated individual in high-pressure situations5+ years of data security compliance experienceWorking knowledge of JIRAWorking knowledge and experience in leading and performing data security, data privacy audits, reviews, and IT/security auditsExperience in developing and reporting performance and risk metrics (e.g., KPIs/KRIs – Status Reporting and Dashboard for senior management)Big 4 or Technology consulting experience
Discovery Communications, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Discovery is committed to being an employer of choice, not just a good place to work, but a great and inclusive place to work. To that end, we strive to recruit and maintain a workforce that meaningfully represents the diverse and culturally rich communities that we serve. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disabled status or, genetic information.
We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including but not limited to all local Fair Chance Ordinances.
EEO is the Law
Pay Transparency Policy Statement
California Job Applicant Privacy Policy
If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application process, please send an email request to HR@discovery.com."	3701	Washington
PROGRAM ANALYST	US Immediate Office of the Chief of Naval Operatio...	Arlington, VA	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as a PROGRAM ANALYST in the WARFARE SYSTEMS DIRECTORATE of IMMEDIATE OFC OF CHIEF OF NVL OPS.
Responsibilities
You will serve as the subject matter expert related to the inactivation and disposal of U.S. Navy vessels.
You will develop policy and practice for vessel inactivation and disposal methods, legislative inquiries, and the financial posture of the ship disposal program.
You will provide analysis and guidance related to future force formulation and ship recapitalization plans.
You will monitor requirements development and execution for assigned programs.
You will plan the ship recapitalization program to ensure organization is in line with goals and objectives.
You will serve as a representative on high-level committees, boards, and working groups to discuss overall programmatic objectives.
You will manage funds to ensure support for inactive ships is identified during the budget cycle.
You will utilize the Ship Disposition Review process to validate proposals to inactivate non-nuclear ships and determine appropriate future action.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position up to 10%.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Program
Program Analysts
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Generally, current federal employees applying for GS jobs must serve at least one year at the next lower grade level. This requirement is called time-in-grade. Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
Qualifications
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience performing work equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS-13) or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector.

Specialized experience must demonstrate performing duties such as the following: (1) Collaborating with a variety of organizations ranging from Echelon I staffs to individual ship crews to develop policies related to future force formulation and ship recapitalization plans; (2) Understanding the overall lifecycle of a Naval vessel from construction to retirement; (3) Utilizing the Planning, Programming, Budgeting & Execution process as it applies to financial management and resource allocation for current and future acquisition programs; (4) Monitoring pertinent issues related to ship inactivation and disposal processes to develop executive level papers, briefs and documents for senior leaders as well as responses to congressional queries and other outside organizations; (5) Managing budget planning and execution for programs to ensure proper funding support for ships during inactivation processes.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management web site: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

Recruitment incentives may be authorized to eligible new hires.

A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ACCOUNTABILITY
INFLUENCING/NEGOTIATING
ORAL COMMUNICATION
PROBLEM SOLVING
RULEMAKING AND REGULATION
WRITTEN COMMUNICATION

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current permanent DoD employees, Former permanent federal employees, VEOA eligibles, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)"	3701	Washington
Jr. Counter-Terrorism Analyst	Jacobs	Reston, VA 20191	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
The Buffalo Group, a Jacobs Company, addresses the convergence of cyber, secure cloud and data analytics in the Intelligence Community coupled with our federal defense and civilian sectors to provide enterprise-level, automated and dynamic cyber defense and insider threat solutions.
Overview:
Research and produce all-source terrorism national military intelligence studies and products. Conduct research and analysis of all-source data, populate databases and disseminate a broad array of intelligence products. Produce intelligence products on terrorist tactics and operational capabilities to include internal security, organizational facilities, and personalities involved in terrorism tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTP) to include threats, intentions, capabilities, modus operandi, and environment to support national-level counterterrorism planning and operational missions.
Responsibilities:
Produces concise tactical and strategic counter terrorism assessments for key decision makers using unevaluated intelligence.
Utilizes a variety of analytical principles, concepts and methodologies to produce all-source intelligence products and target development packages
Produces all-source intelligence products on transnational terrorism
Provides analysis and research for industry, infrastructure, technology, country, geographic area, biographic and targeted vulnerability.
Prepares assessments of current events based on the sophisticated collection, research and analysis of classified/unclassified and open source information.
Develops and maintains analytical procedures to meet changing requirements and ensure maximum operations.
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Skill Set:
Ability to conduct strategic research to develop innovative technical and/or analytic solutions to combine political and military trends/ behaviors with other data sources to support National Security interests.
Comfortable briefing senior level managers quickly and thoroughly with minimal preparation and be able to react to a highly fluid environment.
Knowledge of the dynamics of military and regime leadership, national military strategy, terrorism, strategic doctrine, regional relations, internal and regional stability and security.
Analytical experience in the following areas: Strategic Analysis, Network Development Emerging Threats, Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear (CBRN), Document and Media Explotation (DOMEX), and Watchlisting.
Working knowledge of MS Office suite, or experience with standard analytical search engines or public source databases is a plus.
Required:
Bachelor’s degree or a Master’s Degree and 4 years of experience. Additional years of experience in lieu of degree.
Advanced experience with intelligence tools and databases like CHROME, M3, TIDE, PALANTIR.
US government clearance: Active or Current TS w/ a current SCI with ability to obtain a poly.
Excellent writing, verbal, and communication skills.
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Most work will be done at a desk or computer.
Work Environment:
General Office environment. The work environment is fast-paced and sometimes involves extreme deadline pressures. The nature of the work requires a high degree of teamwork and cooperation with other members of the staff as well as individuals across the Company and Customers.
Equipment & Machines:
General office equipment including PC/laptop, Fax, Copiers, Shredder, Printers, Telephone, and other miscellaneous office equipment.
Attendance:
Attendance is critical at all times. Must be able to work a 40-hour workweek, normally Monday through Friday. However, times and days may vary depending on business requirements. Needs to be available to work overtime during critical peaks and be available to meet last minute requests for overtime should the situation occur.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be able to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing
Grooming and dress must be appropriate for the position and must not impose a safety risk/hazard to the employee or others. Must put forward a professional behavior that enhances productivity and promotes teamwork and cooperation.
Must be able to interface with individuals at all levels of the organization both verbally and in writing. Must be well-organized with the ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously. Must work well under pressure to meet deadline requirements. Must be willing to travel as needed. Must take and pass a drug test and background check as well as a motor vehicle records check. Must be a US citizen.
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), age, medical condition, marital or domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression and transgender status, mental disability or physical disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, citizenship, low-income status or any other status or characteristic protected by applicable law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	3701	Washington
Logistics, Sr.	VISTA Technology Services	Washington, DC	None	"VISTA Technology Services, Inc. (VISTA) is currently a Sr. Logistics Analyst responsible for large or technically complex activities focused on Integrated Logistics Support (ILS) and Product Support Management (PSM) disciplines.

Job Requirements:
Leads and manages ILS and PSM efforts that could include, but are not limited to, the following areas:


Development and implementation of product support strategies that relate to product support,
Sustainment, and readiness efforts throughout the product lifecycle;
Facilities infrastructure;
Facilitation and support of ILS and PSM activities and documents; and other ILS and PSM activities or related briefing material.
May be responsible for leading junior personnel.

Job Qualifications:

Associate degree and twenty (20) years of relevant experience, or Bachelor's degree in a relevant field and fifteen (15) years of relevant experience, or Master's degree in a relevant field and ten (10) years of relevant experience.

Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Only US citizens are eligible for a security clearance. VISTA will consider only applicants with Secret security clearances or applicants who are eligible for security clearances for this position.

VISTA offers a strong compensation package and a competitive leave package. A generous benefit plan includes medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, tuition assistance, and employer matching 401(k) plan.

To learn more about VISTA and to apply for this position, please visit our website at www.VISTAtsi.com.

VISTA is an AA/Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Disability/Veterans Employer."	3701	Washington
Business Financial Analyst, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Washington, DC	None	"The Challenge:
The right mixture of great ideas and funding can create powerful change. In a complex organization, allocating funding to where it can be most effective can be a challenge. That’s why we need you, a financial analyst who can easily navigate the requirements, policies, and regulations that govern funding, to make our Navy's resources can make the most impact.
As a financial analyst on our team, you’ll create a financial management strategy to help your client's project succeed. You’ll work with project management, task leads, and acquisition, cost, programming, and budget analysts to build an actionable plan for your client to secure the funding needed to achieve their goals.
Using your knowledge of laws, regulations, and policies, you’ll help your client develop well-formed requirements. Once the funding is in place, you’ll make sure the funding is used efficiently through consistent tracking and communication with project management and your task leads. This is your chance to work on high level naval systems while imparting your financial analysis expertise to your team. Join us as we help fuel our country’s naval fleet with the funding they need.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
7+ years of experience with budget planning, preparation, and execution for acquisition programs
Experience with the preparation of reports that reflect programs or project status in areas of cost, schedule, and performance
Experience with the Program Budget Information System (PBIS), Automated Funding Document System (AUTODOC), Standard Accounting Reporting System (STARS), Prisms, or Cobra
Secret clearance
BA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:
3 years of experience with the Navy
Experience with Navy ERP
Experience with Microsoft Excel
Certified Defense Financial Manager (CDFM) or DAWIA Level I Certification in Business or Financial Management
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the opportunity to connect with other professionals doing similar work across multiple markets. You’ll share best practices and work through challenges as you gain experience and mentoring to develop your career. In addition, you’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
APC1, ID13-G"	3701	Washington
Director of Intelligence	US U.S. Capitol Police	Washington, DC	$173,900 a year	"Duties
Summary
The United States Capitol Police (USCP) is a CALEA nationally-accredited, federal law enforcement agency. The USCP safeguards the Congress, Members of Congress, employees, visitors, and Congressional buildings and grounds from crime, disruption, and terrorism. We protect and secure Congress so it can fulfill its constitutional and legislative responsibilities in a safe, secure and open environment.
Responsibilities
Directs and oversees the implementation and proactive execution of intelligence activities for the Department. Uses effective intelligence and security strategies that can be utilized in both a classified and unclassified manner. Implementing intelligence-related programs and policies necessary to effectively protect the Legislative Branch. Executes processes for moving the intelligence organization and programs forward. Coordinates and implements decisions made by the COP, ACOP and the Executive Team.Develops intelligence plans, policies, and methodologies for the Department's. Responds to requests for information to support policymaking activities for the USCP and other agencies of the Federal government. Monitors the implementation of higher-level policies, procedures, and guidance, and modifies and makes recommendations to adapt guidance to specific situations. Ensures that the USCP and the Capitol Police Board's interests are addressed in the development of plans, polices and strategies.Develops long-range operations strategies and objectives, and translates objectives into specific programs to enhance operations. Continuously evaluates programs to assess their effectiveness in accomplishing overall objectives and goals. Identifies potential problems or weaknesses and takes corrective actions. Considers a broad spectrum of factors when making decisions, including operational needs, public relations and policy, management-employee relations, economic impact, and impact on other agencies. Adjusts overall functional responsibilities to adapt to changing threats and risks. Serves as the principal advisor and senior expert on all intelligence related activities for the Department. Participates in top management discussions and decisions, and serves as the senior adviser to top level management officials. Either independently or through subordinate staff, identifies significant problem areas and prepares a detailed and reliable plan to resolve any issues impeding the work of the Department. Applies innovative approaches for managing, avoiding or resolving problems and reducing conflicts with respect to critical intelligence matters. Develops solutions and recommendations, to include policy and procedural changes that address complex and unique intelligence issues. Advises and instructs civilian and sworn employees on both work and administrative matters and finds ways to enhance the quality of work across the office. Conducts formal briefings for high level federal officials to communicate ideas, strategies, and findings. Coordinates and integrates with officials inside and outside the USCP to ensure that actionable intelligence information is collected, processed, analyzed and disseminated within a timeframe commensurate with the level of intelligence received. . Establishes and fosters effective working relationships and information networks with members of the national intelligence community, i.e., local, state, and federal governments, to support the interests of the USCP and the Legislative Branch. Represents the USCP and the Capitol Police Board within the intelligence community, as well as with other law enforcement organizations through established partnerships. Attends meetings, briefings and conferences external to the organization such as meetings with national-level intelligence organizations. Coordinates actions with USCP staff, national intelligence organizations, state and local law enforcement organizations, and the Executive Team and handles a variety of sensitive matters on behalf of the Department. Serves as the Department's Senior Intelligence Officer responsible for overseeing intelligence analysis activities concerning threats and the potential impact upon the U.S. Capitol complex, visitors, VIPs and Members. Implements and executes program initiatives to support intelligence analyses that aid in the successful achievement of the USCP mission. Oversees all intelligence research and analysis conducted by the organization. Compiles intelligence data into actionable information for operational components. Manages the Department's intelligence liaison operations and conducts detailed reviews of finished intelligence and other analytical products.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0132 Intelligence
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen. Successful completion of a Background Investigation is required. Must complete a one year probationary period. Must have Direct Deposit. Must have and maintain a Top Secret/SCI Clearance.
Qualifications
In order to qualify, you must meet the education and/or experience requirements described below.
For the CP-14 level you must have one year of specialized experience at the CP-13/GS-15 level which is in or directly related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills , and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position.
Specialized experience for this position is defined as experience at the next lower grade level leading an intelligence program or segment of a program for a law enforcement or security agency; gathering intelligence data from various sources, analyzing raw data and identifying credible information; providing advice and guidance to senior officials on intelligence matters; preparing detailed and accurate intelligence reports; leading a team of technical analysts in accomplishing the mission of the organization, or similar experience.
All eligibility requirements must be met by the closing date of the vacancy announcement.
(Information on Qualification & Education are located at the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-dataoversight/classification-qualifications)
Education
There is no education substitution for experience in this series and/or grade.
Additional information
Additional Conditions of Employment with USCP: Criminal History Check - Must successfully pass a comprehensive criminal history check of the past 10 years. A criminal history check will be performed on all qualified applicants. Credit Check - Must successfully pass a credit check. Applicants must not be in default or delinquent on any Federal guaranteed student loans. Applicants must demonstrate a competent financial history. Financial delinquency including collection accounts, liens, repossessions, or garnishments may be a basis for disqualification. Selective Service Registration - Male applicants must provide verification of registration with the Selective Service System or must verify exemption from the Selective Service System registration because of age or military status. Female applicants are exempt from Selective Service System registration. https://www.sss.gov/Registration/check-a-Registration/Verification-Form Fingerprint Check - Applicants' fingerprints will be submitted to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) for a check of the criminal history record. Background Investigation - Must successfully complete all components of the USCP full field background investigation. There are few automatic grounds for rejection in the USCP background investigation process. Issues of misconduct, such as illegal drug use, arrests, or convictions may not be automatically disqualifying. However, deliberate misstatements, omissions, or intentionally withholding required information at any phase of the hiring process will result in a candidate's disqualification regardless of the nature or reason for the misstatement or omission. The primary reason candidates fail a background investigation is due to deliberately withholding or omitting material facts. Providing false and/or misleading information may be grounds for removal from the application and selection process.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Evaluation Factors Please address all Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA's) within the narrative responses, so that your experience can be evaluated properly. We will review your resume, assessment questionnaire and supporting documentation to determine if you meet the minimum requirements for this job. If you meet the minimum requirements for this job, we will evaluate your application materials, to assess the quality, depth, and complexity of your qualifications, accomplishments, experience, and education as they relate to the requirements listed in this vacancy announcement. Failure to successfully pass a full field background investigation and all segments of the pre-employment evaluation process will result in disqualification from further consideration under this Vacancy Announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Top Secret
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
High Risk (HR)
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents are required and must be received by the closing date of this announcement: 1. Your Resume: Resumes should include full description of job duties as well as dates (mm/yr) of employment. 2. Other supporting documents: - Veterans Preference Documentation, if applicable. - College transcript(s), if qualifying based on education, or other documentation to prove possession of the basic requirement for this position.
Benefits

Benefits
Review our benefits
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
Navigate to the following url to apply to this job: https://uscp.csod.com/ux/ats/careersite/1/home?c=uscp&source=USA"	3701	Washington
Defense Correspondence and Communication Analyst	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"Key Role:
Brings in-depth understanding and expertise to one or more aspects of service or joint missions, processes, and culture. Applies polished communication and correspondence management skills to provide seamless organization and execution for the client and the client's mission. Solves routine problems of limited scope and complexity and refers more complex issues to higher levels. Works under direct supervision.
Basic Qualifications:
Experience with automated task tracking applications
Knowledge of DoD correspondence management and procedures
Ability to serve as action officer in high tempo environment and provide concise clear communication to senior leaders
TS/SCI clearance
BA or BS degree
Additional Qualifications:
Knowledge of Office of Secretary of Defense or Joint Staff
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	3701	Washington
International Cybersecurity Analyst, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"The Challenge:
In order to transition effectively, organizations need help looking at their operation from the outside. Whether standing up a new organization, transforming an existing one, or transitioning an organization (e.g., merger, split-up), our clients need a consultant who will take the time to learn the complexities of their mission and provide them with tangible advice on improvement, mission success, and standard methodologies. That’s why we need you, an experienced management consultant who knows how to analyze every aspect of your customer’s operations and use your specialized experience to give them the roadmap to becoming the organization they envision.
As a Cyber Mission Specialist on our team, you’ll build an overall picture of your client’s current structure, day-to-day operations, and outcomes in a manner that they may not have thought of before. Through discussions and workshops with leadership and analysts you will identify and innovate the elements that work best in their environment and the areas for improvement. Once you have a solid understanding of where and how the organization can improve, you will present the path forward – and the expected results - to your client. This is your chance to grow experience in cybersecurity, while deepening your consulting skills.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
2+ years of experience with Cybersecurity
2+ years of experience with supporting a DoD-level organization
2+ years of experience with briefing clients and team members on technical, policy, and functional issues
Top Secret clearance
BA or BS degree required
Nice If You Have:
Experience with the development and implementation of Cybersecurity or information assurance policies, strategies, or equivalent issuance
Experience with diplomacy or achieving common goals, resolving issues and advancing interests
Ability to interact with US interagency and international partners' senior leadership in bilateral and multilateral and official settings
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills
Possession of excellent public speaking and presentation skills
Possession of excellent organizational skills
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
Consulting at Booz Allen means empowering you to provide your customers with the best support. With a consulting career at Booz Allen, you’ll have access to:
a large business consulting community
experts in virtually every field
a culture that focuses on supporting our employees
We have opportunities that provide stability while offering variety, so you can find the right fit for your career — and your life. You’ll also have access to a wealth of training resources through our Consulting University, an online learning portal where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical, certifications, and books. Build your skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site courses, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. With contracts across the globe in multiple industries, no matter where you want to go with your consulting career, we have the path the takes you there.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	3701	Washington
Cyber All Source Analyst	Avantus Federal	Arlington, VA	None	"Company Overview:

Operational Intelligence, an Avantus Federal Company, a NewSpring Holdings Company, is a mission-focused services and solutions company headquartered in McLean, VA. Drawing upon its heritage companies’ histories of consistent growth and high performance in the federal services market, Avantus ensures eminence is earned, sustained and grown.
Avantus’ services and solutions are designed, tailored, and executed based on our long history of helping our Homeland Security, Defense, Intelligence, and Federal Civilian customers solve complex challenges. Our capabilities include Project & Portfolio Management, Facilities, Acquisition & Sustainment, Systems Engineering Technical Services, Operations & Analysis, Transformation & Advisory Services, Data & Software Solutions, Digital Innovation, and Augmented Intelligence.
Position Overview:

We are seeking Mid/-Level Cyber All-Source Analysts in Washington, DC. The position requires 3+ years of experience as an analyst.
Responsibilities:

Produce all-source intelligence analysis in a fast-paced environment. Maintain responsibility for daily production by authoring intelligence updates on worldwide defense issues and threat warnings. Use analytic tradecraft to research traffic, collaborate with other intelligence community analysts, and write concise summaries and slide decks for senior defense leaders. Leverage expertise in intelligence writing to create client-ready products under strict deadlines and minimal supervision. Identify analytic gaps and shortfalls while maintaining situational awareness of dynamic client needs and global developments. This position will require performing shift work on days, nights, or weekends at client request to help maintain 24/7 coverage.
Required Qualifications:
1+ years of experience in interacting directly with senior leaders in the DoD or intelligence community
3+ years of experience with performing all-source intelligence analysis
Must have Cyber experience.
Experience with writing intelligence products (white papers, power points, slide deck, etc.)
Ability to perform shift work on a schedule, including nights and weekends
Ability to quickly write clear, concise summaries and brief on national security topics
TS/SCI clearance required (CI Poly Preferred) #AvantusClearedJob
BA or BS degree
Preferred Qualifications:
Preferred CI Poly or ability to obtain.
Experience with analysis on foreign military forces and their capabilities
Company EEO Statement:

Avantus Federal is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other category protected by law. Avantus hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled."	3701	Washington
