job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Project Manager III (VA)	MPIRE Technology Group, Inc.	Chantilly, VA	None	MPIRE Technology Group, Inc. is seeking a Project Manager for our client in Chantilly, VA. Candidate will be responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provide a single point of contact for those projects. They will take projects from original concept through final implementation, while also interacting with all areas affected by the project including end users, clients, and other internal/external stakeholders.Responsibilities will include: Defines project scope and objectives.Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports.Conduct project meetings and project tracking and analysis.Ensures adherence to quality standards and reviews project deliverables.Manages the integration of subcontractor tasks and tracks and reviews subcontractor deliverables, as applicable.Oversees the efforts of direct reporting resources and/or is responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific project.Track milestones and make adjustments as necessary.Utilize and implement project management methodologies that ensures projects are delivered on time, on budget, adhere to a high-quality standard, and meet customer’s requirements.Requirements: 5+ years’ experience in project management or related field.Experience in agile development, agile coaching, and project management.Experience with managing software application development projects of various sizes, including client interaction and meeting facilitation.Experience defining project scope, developing work plans and project schedules, preparing project estimates, developing resource plans, and compiling project status reports.Extensive experience reviewing software documentation such as requirements specifications, design documents, manuals, test plans/cases, test scripts and test reports.Proficient in SharePoint and Microsoft Excel.Knowledge of Agile/Scrum processes and management tools such as Jira or VersionOne.Experience training/mentoring junior level personnel.Excellent written and communication skills.Certified Scrum MasterAbility to obtain and maintain a public trust clearance.Nice to Have: Project Management Professional (PMP).Experience: Senior Level (10+ years)Education: BA/BS in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related discipline is preferred.About Us: MPIRE Technology Group Inc. (MTG) is Small Business that was founded in Virginia. The company offers information technology services consulting and systems integration. Our core offerings include Software Development, IT/Engineering Support and Cyber Security. MPIRE Technology Group’s technical staff has extensive experience managing and executing the full life cycle of IT infrastructure and development projects. Our teams work alongside their clients helping them to achieve their specific objectives. Our clients continue to use our services because of our high quality of work and our company values.Our Benefits: Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offProfessional development assistanceMPIRE Technology Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.We are not currently working with 3rd parties. We are not currently providing sponsorship.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $1.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Project management: 10 years (Required)Agile: 1 year (Preferred)WBS: 1 year (Preferred)project estimating: 1 year (Preferred)project plans: 1 year (Preferred)sharepoint: 1 year (Preferred)MS Project: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Certified Scrum Master (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	469	Washington
Sr IT Project Manager	Johns Hopkins Health Care	Hanover, MD 21076	None	"Sr IT Project Manager
Requisition #: 331324
Location: Johns Hopkins Health Care, Hanover, MD 21076

Category: Non-Clinical Professional
Work Shift: Day Shift
Work Week: Full Time
Weekend Work Required: No
Date Posted: May 10, 2021
Johns Hopkins HealthCare (JHHC) is the managed care and health services business of Johns Hopkins Medicine, one of the premier health delivery, academic, and research institutions in the United States. JHHC is a $2.5B business serving over 400,000 lives with lines of business in Medicaid, Medicare, commercial, military health, health solutions, and venture investments. JHHC has become a leader in provider-sponsored health plans and is poised for future growth.
Many organizations talk about transforming the future of healthcare, Johns Hopkins HealthCare is actually doing it. We develop innovative, analytics-driven health programs in collaboration with provider partners to drive improved quality and better health outcomes for the members and communities we serve. If you are interested in improving how healthcare is delivered, join the JHHC team.
Position Summary:

Must be familiar with all administrative aspects of operations. The Project Manager will be responsible for project management and identification, development and implementation, including providing staff support in planning and managing departmental and organizational initiatives and administrative projects. Facilitates information exchange between JHHC senior management and departments, Johns Hopkins Medicine (JHM) entities, vendors/consultants and outside agencies.
The Project Manger II & III job function is responsible for the management of one or more projects within the IT Department. The project manager will drive projects from original concept through final implementation. The PM will also develop detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Projects may span two or more organizational boundaries and follow Traditional or Agile project management practices. The PM will primarily focus on initiatives that help to run and grow the business.

Task requirements for position:

The Project Manager III is responsible for significant, enterprise-wide projects, typically with large budgets, sizeable project teams and a cross-functional team of stakeholders. The project manager III will lead the design, testing, planning, and implementation of complex projects for systems that result in a transformation of our business and business processes. The Project Manager III will engage with an array of stakeholders, such as the projects' business sponsors, business analysts, enterprise architects, resource managers, contractor project managers and program managers.

Requirements:
Education:
A Bachelor’s Degree in Business in Health Administration, Project Management or related degree is required; a Master’s Degree is preferred. Related work experience may be substituted for some educational requirements.


B. Knowledge:
Payment Integrity experience is preferred. Knowledge of project management, financial analysis, and business/strategic planning is required. Knowledge of Quality Management, Planning and Administrative theory, and Customer Service Theory is preferred. Knowledge and experience related to project management and implementation of strategic initiatives.


C. Skills:
High level of interpersonal skill, written and oral communication necessary to interface with various levels of management. Ability to work independently and meet scheduled time frames; manage multiple projects simultaneously; and prepare oral and/or written presentations to senior management. Ability to compile and coordinate high quality reports, proposals and written work product for customers. Must have high level of spreadsheet, database, presentation, and project scheduling and word processing software skills. High level of meeting management, computer, teaching and training, organization and time management, High level of leadership/facilitation skills. High level of analytical ability necessary to identify and illustrate relationships among activities, recommend courses of action based on making choices among alternative and design recommended.


D. Required Licensure, Certification, Etc.:
Professional (PMP) or equivalent project/program management certification preferred


E. Work Experience:
Project Manager II
Minimum of 3 years of experience in Business, program development and/or project development/management preferably in health insurance is required.
Minimum of 1 years working on projects involving project life cycle.
Experience in managing projects in Functional Environment is a plus.
The ability to use PMIS to plan a project with tasks, efforts, and resources.
Project Manager III
In addition to Project Manager II required experience:
Minimum three (3) years providing project or team leadership
Minimum three (3) years’ experience working on project(s) involving project life cycle methodologies
Minimum three (3) years’ experience managing project budgets


F. Machines, Tools, Equipment:
Computer, electronic mail, telephone systems, general office and communication equipment


Dimensions:
A. Budget Responsibility:
Fiscal awareness makes appropriate recommendations for equipment, supplies, etc. Effectively utilize resources within control and budget. Tracks budget associated with projects.


B. Authority/Decision Making Level:
Manage work independently. Arranges daily schedule to meet customer and project needs. Works within JHM decision-making hierarchy. Escalates within the organization as needed.


C. Supervisory Responsibility:
May delegate to others on project team


Problem Solving:
Ability to assess, plan and implement projects. Awareness of need for timely communication, able to identify potential barriers and strategies, and able to synthesize and integrate information. Able to offer unique solutions, and fresh approach to inspire team members to pursue non-traditional methods when appropriate.


Information Management:
Able to read and interpret variety of reports. Ability to input, manage and extract reports and other information. Knowledge of Microsoft Sharepoint for documentation and project planning purposes is beneficial.


Working Conditions:
Works in a normal office environment where there are no physical discomforts due to temperature, noise, dust, etc. Work is sedentary in nature and requires frequent computer usage

Johns Hopkins Health System and its affiliates are Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, sex, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, and or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law."	469	Washington
Desktop Engineer (ISD Engineer II/III)	Navy Federal Credit Union	Vienna, VA 22180	None	"YOUR LIFE'S MISSION: POSSIBLE

You have goals, dreams, hobbies and things you’re passionate about.
What’s Important to You Is Important to Us
We’re looking for people who not only want to do meaningful, challenging work, keep their skills sharp and move ahead, but who also take time for the things that matter to them—friends, family and passions. And we're looking for team members who are passionate about our mission—making a difference in military members' and their families' lives. Together, we can make it happen.
Don’t take our word for it.
FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®
Computerworld® Best Places to Work in IT
FORTUNE® Best Workplaces for Millennials
Forbes® America’s Best Employers
IND123

Basic Purpose

To create, test, and publish software application packages intended for automated distribution throughout the enterprise desktop environment. To provide engineering and technical support for projects. Develop and maintain working knowledge of evolving desktop software packaging technologies, concepts, and trends.

Basic Responsibilities

Perform engineering tasks and project assignments in support of business needsPerform engineering technology research, procurement, deployment, and configuration for new and modified systemsPresent clear, organized and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effective business decisionsWork on projects of varied scopeDevelop and maintain internal engineering documentationOn-call rotation on a 10 week cycleAdhere to internal process and detailed procedures to support engineering functionsParticipate in small project and ad hoc tasksTier III support responsibilities for 17,000+ customers and 23,000+ desktop end-pointsPresent clear, organized and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effectivebusiness decisionsPerform other duties as assigned

Required Qualifications:

Knowledge with concepts and technologies for application software packaging and distributionStrong desktop administration and troubleshooting skillsWillingness to learn new system functions and concepts related to desktop software packagingStrong PowerShell Scripting skills to resolve specific desktop problemsGeneral understanding of how SCCM functions and apply sound troubleshooting techniquesEffective communication and documentation skills in order to write technical and end-user documentationEffective organizational, planning and time management skillsEffective research, analytical, and problem solving skillsEffective skill exercising initiative and using good judgment to make sound decisionsEffective ability to exercise initiative, produce desired results, and achieve objectivesProven skillset in troubleshooting and resolving desktop software application defectsCapable of working on multiple projects and adapting to frequent changing requirements, priorities, and procedures

Desired Qualifications:

Can provide technical guidance in software engineering techniques and automated support tools.Strong understanding and working experience with Windows desktop platforms, Win7/Win10Strong knowledge of packaging tools such as Flexara AdminStudio. Install Shield and Microsoft App-V Sequencer, App-LayeringStrong knowledge of System System Configuration Manager 2012Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Information Technology or the equivalent combination of training and work experience

Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 4:30pm

Locations:
820 Follin Lane, Vienna, VA 22180
5550 Heritage Oaks Drive, Pensacola, FL 32526
141 Security Drive, Winchester, VA 22602

Saraly range: - $74,100 - $139,400

*Due to COVID-19 and social distancing, this position will be temporarily working from home with plans to return to campus at the desired location listed once Navy Federal is back to normal operations. The specific logistics for returning to campus will be determined at a future date by individual leadership*

Equal Employment Opportunity

Navy Federal values, celebrates, and enacts diversity in the workplace. Navy Federal takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans. EOE/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability

Disclaimer

Navy Federal reserves the right to fill this role at a higher/lower grade level based on business need. An assessment may be required to compete for this position.

Bank Secrecy Act

Remains cognizant of and adheres to Navy Federal policies and procedures, and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act."	469	Washington
Project Manager III	Peraton	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.

Qualifications

Requires BA/BS with 10 years of experience with at least 4 years of management level responsibility. Incumbent has specialized knowledge in at least one area of expertise and a general knowledge in 1-2 other areas.
TS/SCI w/Polygraph

Responsibilities

Responsible for the performance of relatively small technical projects or a definable portion of a larger technical program in accordance with contract requirements and company policies, procedures and guidelines. Directs and supervises all support resources for the performance of project assignments and activities. Manages the technical direction of a project through the design, implementation, and testing in accordance with project objectives. Also responsible for acquiring follow-on business associated with assigned projects and for supporting new business development by leading relatively small proposals or assisting with major proposals. Responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provides a single point of contact for those projects. Takes projects from original concept through final implementation. Interfaces with all areas affected by the project including end users, computer services, and client services. Defines project scope and objectives. Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Conducts project meetings and is responsible for project tracking and analysis. Ensures adherence to quality standards and reviews project deliverables. Manages the integration of vendor tasks and tracks and reviews vendor deliverables. Provides technical and analytical guidance to project team. Recommends and takes action to direct the analysis and solutions of problems. May assist in the management of a business unit or department or is at an entry level in management of such under the close supervision of the Division or Program Director. Manages one or more programs. May supervise professional and technical personnel performing in their regular disciplines. May participate in the development and execution of budgets, sales and marketing plans and other strategic tools. Participates in driving initiatives for achieving established objectives. May serve as the primary or assistant technical and management interface for the company, customer, and senior staff. Provides management services including general administrative oversight, time accounting. financial tracking, cost projection, inventory management, personnel evaluation and support. Responsible for the preparation of and accountability for all contract deliverables. Responsible for assisting in the technical leadership and direction to a multidisciplinary staff. Develop and operate a variety of technical systems related to the specific job function. Specify systems requirements and insure that completed systems meet requirements. Support data acquisition process control. Prepares and approves Standard Operating Procedures, Protocols and other technical documentation. Able to supervise, manage, support and evaluate personnel."	469	Washington
Project Manager Level III	InTec, LLC	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	None	"Overview:

The DHS Science and Technology (S&T) Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) requires professional technical support services to assist its various organizations, missions, functions, and objectives enabling DHS S&T to facilitate research and development, test and evaluation, and scientific knowledge and technological transfers to the DHS Operational Components. DHS S&T requires this support to maintain and evolve its organization. These services will support the following functions within DHS S&T: strategic planning and performance management, budget formulation, budget execution, policy and procedure development, financial management, procurement management, administrative support, human capital management, physical, personnel and information security management, real and personal property management (to include fleet), facilities management, records management, mail management, subscriptions, occupational safety and health, environmental and energy management, environmental planning and historic management communications planning, conference/event planning, travel management, network, systems and applications engineering, information assurance, IT governance, operations, and maintenance.
Responsibilities:
Serves as the project manager for a large, complex task order (or a group of task orders affecting the same common/standard/migration system) and shall assist the Program Manager in working with the Government Contracting Officer (CO), the task order-level Task Managers (TM), Government management personnel and customer agency representatives.
Under the guidance of the Program Manager, responsible for the overall management of the specific task order(s) and ensuring that the technical solutions and
schedules in the task order are implemented in a timely manner.
Performs enterprise wide horizontal integration planning and interfaces to other functional systems, including the development of conceptual systems requirements; systems integration requirements; systems phasing plan; business application consultation; problem tracking/management; and preparation and delivery of presentations.

Qualifications:
Project Management Professional (PMP);
15+ years performing project management support services in a supervisory and/or leadership role.
 InTec, LLC is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in Northern Virginia. Our mission is to provide high quality, cost effective solutions that will provide long term value to our customers and the Nation. InTec Management believes our employees’ welfare is paramount to good business and so provides a compensation and benefits package which reflects our corporate policy and befits our seasoned professionals. InTec is an Equal Opportunity Employer"	469	Washington
IT Project Manager (PROJMGT)	US Office of Inspector General	Alexandria, VA	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is with Department of Defense (DoD) Office of Inspector General (OIG), Mission Support Team (MST) Component.

This job will close when we have received 100 applications which may be sooner than the closing date.
Responsibilities
Position located within the Strategic Planning and Performance Directorate, supporting the Defense Case Activity Tracking System (D-CATS) Program Management Office.
Supports oversight of a Level III Defense Business System and Department of Defense-wide enterprise application that offers case management capabilities to applicable investigation communities.
Assists in implementation of Agile software development methodologies and Scrum/SAFe frameworks, with industry leading business partners, as well as forward-leaning hosting and support service solutions.
Background in Microsoft Dynamics Customer Relationship Management, SharePoint, SQL, MIM, and other Microsoft technologies desired.
DevSecOps, SmartBear TestComplete (application administration and implementation within on/off-premise environments), data migration, and DoD OIG organizational knowledge are beneficial.
Facilitates customer engagements, requirements elicitation and decomposition, and their transition into production-ready products.
Collaborates with peer organizational entities, including Chief Information Officer personnel, enhancing operational support functions.
Ensures compliance with Business Capability Acquisition Cycle and Software Development Life-Cycle standards, supporting D-CATSe across sustainment, development, and to-be capability support activities.
Plans, directs, and coordinates IT projects to ensure established milestones are accomplished on time, within prescribed funding parameters, and in accordance with client business objectives.
Serves as Contracting Officer's Technical Representative for IT Support Service contracts; assists in developing contract requirements and specifications while monitoring compliance.
Candidate to operate within a cross-functional and high trust organization, where innovation and value-stream adherence is prioritized.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel 10% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
The incumbent must adhere to the DoD Standards of Conduct.
Ability to acquire and maintain an Information Assurance Technical (IAT) Level I certification to meet DoD Information Assurance Work Force requirements.
U.S. Citizenship or National
Suitable for Federal Employment
Registered for Selective Service (if applicable)
This national security position, which may require access to classified information, requires a favorable suitability review and security clearance as a condition of employment. Failure to maintain security eligibility may result in termination.
Position has been designated as Non-Critical Sensitive; incumbent is required to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
If you have not previously completed a probationary period with the Federal government in a similar position, you will be required to serve a two-year probationary period.
Incumbent is required to submit to urinalysis to screen for illegal drug use prior to appointment and is subject to random drug testing for the duration of service with DoD OIG.
Current DoD civilian employees are not required to submit to drug testing if moving from one Testing Designated Position (TDP) to another with no break in service, unless deemed appropriate on a case-by-case basis.
This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies within 90 calendar days of the initial issue date of the referral list.
Position(s) may be filled by displaced Department of Defense (DoD) employees through the Priority Placement Program.
All qualifications and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
Qualifications
To meet the basic requirements, you must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the next lower grade level.

GS-13
You must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the GS-12 grade level: Specialized Experience is defined as: Must have experience managing projects in the field of Information Technology. Must have knowledge in identifying and analyzing customer requirements, developing a business case, and conducting cost benefit analysis. Must have demonstrated experience developing, modifying, and implementing.

Volunteer Experience: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
Education is not substitutable for specialized experience for this grade level.
Additional information
Competitive wages, flexible schedules and one of the most comprehensive benefits packages found in either government or private sector. These extraordinary benefits encompass health, pay, work/life balance, growth & learning.
Moving expenses will not be paid.
Selections are subject to restrictions resulting from the DoD Program for Stability of Civilian Employment.
A two year probationary period may be required.
Telework availability will be based upon the mission requirements and supervisory determination.
We may use this announcement to fill additional vacancies within 90 days of the closing date.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or be exempt from Selective Service (see http://www.sss.gov)
Retired Civil Service Employee: Employment of retired Federal employees receiving an annuity is subject to the requirements of the Department of Defense (DoD) policy guidance. (See DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 300, at https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf.)
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): Applicants must be well-qualified, which is defined as meeting all of the minimum qualification standards and eligibility requirements as well as possessing skills that clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position established by the Best Qualified category definition.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Pay for first time hires to the Federal Government will typically be set at step 1 salary range for their respective grade level.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
IMPORTANT NOTE - YOU MUST FOLLOW ALL APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY. ERRORS OR OMISSIONS MAY AFFECT YOUR RATING.
Your resume and supporting documentation will be reviewed to determine if you meet the minimum qualification requirements for the position. Under the provisions of the Direct-Hire Authority (DHA), rating, ranking and veterans preference does not apply; therefore, your responses to the questionnaire will not be used to determine a scored rating. All applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements, as defined in the job opportunity announcement, will be referred for selection consideration. While veterans' preference does not apply in DHA, preference eligible are encouraged to submit their supporting documentation (DD-214 stating disposition of discharge or character of service, VA letter, SF-15, etc.)During further evaluation, you may be asked to provide additional information or participate in other methods of assessment, such as structured interviews. Individuals who are subject matter experts in the requirements of this position may participate in further evaluations. Your responses will be carefully reviewed and must be supported by factual information in your resume. Inflating or otherwise enhancing your qualifications and errors or omissions may result in lowering your self-rated level or loss of further consideration.
The Assessment Questionnaire takes approximately 15 minutes to complete and collects information on your education, training and experience related to the following critical competencies:

Communication
Contracting/Procurement
Information Technology Life Cycle Management
Information Technology Policy and Planning
Information Technology Program Management
Program Evaluation
Project Management
You can preview the Assessment Questionnaire here: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11140425

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
You must provide a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Resume: You are encouraged to choose only ONE method of submitting your resume. (HR will review the resume that the system date stamps as the latest one received and this may not be the resume, which best reflects your qualifications for the job and may result in an ineligible rating.) You may submit your resume by: attaching in your USAJOBS account. For assistance in preparing your resume, take a look at the DFAS Resume Tools.
2. Complete Assessment Questionnaire: Your resume must describe the quality of work in regards to responses to the occupational self-assessment questionnaire as they generate your numerical rating.
3. Other Supporting Documents.

The following supporting documents are ONLY required if applicable to your personal qualifications or status. They must be received by the closing date of the announcement or at the time of application if applying to an announcement with an extended closing date.

1. Transcripts and/or Certifications: All applicants to include current agency employees, must submit proof of education if the job announcement requires education to meet the basic qualification requirements, or if substituting education to meet the specialized experience requirements. Many applicants must also submit documentation for proof of meeting the basic education requirement. For additional information on acceptable documents, click here Transcripts and Certifications. All applicants to include current agency employees/contractors must also document your education and/or certifications in your resume. To be creditable, education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
2. Cover Letter: You may submit a cover letter which will be forwarded to the selecting official with your resume. Your cover letter will not be used to verify your qualifications or determine eligibility for preference.
3. ICTAP Eligibles: A copy of the RIF separation notice and SF-50 if available.

WARNING: Failure to submit a complete application package including any required documentation by 11:59 PM (EST) on 06/24/2021, or at the time of application for announcements with an extended closing date, may result in an ineligible rating and loss of consideration. To verify that your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select Application Status and More Information. The Details page will display the status of your application. It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered, uploaded, or faxed is received, legible and accurate. HR will not modify answers submitted by an applicant.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All US citizens. Applicants will not be rated or ranked. Veteran's Preference does NOT apply under the Direct Hire Authority (DHA)."	469	Washington
Project Manager III	Chenega Corporation	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"Overview:

Come join a company that strives for Extraordinary People and Exceptional Performance! Chenega Enterprise Systems and Solutions, LLC., a Chenega Professional Services’ company, is looking for a Project Manager to lead company efforts with the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) for Information Technology (IT) & Expert Consultation Support Services.
This role will perform project management functions for special projects and initiatives relevant to ensuring the operational readiness of an IT enterprise. The PM will ensure all projects are delivered in adherence to project scope, schedules, and budget. The PM is responsible for exercising leadership, maintaining high morale, and directing the performance of all personnel assigned to the PM’s Team.
Responsibilities:

What you will be doing:
Ensure all projects are delivered in adherence to project scope, schedules, and budget.
Responsible for exercising leadership, maintaining high morale, and directing the performance of all personnel assigned to the PM’s Team.
Communicate with the Contracting Officer Representative (COR), Government Technical Monitors (GTM), Chenega Supervisors and Team Members frequently regarding the overall performance and status of all projects.
Responsible for day-to-day activities and performance monitoring
Performs in compliance with internal business and DEA standards, policies, and procedures
Holds staff accountable to performance standards
Hiring manager for project team in the event of attrition
Applies Agile project management best practices
Other duties as assigned
Qualifications:

What is required:
Bachelor’s Degree
Minimum of 5 years relevant work experience
Active Secret clearance"	469	Washington
E T Consultant	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12402

Organization: World Bank

Sector: Energy

Grade: EC2

Term Duration: 1 year 0 months

Recruitment Type: Local Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 7/5/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189-member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. For more information, visit www.worldbank.org

UNIT CONTEXT

The World Bank Group (WBG) supports the Sustainable Energy for All initiative and is committed to working towards accomplishing the initiative's three goals by 2030: i) universal access to electricity and clean cooking fuels; ii) doubling the share of the world's energy supplied by renewable sources from 18 percent to 36 percent, and iii) doubling the rate of improvement in energy efficiency.


The Energy & Extractives (EEX) Global Practice (GP) focuses on: providing affordable, reliable and sustainable energy to meet the needs of fast-growing economies and to ensure universal access to modern energy services for people in client countries; and, strengthening policy and institutional frameworks to promote transparent and equitable growth of the extractives sectors for public benefit. There is a strong emphasis on private sector resource mobilization and catalyzing financing from commercial and other sources of development and climate finance.

The Africa Energy Program is growing rapidly, covering reforms (sector and corporate governance, energy security and the environment, regional energy trade, public-private partnerships, energy efficiency, etc.) and investment support in power generation, power and gas transmission and distribution, rural energy services, renewable energy development, low-carbon and climate friendly initiatives. The Program uses a variety of instruments, including investment lending, guarantees for public private partnerships, and development policy lending. In addition, the team manages a strong knowledge agenda to inform the policy dialogue in the sector. The Africa energy sector grouping consists of four Units: (i) East and Southern Africa (ii) Francophone Africa (iii) Central Africa and anglophone West Africa, and (iv) Central and Southern Africa. Each of the four Units is managed by a Practice Manager.

Regional integration and trade are an important pillar of World Bank’s energy sector engagement in Sub-Saharan Africa and the Bank supports the four power pools established in different sub-regions of Africa. One of these power pools, the Eastern Africa Power Pool (EAPP), was established in 2005 with a mandate to promote, coordinate and expand power trade in Eastern Africa. As some of the countries of Eastern Africa are emerging as major exporters and as critical interconnectors are under development, there is an urgent need to ensure operational and commercial readiness for trade and capacity building at both national and regional levels. World Bank supports regional integration in Eastern Africa through investments and technical assistance.


The East Africa unit (IAEE1) seeks an Extended Term Consultant (ETC) based in Washington to support the unit’s operational and advisory work in Ethiopia and other countries in Eastern Africa, as needed, with focus on the preparation and implementation of the Horn of Africa Regional Integration of Sustainable Energy Supply (HoA RISES) Project.

DUTIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES
The ETC responsibilities as a member of the team will include:Participate in the design, preparation and implementation of investment operations including the key cross-cutting issues such as gender, climate change, and citizen engagement etc,Support the design, preparation and implementation of sector strategies, studies, analytical work, policy work, and advisory activities as appropriate,Assist task team leaders in task planning, budget planning and management, project monitoring, and internal and external project coordination,Support the planning and preparation of missions, including mission schedule and materials such as meeting notes, briefings, aide-mémoires etc.,Support the task team leaders in monitoring and managing short-term consultants contracts and deliverables,Liaise with and support teams from other GPs of the World Bank and external stakeholders as the Bank engagement calls for,Prepare proposals, analysis and other relevant documents to support fund raising needed to support project preparation and implementation,Prepare progress reports for the existing trust funds, and monitor and manage trust funds in line with the trust fund administration requirements,Prepare dissemination material related to project design and preparation, including power point presentations, briefs and other relevant WB internal and external communication materials.
Selection Criteria
A Masters’ level degree in engineering, energy planning, finance, economics, business administration or equivalent areas;At least five years of relevant experience in the energy sector with demonstrated ability to engage credibly on a range of issues in developing countries;Operational experience in at least one of the following areas: energy access; transmission and distribution; energy finance and economics; clean cooking; regional integration; etc.Work experience in Sub-Saharan Africa would be desirable;Hands-on project management experience, a flair for problem-solving and an ability to self-navigate through complex bureaucratic environments;Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to build strong partnerships with clients, different stakeholders and colleagues across units and departmental boundaries in a multi-cultural environment with virtual teams located in different countries;Good written and oral communication skills in English is required, including an ability to communicate complex issues in simple terms and to engage in evidence-based dialogue with clients.

The WBG Core CompetenciesLead and Innovate – Develops innovative solutions.Deliver Results for Clients – Proactively addresses client’s stated and unstated needs.Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries – Collaborates across boundaries, gives own perspective and willingly receives diverse perspectives.Create, Apply and Share Knowledge – Applies knowledge across WBG to strengthen solutions for internal and/or external clients.Make Smart Decisions – Interprets a wide range of information

Other CompetenciesUtility Finance — In-depth understanding of financial modeling and financial accounting of infrastructure service providers.Energy Economics — In-depth understanding of economic modeling and assessment of infrastructure investments, energy pricing, and energy sector policy.Energy Sector Technologies – In-depth understanding of at least one area: hydrocarbon, power generation, transmission and distribution, renewables, energy efficiency, low carbon strategies, etc.Energy Policy, Strategy and Institutions – Familiarity with energy policies, strategies, institutions, and regulations.Knowledge and Experience in Development Arena – Understands policy making process; distills operationally relevant recommendations/lessons for clients.Policy Dialogue Skills – Identifies and assesses policy issues and plays an active role in the dialogue with the government and/or other stakeholders.Integrative Skills – Working to develop an integrated view across all facets of current sector.
Note: The selected candidate will be offered a one-year appointment, renewable for an additional one year, at the discretion of the World Bank Group, and subject to a lifetime maximum ET Appointment of two years. If an ET appointment ends before a full year, it is considered as a full year toward the lifetime maximum. Former and current ET staff who have completed all or any portion of their second-year ET appointment are not eligible for future ET appointments.

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria, VA	Alexandria, VA 22304 (Seminary Hill area)	$101,757 - $184,411 a year	"Purchasing Agent

The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead.

An Overview
Alexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists.

The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division.

What You Should Bring
The ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City.

The Opportunity – Examples of Work
Directs work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;
Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;
Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;
Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;
Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;
Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;
Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;
Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;
Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;
Performs other duties, as assigned.

About The Department
The City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows:
The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;
The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;
The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;
The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;
The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;
The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; and
The Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis.

Minimum and Additional Requirements
At least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities.

Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment.

To Apply
For consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials.

Notes
This position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Senior Health Specialist	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12296

Organization: World Bank

Sector: Health/Nutrition/Population

Grade: GG

Term Duration: 4 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 6/25/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. For more information, www.worldbank.org

GLOBAL: Health, Nutrition and Population (HNP) Global Practice Context:

The central contribution of the HNP Global Practice to the World Bank’s twin goals is to enable the achievement of Universal Health Coverage (UHC), in which all people are effectively covered by essential health services, and nobody suffers undue financial hardship because of illnesses. The HNP Global Practice includes staff members in Washington, DC and many country offices. The HNP Global Practice works with and across multiple sectors, in recognition of the fact that HNP outcomes often depend on actions that lie outside the HNP sector. The HNP Global Practice supports country and regional efforts to: (i) improve health outcomes, especially for the poor and most vulnerable; (ii) expand access to high-quality HNP services, interventions and technologies that give the most value for money; (iii) strengthen health systems for results; (iv) establish and improve health financing mechanisms that promote efficiency, equity and sustainability of investments; (v) strengthen heath-relevant institutions within and outside the health sector; (vi) harness multisectoral policies and investments for better health outcomes; and (vii) develop and learn from rigorous impact evaluations.
https://worldbankgroup.sharepoint.com/sites/health/pages/home.aspx
Regional context: SOUTH ASIA:

The South Asia Region (SAR) has the largest concentration of poor people of any region, home to 2 billion people with over 1 billion living under $2/day. It has had high growth of 6 percent average annual rate in the last 20 years, despite its poverty, conflict, and instability. The WBG is and will continue to be a key development partner in South Asia. The South Asia Region (SAR) strategy is based on three pillars which are promoting growth, enhancing social inclusion, and strengthening climate/environment.

The South Asia Region:
https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/sar

Unit Context: SOUTH ASIA HEALTH (HSAHN):

South Asia has been the fastest-growing region in the world in recent years. This has led to impressive declines in poverty and to improvements in key HNP outcomes such as life expectancy and under-five mortality rates; with the right facilitative policies in place, most countries in the region are poised to reap a potential demographic dividend. Nevertheless, key challenges remain and new ones are emergent across the region: inequalities remain large and persistent, malnutrition remains a huge problem, financing for health remains largely out-of-pocket, and health systems are ill-equipped to face a growing burden from non-communicable diseases and from new risk factors related to urbanization and air pollution.

The Bank has an active and growing portfolio in the region, with lending operations, technical assistance, and analytical work focusing on improving health financing, service delivery, and governance both from within the sector and via support for multi-sectoral engagement. The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted South Asia's major weaknesses in public health, including disease surveillance and diagnostics, as well as in health service delivery in terms of quality of care and surge capacity.

HNP has mobilized to assist all 8 countries in South Asia (including all HSAHN’s countries: Afghanistan, India, Sri Lanka, and Maldives) with its initial COVID-19 emergency response and essential systems strengthening. It is working now to help governments' shape their COVID-19 vaccine procurement and deployment strategies as an important next phase to the pandemic response.

The HSAHN team includes around 26 staff based in SAR countries and Washington DC. To strengthen the team, the WBG is recruiting a Senior Health Specialist based in Washington DC. The Senior Health Specialist will support the World Bank’s HNP portfolio, including the ongoing policy dialogue with Government counterparts and partners, preparation of analytical products, and the preparation and supervision of operations in the sector, as well as engagement on the broader human capital agenda,.
http://sarhnp.worldbank.org/
This vacancy is for a highly motivated individual to join the HSAHN Washington DC-based HNP team as a Senior Health Specialist in South Asia.

Duties & Responsibilities:

The Senior Health Specialist will report to the HSAHN Practice manager in Washington DC and will be responsible for the following tasks and duties in the South Asia Region, and potentially other regions as well:

Lead HNP and/or Human Capital-related operations under preparation or implementation as required, as well as contribute to the preparation and implementation support of such lending operations.

Lead and/or contribute to policy dialogue with government counterparts - including at the national and sub-national levels - and with other relevant stakeholders.

Lead and/or contribute to high-quality analytical and advisory services tasks related to different aspects of health sector performance, demographic changes, human capital including issues of adolescent girls’ and women’s empowerment, household survey data analytics, and related topics in the South Asian context.

Help the team with building and maintaining partnerships and networks within the Bank (in HNP as well as other sectors) and with external development partners and think-tanks.

Contribute to analytical and advisory services tasks related to health systems strengthening, addressing public health challenges, linking health to broader human development topics, and/or related topics in the South Asia context.

Support the monitoring and evaluation of projects, and reporting and coordination relationships with development partners.

Participate in and contribute to technical assistance work to support relevant capacity-building activities including workshops, seminars, etc.

Respond to ad hoc information requests from internal and external parties.

Selection Criteria
Graduate degree in public health, demographics, health economics, health policy, epidemiology, health system administration or professional degree (medicine, nursing) (Master’s degree required, PhD or equivalent would be an asset). Candidates without a core qualification in at least one of these domains need not apply.
Minimum of 8 years of relevant professional experience and prior experience with planning implementation, monitoring and evaluation of health, health system strengthening, health financing, or health service delivery projects is required.
Significant experience working on cross-sectoral issues, in particular human capital and/or women and girls’ empowerment, is an advantage.
Experience working in LICS or MICS, in South Asia, and/or in an international development institution is an advantage.
Demonstrated ability to think strategically, rapidly analyze diverse information from varied sources, prepare documents on complex subjects, speak and write persuasively, and present ideas clearly and concisely.
A proven track record of high standards/accountability for work products, meeting deadlines, an ability to prioritize tasks within his/her work program and strategies for working collectively with others on the team to deliver products of the highest caliber.
Demonstrated ability for teamwork in a multicultural environment.
Experience working on WBG funded projects and familiarity with WBG operations, policies, and procedures is an advantage.
Excellent oral and written communications skills is essential with ability to prepare documents on complex subjects, speak and write persuasively, and present ideas clearly and concisely.

In addition to the above, the successful candidate is expected to demonstrate the following WBG competencies:

Competencies

Integrative Skills - Understands core issues and knows where to get additional expertise when needed. Task team member in integrative products and provides analytical written inputs.
Knowledge and Experience in Development Arena - Understands policy making process and role of the health sector in that process. Is able to find relevant information and examine similar policy questions in multiple regions and to distill operationally relevant recommendations and lessons from this analysis for clients.
Policy Dialogue Skills - Identifies and assesses policy issues and communicates findings/points of view verbally and through economic reports and papers. Plays an active role in the dialogue with the government and/or other stakeholders as part of Bank teams.
Lead and Innovate: Encourages and works with others to identify and implement relevant solutions. Identifies opportunities in changing circumstances and energizes others to continuously improve, using intentional strategies to boost morale, team spirit, and productivity in context of WBG's values and mission. Helps others to understand problems, client needs and the underlying context. Ability to adapt to changing circumstances.
Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries: Collaborates across organizational boundaries, internally and externally with a sense of mutuality and respect. Consistently engages others in open dialogue, brings out any conflicting viewpoints and incorporates viewpoints into solutions, giving credit where credit is due. Leverages expertise of all team members to ensure successful outcomes. Shows leadership in ensuring the team stays organized and focused, and actively seeks and considers diverse ideas and approaches.
Create, Apply and Share Knowledge: Ensures systematic sharing of good practice and learning from lessons from across WBG, clients, and partners. Is known across WBG in their subject area and is sought out by WBG colleagues to advise, peer review, or contribute to knowledge products of others. Seeks mentoring opportunities with more experienced staff to deepen or strengthen their professional knowledge and mentors junior staff. Leads in the sharing of best practice, knowledge and lessons learned across units and with clients and partners, articulating ideas verbally and in writing in a clear and compelling way across audiences of varied levels.
Make Smart Decisions: Applies critical thinking and seeks inputs and experience from others to recommend a course of action consistent with the WBG's strategy. Evaluates risk and anticipates the short and long term implications of decisions.
Client Orientation - Maintains client relationships in the face of conflicting demands or directions and provides evidence-based advice and solutions based on sound diagnosis and knowledge.
Drive for Results - Identifies the needed resources to accomplish results involving multiple stakeholders and finds solutions to obstacles affecting key deliverables.
Teamwork (Collaboration) and Inclusion - Shows leadership in ensuring the team stays organized and focused, and actively seeks and considers diverse ideas and approaches.
Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	469	Washington
Logistician	R&P Technologies, LLC	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	None	"Overview:

R&P is looking for a Logistician (Mid) to provide PMS product support/logistics engineering analysis and planning. Logisticians integrate the spectrum of the logistics processes within the operational, acquisition and wholesale environments. Logisticians are responsible for directing the integrated logistics process, developing support policies, procedures and systems, and providing implementation guidance. The Logistician prepares and implements directives to ensure effective logistics support and establishes and enforces standards to ensure that the assigned work force is properly trained and equipped. It is the Logistician's duty to develop, initiate, integrate and manage all logistics actions associated with life cycle management of weapon systems, subsystems and equipment.
Responsibilities:
Support Military Construction efforts and facilitate information flow between PMS 515 and CNIC/NAVFAC.
Develop Life Cycle Sustainment Planning documentation IAW DoD 5000.02 guidance for Performance Based organizations. Understand and identify critical availability, mission success, and cost allocations to decompose across sustainment organizations (Product Support Integrators) and contractors (Product Support Providers)
Develop platform acquisition, fleet introduction, and sustainment work breakdowns across supportability and integration events, and manage over system life-cycle. Identify ground rules and assumptions for determining operating and sustainment costs, and how these costs should be allocated down to product support integrators.
Develop weapon system supportability analyses using SAE TA-STD-0017 or MIL-STD-1388.2B and MIL-HDBK-502 as guides; develop and implement Life Cycle Sustainment Plans (LCSP) and Product Support Business Case Analyses (BCAs).
Develop/update acquisition strategies and life cycle sustainment plans that articulate programmatic tactics to achieve overarching strategic objectives.

Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree with 5 years of experience or a High School diploma with 10 years of experience
Familiar with Naval Logistics concepts, self-starting, and able to find/solicit information independently to build on complex efforts
Active DoD Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain one.
Preferred Qualifications:
Familiar with the concepts of reliability engineering and designing for sustainability
Acquisition Resource Managers, including management of Ship Project Directives (SPDs)
Experience preparing for or performing independent logistics assessments, shipbuilder assessments, in-service engineering assessments; and supportability studies on systems and equipment to identify areas for improvement, risks to achieving KPP or KSA and controlling O&S and TOC.
Logistics Product Data (LPD) knowledge, including analyzing and planning for new/modified product Provisioning.
Experience with DoD/DoN procedures and Policies (DoD 5000 process)
Experience in configuration management of shipbuilding programs, including the usage of CDMD-OA
Experience in ship COSAL outfitting policy and process, including the formulation of budgets and schedules
Experience with the range of services provides by intermediate and depot level sources of repair
Experience soliciting and consolidating broad information sets from government furnished Participating
DAU level III Logistician Equivalent

EEO Statement:

R&P Technologies provides equal opportunity for all persons and prohibits discrimination in employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), veteran or marital status, or any other factor prohibited by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leave, compensation, and training.
R&P maintains an Affirmative Action Plan to establish fair access to employment opportunities and to create a work community that is an accurate reflection of the qualified workforce. Due to security clearance requirements, U.S. citizenship is required for most positions
Salary:

R&P offers a highly competitive compensation package that includes contributions towards health insurance, 401(k) matching, and other non-salary benefits. Exact salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications."	469	Washington
Program Manager Level III	InTec, LLC	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	None	"Overview:

The DHS Science and Technology (S&T) Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) requires professional technical support services to assist its various organizations, missions, functions, and objectives enabling DHS S&T to facilitate research and development, test and evaluation, and scientific knowledge and technological transfers to the DHS Operational Components. DHS S&T requires this support to maintain and evolve its organization. These services will support the following functions within DHS S&T: strategic planning and performance management, budget formulation, budget execution, policy and procedure development, financial management, procurement management, administrative support, human capital management, physical, personnel and information security management, real and personal property management (to include fleet), facilities management, records management, mail management, subscriptions, occupational safety and health, environmental and energy management, environmental planning and historic management communications planning, conference/event planning, travel management, network, systems and applications engineering, information assurance, IT governance, operations, and maintenance.
Responsibilities:
Organizes, directs, and manages contract operation support functions, involving multiple, complex and inter-related project tasks.
Manages teams of contract support personnel at multiple locations. Maintains and manages the client interface at the senior levels of the client organization.
Meets with customer and contractor personnel to formulate and review task plans and deliverable items.
Ensures conformance with program task schedules and costs. Establishes and maintains technical and financial reports to show progress of projects to management and customers, organizes and delegates responsibilities to subordinates and oversees the successful completion of all assigned tasks.

Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree and 15 Years minimum experience
Project Management Professional (PMP) or Program Management Professional (PgMP)
InTec, LLC is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in Northern Virginia. Our mission is to provide high quality, cost effective solutions that will provide long term value to our customers and the Nation. InTec Management believes our employees’ welfare is paramount to good business and so provides a compensation and benefits package which reflects our corporate policy and befits our seasoned professionals. InTec is an Equal Opportunity Employer"	469	Washington
Manager III (Deputy Division Chief), Grade M3	Montgomery County Government	Wheaton, MD	$80,384 - $146,923 a year	"The mission of the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) is to enhance the quality of life in our community by protecting and improving Montgomery County's air, water, and land in a sustainable, innovative, inclusive, and industry-leading way while fostering smart growth, a thriving more sustainable economy and healthy communities.
DEP is seeking an experienced individual to serve as a full-time Manager III (Section Chief) in the Department of Environmental Protection, Recycling and Resource Management (RRM) Division. This position serves as the lead for the development of initiatives and programs that enhance the effectiveness of the RRM Division’s implementation of solid waste programs for Montgomery County.
Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Develop and update the listing of programs the RRM division manages that are required by County and State code as well as the Ten-Year Solid Waste Plan. In cooperation with Section Chiefs, ensure the implementation approaches for these programs are developed and have staffing and resource needs identified.
Serve as the lead for developing the implementation plans for new initiatives identified in the Ten-Year Solid Waste Plan. The implementation plans will include details on objectives of the individual programs, need for policy and/or legislative changes necessary to implement the programs, timing of changes, assistance and support needs from outside entities and partners, and staffing and resource needs.
Serve as the lead for ensuring the implementation plans for the initiatives are executed. This will include tracking of resource and budget requests, development of project execution plans and reporting of progress to the RRM Division Chief.
Assist the RRM Division Chief with identifying needs and approaches to address staffing and resource issues affecting the implementation of the programs necessary to carry out the Ten-Year Plan.
Serve as the lead for updating of the County’s Ten-Year Solid Waste Plan, including the elements that move the County’s solid waste planning towards zero waste.
Responsible for directing staff developing all technical and environmental research studies, projects and reports for Resource Recovery Facility and Compost Facility.
As a manager/supervisor of unionized employees, this position has a responsibility for fostering a positive labor relations environment based on mutual trust, respect, and cooperation.
This position requires the ability to attend meetings or perform work at locations outside the office.
Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to OHR@montgomerycountymd.gov . Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience : Five (5) years of progressively responsible professional experience in solid waste management, solid waste operations, or planning and implementation of zero waste initiatives/programs.
Education : Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor’s Degree
Equivalency : An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted.
Preferred Criteria
There are no Preferred Criteria Assessment questions. All applicants will be reviewed by OHR for minimum qualifications. Those applicants who meet minimum qualifications will be rated ""Qualified,"" placed on the Eligible List, and may be considered for interview. Preference for interviews will be given to applicants with experience in the following:
Experience in and knowledge of Federal, State, and County solid waste management laws, principles, policies, procedures and regulations.
Experience improving and/or innovating processes to achieve efficiency and effectiveness.
Experience in fiscal/contract management and procurement (project development through award and completion).
Experience managing complex solid waste collections services.
Experience recognizing and analyzing problems and developing a course of action.
Experience with developing, defending, implementing and controlling multi-million-dollar budgets.
Experience in personnel management (i.e., team building, planning, managing, directing, and supervising the work of subordinate supervisory, professional, administrative, and/or labor/trades personnel in a union environment).
Experience in written and oral communication regarding complex and controversial issues to a variety of audiences.
Experience with computers and application programs, including Windows-based word processing, spreadsheets, database applications, and Outlook.
Minimum Salary 80384 Maximum Salary 146923 Currency USD"	469	Washington
IT Infrastructure Project Manager	Precision Solutions	Reston, VA	None	"Overview:

IT Infrastructure Project Manager
TS/SCI with CI Polygraph
Reston, VA
The IT Infrastructure Project Manager (ITI-PM) will provide our client with program and project management advisory and assistance in support of their DOMEX Information Technology Infrastructure sustainment and modernization. The ITI-PM will leverage their technical and functional expertise and experience to help ensure the rapid and timely delivery of new capabilities and systems (including the decommissioning of old capabilities and systems). May be required to identify and evaluate new technologies/tools utilized within DoD or the IC, assist the government with developing and maintaining quality assurance procedures. Working closely with our client, their Division leadership, key stakeholders, product owners, and community partners, the ITI-PM shall (i) coordinate needs-identification and requirements gathering efforts, (ii) Effectively monitor and document workflow and adjustment when required, (iii) plan, coordinate and conduct project activities in accordance with the approved WBS & schedule, (iv) manage project activities and schedules and coordinate any changes for client approval.
QUALIFICATIONS:
EXPERIENCE & SKILLS:
Minimum years of experience must include (yes, they can overlap):
Six (6) years IT project management (must include managing a team or teams).
Five (5) Project Management experience applying PMI core principles.
Three (3) years hand-on experience in applying Lean-Agile principles.
Three (3) years hand-on experience in applying Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Project Management principles.
Three (3) years hand-on experience applying Lean-IT principles.
Must have:
The ability to efficiently oversee multiple projects across several phases of development.
The ability to work as part of an interdisciplinary team to achieve project milestones.
Ability to support implementation and maintain industry best practices.
Ability to effectively communicate leveraging technical and business acumen to communicate effectively with executive leadership, all stakeholders, and their team.
Successful experience with: Schedule Management; Integration Management; Quality Management; Communication Management; Risk Management; Procurement Management; Stakeholder Management and effective Total Cost of Ownership Management.
EDUCATION:
Bachelors, - OR – Associates PLUS an additional two (2) years IT project management - OR – HS/GED PLUS an additional four (4) years IT project management.
CERTIFICATION:
Project Management Institute (PMI) Project Management Professional (PMP) certification."	469	Washington
Manager III (Compliance Manager), Grade M3	Montgomery County Government	Rockville, MD	$79,196 - $144,751 a year	"Montgomery County Employee Retirement Plans is seeking a Compliance Manager ( Manager III ) who will be supervising the activities related to complex investment performance analysis, including the oversight of performance reporting for the Employees' Retirement System and the Consolidated Retiree Health Benefits Trust (CRHBT).
Primary functions of this position include but are not limited to:
The position will be the subject matter expert for performance measurement related activities and will work closely with the MCERP senior investment professionals in developing analytical and business processes.
Oversee the preparation of the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report (audit of the retirement plans), payment of all expenses, preparation of the annual budget and quarterly compliance, and the compliance program for the retirement plans and the Consolidated Retiree Health Benefits Trust.
Recommend changes to policies related to the operations and investment programs for the retirement plans and the CRHBT.
Conduct operational due diligence on all ERS investment managers.
Analyze processes/procedures to determine if they are industry standard, and if not, establishing guidelines to monitor those processes/procedures that fall below industry standards.
Assist in the development and maintenance of the Risk Management Program and Risk Budgeting System, including; updating capital market assumptions; updating allocations to managers and markets; and running reports to assess contribution to total risk, environmental biases, etc.
Monthly reconciliation of ERS & RHBT cash accounts, preparation of the department's annual operating budget by providing guidance to staff on the budget process, ensuring timely completion of all required financial/budgetary reports and support documentation.
Supervise the work of two accounting professionals related to: preparation of the compliance with the ERS securities lending program participation and guidelines;
Analyze and research complex accounting/financial issues and prepare written/oral reports addressing issues related to pension plans.
 A criminal background and credit history check will be conducted on the selected candidate prior to appointment and will be a significant factor in the hiring decision.
Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to special.accommodations@montgomerycountymd.gov Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience: Five (5) years of progressively responsible professional experience in Finance, Accounting or Business Management.
Education: Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor's Degree
Equivalency: An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted.
Preferred Criteria
The applications of those individuals meeting the minimum qualifications will be reviewed to determine the extent, relevancy of training, and experience in the following areas:
 Investment management business including familiarity with the related investment terminology;
Managing complex accounting and reporting operations and systems;
Applying analytical techniques to conduct studies, analyze findings, and make recommendations concerning effectiveness, efficiency, and productivity of projects/programs that are being audited/monitored.
Minimum Salary 79196 Maximum Salary 144751 Currency USD"	469	Washington
Program Manager III	Armedia LLC	Vienna, VA 22182	None	"Armedia is a technology company with 18 years of experience. We are a CMMI Level 3 systems integrator providing Business Process Management, Document Management, Electronic Case Management and Records Management services and solutions.
Position Summary:
Senior Program Manager responsible for leading and managing US Government IT modernization projects in support of Federal agency efforts to improve and modernize operations. Responsible for leading and managing project resources, complying with contract terms and conditions, and ensuring successful delivery of IT services and products, developing and growing relationships with clients, and growing the account.
Responsible for leading IT tasks and projects in delivering a complex IT solution to a US Government client in accordance with the project charter, project agreement or contract. Overall responsible for project performance, including, but not limited to managing scope, cost, schedule, and contractual deliverables for IT-related projects. Activities include hands-on management and applying techniques for planning, tracking, change control, and risk management of IT-related projects. Responsible for managing all project resources, including subcontractors, and for establishing an effective communication plan with the project team and the customer. Provide day-to-day direction to the project team and regular project status to the customer.
Manages multiple workstreams simultaneously, effectively coordinating and communicating with US Government clients, project stakeholders, Armedia leaders, staff, and other contractor staff members. As an Armedia Program and Project Management (PM) leader, actively participates in and contributes to ongoing efforts to continuously improve Armedia PM operations and management, to include supporting business development and proposal preparation efforts.
Required (minimum) Education:
Bachelor's degree in Business, Information Technology, or related field. Years of experience may be substituted for education.
Desired (optimum) Education:
Master’s degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering or related field.
Required (minimum) Professional Certifications:
PMP®
Desired (optimum) Professional Certifications:
CSM® or PMI-ACP®
SAFe® Agilist
ITIL
Required (minimum) Years of Relevant Experience:
10(+) years of experience successfully leading and managing IT projects.
Desired (optimum) Years of Relevant Experience:
12(+) years of experience successfully leading and managing IT projects.
Required Skills:
Ability to build, lead, and manage highly skilled IT project teams.
Ability to successfully manage and deliver IT services and products for a US Government client.
Ability to administer and manage contracts with US Federal clients, develop and maintain productive professional relationships, and grow the account.
Desired Skills:
US Federal IT systems modernization and development Contract Administration.
Experience working with or for the US Department of Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
Working knowledge of the FAR.

Armedia is an Equal Opportunity Employer who is dedicated to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee for employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex/gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees."	469	Washington
Fiscal and Policy Analyst III, Grade 28	Montgomery County Government	Rockville, MD 20850 (Town Center area)	$77,035 - $128,483 a year	"The Department of Finance is responsible for the financial administration of the County government, including accounting and payroll, debt and cash management, tax billing and revenue collection, economic and revenue forecasting, and risk management. Department of Finance, Division of Fiscal Management located at 101 Monroe Street, 15th floor, Rockville, Maryland.
JOB DESCRIPTION
The Fiscal and Policy Analyst III will be responsible for the following:
Support the Division of Fiscal Management in the development and implementation of financial, quantitative, and economic analyses of County policy issues including the modeling and forecasting of property and income taxes, impact taxes, and transaction-based recordation and transfer taxes.
Assist the County’s Chief Economist and Fiscal Manager in the formulation of revenue estimates by developing and implementing forecasting models specifically geared to accurately project excise taxes, income taxes, employment totals, housing/real estate valuation, CPI values, and other macroeconomic factors.
Support the Chief Economist in gathering data, analyzing policy initiatives, and preparing comprehensive, concise economic policy analysis for relevant Council legislation, and where applicable, assist OMB in drafting Fiscal Impact Statements (FIS) for legislation where the Department of Finance is the Issue Manager.
Support the implementation of the new Revenue Estimating Group (the ""Group"") approved by Council in 2021, including organizing quarterly meetings, developing materials for the Group with the Chief Economist and Fiscal Manager, producing reports following each quarterly meeting and managing the functioning of the Group. Provide support for Finance administrative tasks including the submission and ongoing maintenance of the department published performance metrics.
Represent Finance at Council, Committee, and County Executive meetings, as appropriate, to concisely articulate potentially rigorous and complex mathematical analysis in a manner that is informative to an audience that does not have the same specialized background in the applied methodologies for quantifying cost and revenue impacts of the relevant policy issues and legislation. Responsible for various projects assigned to the Division of Fiscal Management.
A criminal background and credit history check will be conducted on the selected candidate prior to appointment and will be a significant factor in the hiring decision. This position requires the ability to attend meetings or perform work at locations outside the office.
Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to OHR@montgomerycountymd.gov . Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience : Four (4) years of professional experience reviewing, analyzing, and monitoring operating and/or capital budgets, including at least one (1) year of experience analyzing and reporting on policy, management and programmatic issues having budgetary implications.
Education : Graduation from an accredited college or university with a bachelor’s degree.
Equivalency :
(1) An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted. (2) Possession of a graduate degree in Public Administration, Public Policy, Business Administration, Economics, Finance or a related field from an accredited college or university may be substituted for the required education and one year of the required experience.
(3) Depending on the position in the Department of Finance, the following substitution may be made for the above experience: Four (4) years of professional experience performing financial analysis in at least one of the following areas: cash management, debt management, investments, economic development fund analysis and development, and economic and fiscal analyses, including at least one (1) year of experience analyzing and reporting on policy, management and programmatic issues having financial implications.
Preferred Criteria
The applications of those individuals meeting the minimum qualifications will be reviewed to determine the extent, relevancy of training, and experience in the following areas:
Experience with the development and implementation of financial, quantitative, and economic analyses of policy issues for a large Public Entity.
Experience with the formulation of revenue estimates by developing and implementing forecasting models specifically geared to accurately project excise taxes, income taxes, employment totals, and CPI values.
Experience with quantitatively forecasting revenue projections by adjusting for accuracy and calibrating models to produce uniquely accurate estimates.
Experience with public presentations to Elected Officials or other high-level decision makers, to discuss applied methodologies and analysis used in quantifying cost and revenue impacts of relevant policy issues and legislation or decision making.
Experience coordinating large decision-making groups and meetings, preparing documentation, and producing reports reflecting the actions of the decision-making group.
Minimum Salary 77035 Maximum Salary 128483 Currency USD"	469	Washington
Network Engineer Level III	By Light Professional IT Services LLC	Washington, DC 20001 (Mount Vernon Square area)	None	"Overview:

By Light is seeking a Network Engineer Level III to join our team in a proposal to support the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) with Cyber Security Defense Services (CSDS). The scope of the project involves protecting USCIS' IT infrastructure and resources, information systems, and the information used in these environments from cybersecurity threats.
Current SEB operations include: deploying and operating cyber security tools, reviewing USCIS source code, assessing the security and effectiveness of USCIS systems, security tools and processes, providing security engineering expertise to other OIT divisions, securing USCIS Networks, operating the USCIS vulnerability management program, and developing and deploying solutions to automate security compliance USCIS systems hosted in cloud environments.
Responsibilities:

Our team will assess, architect, implement, deploy, and operate solutions for capturing security relevant information (e.g. log data, NetFlow data), and analyzing it to identify markers, patterns, and anomalies
that indicate intrusions, lateral movement, command and control, data exfiltration, or other security issues. We will operate the USCIS Security Event and Incident Management (SIEM) tool, and work collaboratively with development and operational teams to set and implement standards for logging. The system currently in use is Splunk Enterprise.
Required Experience/Qualifications:
Minimum of 10 years of experience in network engineering and operations and 3 years specialized experience deploying security products (Firewalls, IDS/IPS devices, StealthWatch, FirePOWER, Cisco ISE, ForeScout CounterACT, etc.).
Have one of the following active certifications: Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert (CCIE) Security, CCIE Wireless, CCIE Data Center, CCIE Routing & Switching, Cisco Certified Network Professional Security (CCNP Security), or other comparable certification or experience, which must be approved in advance by the Government Program Manager on a case-by-case basis.
Proficient in configuring, securing, and creating custom rule sets for: Cisco Nexus, Flexpod, IOS, Identity Services Engine (ISE), Stealthwatch, FirePOWER
Prior experience utilizing Cisco Prime, Orion Solarwinds or another configuration management tool to create enforceable configuration templates."	469	Washington
Penetration Testing Manager	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
BS in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering or related field, or equivalent work experience
Minimum of 5 years of experience directly managing a team of at least five engineers
5+ years of working knowledge and understanding of security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security

Help us protect not only the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud computing environment but all of our customers as well! Since 2006, our great team at AWS has been enabling our customers to bring great ideas to life in ways that aren’t possible in traditional IT environments. With AWS you can flexibly harness compute, storage, security, and other services from across the globe as your business demands them.

AWS Security is on the cutting edge of many security issues for a wide variety of platforms and technologies including cloud services, Internet of things (IoT), identity and access management, mobile devices, virtualization and custom hardware, all operating at massive scale. Similarly, our highly collaborative team is committed to each team member’s growth as our business grows.

We are looking for a Penetration Testing Manager to lead our penetration testing team and help validate that our services, applications, and websites are secured against the latest threats. You will be responsible for managing a team of security engineers and third party vendors conducting penetration tests, evolving the security assurance process, manage third party vendors, and creating metrics to demonstrate your team’s performance. You will help set the direction for a team of security professionals that is responsible for all AWS products and services. This role combines long term strategic planning to raise the bar on security across the enterprise with the excitement and challenge of quickly reacting to new threat scenarios.

As a security engineering manager at Amazon, you will be expected to speak authoritatively on behalf of your team and your technical knowledge should demonstrate both depth and breadth. You will be responsible for your team’s organizational structure and how that team works within the context of the larger AWS Security team. Leveraging the strengths of individual team members, delegating tasks appropriately and managing delivery of long term projects will all be critical tasks for this role. A Technical Manager III has deep knowledge in their domain and is a sought after thought leader across the organization. They have both management and technical expertise and actively participate in the organization’s planning processes.

Managers in this role must define metrics to quickly and accurately present the team’s performance and variance against its goals. They must also participate in and/or coordinate segments of cross-AWS initiatives, communicating status and results effectively across the division. A Technical Manager III is expected to seek out stretch assignments for your current team and foster their professional career development.

Responsibilities:

Team management, growth, and organization
Professional development of team members
Project management
Metrics and projections
Driving security initiatives
Recruiting
Process Improvement

Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.


Experience driving large, cross-organization initiatives
Experience managing communication with geographically distributed teams
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, especially experience with executive-level communications
Skilled at explaining complex technical issues in terms understandable by the business
Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive
Ability to make concrete progress in the face of ambiguity and imperfect knowledge (avoid “analysis paralysis”)
Experience with multiple programming languages (such as, Java, C++, Ruby, Python, Perl, etc.)
Experience with vulnerability risk and impact assessment
Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills
Experience providing training and mentorship
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Please reach out to AWS Recruiter, Courtney Schumm (@schummc) for more information.

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

#Appsec"	469	Washington
Service Operations Manager	General Dynamics Information Technology	Newington, VA	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
The Information Technology Service Operations Manager duties include:
Responsible for the development implementation and continual improvement of service management processes such as Incident, Problem, and Event Management.
Responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Service Desk and the Network Control Center that provides customer support 24x7x365 for the organization command and control
Establish standards of performance, training and development programs, continuous improvement, and other practices that assure a strong and efficient IT service capability with user experience focus.
Identify trends, anticipate problems, perform root cause analyses, and work across IT to implement preventative measures to ensure a best in class level of support and service through the use of metrics.
Be proactive to follow up with the customers to ensure that Service Level Agreements are reached and maintained to meet the business needs.
Responsible for effective external communications with the customers and internal communications with the Senior Managers to establish processes and service level objectives that assure system issues are resolved and users concerns addressed consistent with defined service level expectations.
Must possess a strong leadership background to provide guidance and directions as it relates to Customer Satisfaction.
Must demonstrate the ability to serve as the Program/Deputy Program Manager in their absence to continually support the business.
Provide updates to the Program Manager and the Deputy Program Manager on any issues that could significantly impact the business.
Must demonstrate the ability to work closely with other Senior Managers to ensure the timely delivery of consistent and predictable services to internal customers
Demonstrate the ability to handle pressure situations with clarity, focus and professionalism at all times.
Must be motivated to respond quickly to emergency and business impacting situations. Need to be adaptable to rapid changes.
Must demonstrate excellent written and oral communication skills including the ability to clearly articulate to ideas and messages during daily updates to the customers on all aspect of current operations.
EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
5+ years of related information systems experience, including management experience.
Must have at least 4 years of experience as an Operations Manager managing a team.
Experience in analyzing incident, problem and change records to determine any trends or apparent problems that have occurred and to take any opportunities to improve service quality.
Experience in monitoring, managing, and improving the efficiency of support services coordinating the activities within a corporate staff: HR, security, finance, accounting, contracts, procurement, operations, and compliance.
Must have leadership and management skills and potential
CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS
IAT Level III Certification required
ITIL v3 Certification required
EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS
Bachelors Degree in a related business or technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical training, or work/military experience.
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Management and Program Analyst	US National Telecommunications and Information Adm...	Reston, VA 20191 (Hattontown area)	$103,690 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is with the First Responder Network Authority (FirstNet Authority), an independent authority within the National Telecommunications and Information Administration. Authorized by Congress in 2012, The FirstNet Authority's mission is to develop, build and operate the nationwide, broadband network that equips first responders with the necessary communications to save lives and protect U.S. communities. Come join the FirstNet Authority team and make a difference in public safety.
Responsibilities
The position is located within the FirstNet Authority Office of the Executive Director. The incumbent serves as a Special Assistant for the Deputy Executive Director and is responsible for advising management on program and operational effectiveness and for driving improvements in efficiency and productivity for a variety of administrative services, functions, and programs.

Duties performed:

Develop, design, and oversee administrative operations of the office.
Develop and deliver briefings to senior management regarding the Deputy Executive Director's operations, objectives, goals, and accomplishments.
Prepare, review, and edit information papers, documents, and reports on analysis of management processes or programs.
Oversee internal management control systems and procedures to ensure Deputy Executive Director functions meet productivity and effectiveness goals in an effort to identify and eliminate weaknesses.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
4
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Administrative Assistants, Executive
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Assistants, Executive
Executive Administrative Assistants
Executive Assistants
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. Citizen to apply.
You must be suitable for Federal employment.
You must be registered for Selective Service (www.sss.gov), if applicable.
You must successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a credit check, a review of financial issues, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs.
A probationary period may be required.
Time in grade requirements must be met.
If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application.
All Federal employees are required to have Federal salary payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their choosing.
Permanent Change of Duty Station (PCS) Expenses will not be paid.
Qualifications
Applicants must demonstrate that they meet the Minimum Qualification requirements as noted below.

Specialized Experience: ZA-IV: You qualify for the ZA-IV (GS-13/14 Equivalent) grade level if you possess one year of specialized experience, equivalent to the GS-12 grade level or ZA-III pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector performing all of the following:
Analyzing regulations or new guidance to assess current compliance for developing or revising policies accordingly;
Writing and editing reports for an executive level audience on organizational effectiveness, efficiency, performance objectives, or process improvement;
Delivering presentations to executive level audiences on organizational performance or process improvements.
(The contents of your resume MUST support your claim of specialize experience)

All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement. Qualification claims will be subject to verification.

Time-in-Grade Requirements: Under competitive merit promotion procedures, any individual who is currently holding, or who has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under a non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet ""time-in-grade"" requirements (have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade of the grade for which you are applying). Time-In-Grade requirements also apply to current employees applying for a Veterans Employment Opportunities Act of 1998 (VEOA) appointment. NOTE: All current or former Federal employees must provide a copy of their SF-50 (you may need to submit more than one), ""Notice of Personnel Action"" that indicates proof of status and time-in-grade eligibility. The SF-50 must include your position, title, series, grade, step, tenure (1 or 2), and type of service (Competitive or Excepted).

NOTE: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Applicants must meet ALL application requirements, to include a complete online resume, by 11:59 p.m. EASTERN TIME ZONE (ETZ) on the closing date of this announcement. Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement. Qualification requirements in the vacancy announcements are based on the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards Handbook, which contains federal qualification standards. This handbook is available on the Office of Personnel Management's website located at www.opm.gov/qualifications
Education
Education may not be used or combined to qualify for this position.
Additional information
Promotion Potential: This position is at the full performance level.

Background Investigation: To ensure the accomplishment of its mission, the Department of Commerce requires each and every employee to be reliable and trustworthy. To meet those standards, all selected applicants must undergo and successfully complete a background investigation for a clearance as a condition of placement in this Low Risk position. This review includes financial issues such as delinquency in the payment of debts, child support and/or tax obligations, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs.

Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA): To be eligible for a VEOA appointment, the veteran must 1) be a preference eligible; or 2) be a veteran separated after 3 or more years of continuous active service performed under honorable conditions (you must submit a DD214-member copy 4).

Current or Former Political Appointees: The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.

The Department of Commerce provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the Human Resources Office. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis. TTY users can contact the Human Resources Office via the Federal Relay Service, 1-800-877-8339.

The physical worksite for this position is located in Reston, VA. However, the FirstNet Authority is currently under a maximum telework posture due to the COVID-19 pandemic; therefore, this position is currently under a 100 percent telework schedule. The position's telework schedule will likely change in the future when the FirstNet Authority moves away from its maximum telework posture. At that time, the incumbent will be expected to report to the physical work site in accordance with the updated status requirements of their supervisor. The nature and scope of future telework opportunities will be subject to the unit's telework policy, any applicable bargaining unit agreements, and supervisory approval. Payment of relocation expenses, as applicable, will be paid in accordance with this Job Opportunity Announcement. Non-compliance with the supervisor's telework-schedule requirement could result in adverse action, including separation.

Salary: Commerce Alternative Personnel System (CAPS) pay tables may be found under Salaries & Wages.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to determine if you meet the minimum qualifications for the position. If you meet the minimum qualifications stated in the vacancy announcement, we will compare your resume, optional cover letter and supporting documentation to your responses on the scored occupational questionnaire (True/False, Yes/ No, Multiple Choice questions). However, your resume and/or optional cover letter must support your responses to the scored occupational questionnaire, or your score may be lowered. The best qualified candidates will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited for an interview.

The scored occupational questionnaire will evaluate you on the following competencies; please do not provide a separate written response.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSA): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:

Administration and Management
Oral Communication
Project Management
Written Communication

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you must submit a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Your resume showing a detailed description of your job-related qualifications that includes beginning and ending dates with the month and year and hours worked per week (if less than 40) for each paid and non-paid work experience job title listed.

2. Other supporting documents (only submit if applicable to you):

Are you claiming veterans' preference? Submit Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 or other (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty) or notice form. Those applying for 10-Point preference must fill out the SF-15 and provide an official document dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs or from a branch of the Armed Forces, and/or any other associated documentation based on your preference. If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions.
Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP/CTAP)? If so, submit:
A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for failure to relocate, notice of disability annuity termination, or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement;
A copy of your SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'', documenting your RIF separation, noting your positions, grade level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc.;
A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and
Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.
Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent political appointment:
Position title;
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee);
Agency; and
Beginning and ending dates of appointment.
Are you a current or former federal employee?
A copy of your latest SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'' documenting your pay plan, series and grade.
Career Transition Assistance Program: This program applies to Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed, or employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet eligibility criteria for CTAP or ICTAP; 2) will be eligible if it is determined that they have exceeded the minimum qualifications for the position by attaining at least a rating of 85 out of 100; and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your CTAP or ICTAP eligibility. Well-Qualified includes those applicants whose knowledge, skills, and abilities clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position. For information on eligibility criteria and required documentation, go to: http://www.opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp

You will be required to submit official documentation prior to appointment. The agency will then verify the information provided on your application (i.e., degree, veterans' preference, disability, etc.).

AGENCY CONTACT INFORMATION:

Philadelphia Services Branch
philadelphia@opm.gov
215-861-3074

Agency Information:
First Responder Network Authority
National Telecommunications and Information Administration
Department of Commerce
12201 Sunrise Valley Drive
RestonVirginia20192
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Status Candidates (this includes current or former Federal employees with career or career-conditional tenure in the competitive service; Former Overseas Employees, CTAP, ICTAP, VEOA, 30% or More Disabled Veterans, Schedule A, Military Spouses, Americorps, Peace Corps, Vista and Interchange Agreement Eligibles)"	469	Washington
Systems Technician III	General Dynamics Information Technology	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
GDIT is seeking candidates to support the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM). Under the I2TS 3 task order, INSCOM ensures reliable, uninterrupted availability of Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Information Management (C4IM) including: networks, hardware, software, engineering, and specialized tools at the point of customer need to support INSCOMs mission. INSCOM and its MSCs provide the enabling layer to connect the Army and its tactical formations to defense and national intelligence agencies via tactical networks. The ability to provide mission critical intelligence is dependent on the successful use of its information technology (IT) networks worldwide
Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Provides first contact and incident resolution to customers with hardware, software, and application problems. Includes both customer telephone support as well as electronically submitted requests
Provides polite and friendly customer service
Attempts to resolve as many incidents during the first contact, or at Tier I. Efficiently escalates incidents to higher Tier II or Tier III when required
Documents incident status and solutions in incident database tools
Possesses current working knowledge of computers, printers, laptops, and common windows applications
Works through various types Tier II issues with telephone assist
Provides answers to Frequently Asked Questions or solutions to common problems as part of a customer self-help capability
Perform troubleshooting, maintenance, and repair on many types of hardware and software
Assist in repairing computers, printers, digital senders, etc.
Perform Level I/II Active Directory functions such as unlocking accounts, creating and issuing accounts, etc.
Desirable Skills / Experience:
Knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in network administration and support
Knowledge of related hardware and software
Required Certification(s):
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II Computing Environment (CE) Certification as determined by the Program Manager is required prior to support on contract
Required Security Environment Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalent
Computing Environment certification: MTA 98-365, Windows Server Administrator Fundamentals.
Security Clearance:
TS/SCI required
Additional:
Candidates must be willing and able to attain a CI Polygraph for certain positions as determined by the contract
Position may require lifting of objects (i.e. IT Hardware), reaching/bending/kneeling (i.e. plug in cables) and other moderately strenuous activity
High School diploma/GED with 8 years of related experience, or Associate’s degree with 6 years of experience, or Bachelor’s degree with with 4 years of experience
#GDITINSCOM
#I2TS3
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Systems Administrator - Workstation/Client Devices	DAn Solutions	Springfield, VA	None	"REQUIRES AN EXISTING TS/SCI WITH CI POLYGRAPH

The Desktop Support technicians provides PC, telephone and video support which may include duties such as:
Unpacking and setting up PCsInstalling PC operating systems via scripted install packages
Installing application software on PCs via scripted install packagesProviding basic user support for the software; PC, telephone and video troubleshooting when operation errors occurProviding initial troubleshooting and resolution for Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) thin client systemsProviding limited support related to microcomputer networks and providing user training in basic hardware and software functions.Performs all administration involved with PC (desktop/notebooks) distribution, including:
Performing inventory on software and computer stock and making request for order or ordering new equipmentPerforms service center technology support which may include duties such as installing an IP phone, installing COTS – GOTS software using scripts and install packages, service center technology trouble shooting when operation errors occurWork closely with other members of Service Operations team, Service Design and Service Transition personnel and other IT technical and applications staff.Support network and locally attached printersUse of the Support Center ticket database to track, update and close tickets as well as provide asset data updates to the Configuration Management Database (CMDB)Create and maintain documentation to help train employees resolve day to day issues and knowledge transfer.
Identify and execute process improvements and other enhancements that improve operational efficiency.
Troubleshoot and resolve unique or complex problems in an efficient mannerPrepare clear and timely technical documentation that explains recommended/required actionsInterface directly with the client and parallel teams, as necessaryExpert knowledge of networking concepts and technologiesTroubleshoot to determine problems for operating systems, applications, network, or mobile issues.Provides phone support to users in the areas of e-mail/exchange, print services, directories, standard Windows desktop applications, chat, and SharePointCompiles analysis of trouble tickets to provide monthly trending reportsMonitors status of open tickets and reporting progress at the weekly operations meeting with the customerAnswers and addresses trouble calls from Customers and Tier I organizationsProvide Tier I and II troubleshooting on desktop systems, software (MS Office, etc.), printer issues, Video Teleconferences, and server/network related issues as part of service desk functions
Key Competencies:
Be AccountableSolve ProblemsTake OwnershipBe Client CentricBe Effective
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS:
Security +Meet the qualifications of one of the customer specified levels (0-4)
Physical Demands:
Be able to physically lift or move at least 25lbs. Be able to maneuver under desk or low crawl spaces to install/uninstall equipment.
Position Type/Expected Hours of Work:
This is a full-time position.
This position regularly requires long hours and weekend work.
*** TELEWORK IS NOT AN OPTION. Candidate must report to the work site ***

Qualified individuals will have experience in one or more of the following areas:
Desktop Image ManagementVirtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) Support ServicesHome Directory and Profile Support ServicesPrint, Fax and Scan Support Services
Unified Communications Support ServicesE-mail Support ServicesDesktop Software Support ServicesDesktop Entity Support ServicesDomain ServicesDirectory, Authentication and Account Mgmt- O&S - Expanded 12x5Domain Name ServicesDynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP)Patch Management (Windows)
Operations and Support
Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups.Perform regular security monitoring to identify any possible intrusions.Perform daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up to the appropriate media, recovery tapes or disks are created, and media is recycled and sent off site as necessary.Perform regular file archival and purge as necessary.Create, change, and delete user accounts per request.Provide Tier II & III/other support per request from various constituencies. Investigate and troubleshoot issues.Repair and recover from hardware or software failures. Coordinate and communicate with impacted constituencies.MaintenanceApply OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis, and upgrade administrative tools and utilities. Configure / add new services as necessary.Upgrade and configure system software that supports GIS infrastructure applications or Asset Management applications per project or operational needs.Maintain operational, configuration, or other procedures.Perform periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning.Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required.Create and maintain documentation to help train employees resolve day to day issues and knowledge transfer.Identify and execute process improvements and other enhancements that improve operational efficiency.
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS:
Security +Meet the qualifications of one of the customer specified levels (0-4)
COMMUNICATIONS/INTERPERSONAL CONTACTS:
Interpret and/or discuss information with others, which involves terminology or concepts not familiar to many people; regularly provide advice and recommend actions involving rather complex issues. May resolve problems within established practices.


Skills & Tasks: Complex - develops new concepts and processes. Analyzes root causes and resolves issues. Supports more junior level technicians and specialists in their activities. Can perform all tasks of lower level technicians or specialists.
Individual Work / Teamwork or Leadership / Management: Leadership/ Management - Works individually, actively participates on integrated teams, and may also lead a task, project or team
Guidance: Requires guidance and direction from more senior level technicians, specialists, and managers only when dealing with new, uncertain situations. Provides guidance to lower level technicians and specialists.
Education/Min Years Experience: HS/GED - 8 years experience, Associates - 6 years experience, Bachelors - 4 years experience, Masters - 2 years experience, PhD - 0 years experience"	469	Washington
Network Engineer III	Abile Group, Inc.	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Overview:

Abile Group has an exciting and challenging opportunity for a Network Engineer supporting an Intelligence Community Customer.
The right candidate will possess the below skills and qualifications and be ready to handle all responsibilities independently and professionally.
Responsibilities:
Performs research, requirements analysis, design, installation, documentation, troubleshooting, and sustainment of local- and wide-area network hardware and services.
Develops system specifications, architecture designs, integration and test plans, and all relevant documentation.
Develops risk management and mitigation strategy.
Maintain compliance with QA standards as well as ensuring service performance indicators are met or exceeded.
Experience in reviewing Mission related change requirements such as Requests for Change (RFCs) and approved Change Requests (CRQs) and determining impacts on Transport activities across the Enterprise while providing Technical solutions and cost impacts.
Experience in complex telecommunications applications involving all phases of telecommunications network design, implementation, and analysis.
Focus will be on Requirements Analysis, Development and Implementation
Engineer and implement solutions for Projects based on customer Change Requests
Serve as the technical representative for assigned projects.
Provide recommendations on newly submitted actions items.
Coordinate issues with the appropriate owners/organizations.
Provide concurrence on decisions or recommendations by assigned suspense.
Elicit requirements using interviews, document analysis, surveys, site visits, scenarios, business analysis and test/workflow analysis.
Write requirement specs according to standard templates.
Decompose high-level business and user requirements into functional requirements.
Represent requirements using alternative views, such as analysis models (diagrams).
Perform requirement analysis and verification, ensuring requirement statements are complete, consistent, concise, comprehensible, traceable, feasible, unambiguous, and they conform to standards.
Manage requirements traceability information and track requirements status throughout the review process.
Identify requirement errors and defects, and write response statements to appropriate owners/organizations.
An understanding of how to practice requirements engineering according to several hardware/software development life cycles in a team environment.
Knowledge of product management concepts and how Enterprise network products are positioned and implemented.
Support network traffic analysis and bandwidth optimization efforts to ensure attainment of performance and availability objectives.
Evaluate and report on new/emerging network/communication technologies to enhance capacity, performance and reliability of the network.
Evaluate and recommend changes and/or technology upgrades to address performance, standardization and industry best practices
Follows all Customer network security processes and procedures, ensures compliance with all Government policies.
Develop and maintain network architecture diagrams.
Qualifications:

Clearance Required: TS/SCI
Degree and Years of Experience: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent plus 10+ years related technical experience in Network and Transport technologies, tools, and techniques. 5+ years experience with large-scale enterprise/global networks in a high paced diverse environment.
Desired Certifications:
CISCO CCNP, CCVP, CCNA or CCDP (or equivalent)
ITIL v3 Foundations
ISC2 CISSP
Required Skills:
Ability to work independently with little direction and guidance
Network design,engineering, and implementation (Advanced Level)
Creation of network related Rough Order Magnitude (ROM) equipment lists and costing
Ability to estimate labor needed to complete planning, engineering, procurement, and installation of complex Enterprise Transport solutions
Understanding of DISA and IC standards and processes
Excellent writing and communication skills, including the ability to develop analytical documents and present oral presentations to senior/executive management
Interpersonal skills, to help negotiate priorities
Proficient is MS Office suite – Visio, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Project
Ability to work weekends and evening hours as needed
Ability to obtain and maintain a CI polygraph
Understanding and experience with the DoD Architecture Framework and other key DoD network architecture and strategic planning instructions
Experience with CISCO and Juniper: switches, routers, as well as Cryptographic devices, IPSEC.
Experience with Network analysis tools (CISCO Network Analysis Modules, Solar Winds Network Management, OPNET NetOne, HP Network Node Manager, etc.)
Experience with CISCO and Juniper firewall/VPN devices
Experience with supporting IP services to connect to NIPRNET, SIPRNET and JWICS (IPv4, VPN, IPv6, Multicast, QOS, SDN, SNMP, VOIP, VTC, etc)
Experience with BGP, OSPF, and MPLS.
About Abile Group, Inc.:

Abile Group, Inc. was formed in July 2004 to partner with the Intelligence Community and their Contractors in the areas of Enterprise Analytics & Performance Management, IT & Systems Engineering and Program & Project Management. We have significant experience with the Federal Government and are an EDWOSB dedicated to our employees and clients. We are looking for high performing employees who enjoy providing advice and guidance along with solutions development and implementation support, crafted by combining industry best practices with the clients’ subject matter experience and Abile’s breadth of expertise.
EEO Statement:

Abile Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Anyone requiring reasonable accommodations should email careers@abilegroup.com with requested details. A member of the HR team will respond to your request within 2 business days.
Please review our current job openings and apply for the positions you believe may be a fit. If you are not an immediate fit, we will also keep your resume in our database for future opportunities."	469	Washington
IT SYSTEMS TECHNICAL SPECIALIST (Identity Manager)	State of Maryland	Crownsville, MD 21032	$57,862 - $92,897 a year	"Introduction
The Department of Information Technology was created by 2008 legislation in an effort to consolidate state agency information technology functions and policies into one department; elevating the department to one that reports directly to the Governor.

In addition to its larger statewide role, the Department of Information Technology manages Information Technology and Telecommunication services within the agency itself and provides support to state agencies, the Executive Office of the Governor, the Governor’s coordinating offices, and a variety of independent agencies within the Executive Branch.

Striving to provide the highest level of customer service to its internal and external customers, the Department of Information Technology supports Maryland’s agencies and commissions through its leadership and strategic direction for Information Technology and Telecommunications, establishing a long range, target technology architecture, encouraging cross agency collaboration and advocating best practices for operations and project management.
GRADE
19
LOCATION OF POSITION
Department of Information Technology (DoIT)
100 Community Place
Crownsville, MD 21032
Main Purpose of Job
The primary purpose of this position is to manage Identity Access Management operations under the Cloud Services Server Management Team. The support includes administration, management and operational responsibilities of Identity Access Management in addition to other security related job duties.
POSITION DUTIES
MFA System Management
Provision new applications
Assist in troubleshooting issues
Support of Agency Service Desk Realm issues
Management of centralized Active Directory used for MFA, Active Directory administration, AD Trust relationships, IPSEC Tunnels
Implement federated authentication solutions (ADFS, SAML, OpenID, Yubikey, OAuth, etc...)
Develop, document and support scripts required to deliver a variety of Identity synchronization solutions using:
Visual Basic
C #
Powershell
ADSync
Design, Installation, and Deployment of new MFA servers
 IDM Migration Planning
Forefront Identity Manager (2010)/Microsoft Identity Manager (2016)
Window Server administration
Maintain specialized custom code and configuration sets for backup and disaster recovery in DoIT Github.
Onboard/offboard of applications in MFA
Research alternate Access Management Platforms and build rating matrices
Other duties as assigned


TLS/SSL Certificate Management
Managing Certificate Approval
Process and approve requests
Direct requests to DoIT Intake
Assist agencies with renewals
Assistance with generating certificate signing request(s) when a customer agency or their partner is unable to do so.
Provide direction to agencies on product selection


Remote Access Management
Troubleshoot issues
Integrate with MFA where applicable
Integrate with Agency Active Directory.


Develop Statements of Works (SOWs) and Customer Service Requests (CSRs).
TLS\SSL
Provision new application in MFA platform


Tier III end-user support
Assist with problem resolution.
Resolve new request and break/fix tickets

Meet service level agreements (SLA’s).
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Education: Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Computer Information Technology, Management Information Systems or other information technology-related field to include coursework in application, communication, database or operating systems software technology.

Experience: Three years of experience designing, developing, testing, implementing and maintaining application, communication, database or operating systems software.

Notes:

1. Graduation from an accredited high school or possession of a high school equivalency certificate and thirty credit hours from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Computer Technology, Management Information Systems or other information technology-related field to include coursework in application, communication, database or operating systems software technology may be substituted for the required education.

 2. Graduation from an accredited high school or possession of a high school equivalency certificate and one additional year of experience designing, developing, testing, implementing and maintaining application, communication, database or operating systems software may be substituted for the required education.

 3. Experience operating computer systems; or scheduling, controlling input and output to process data on computer systems; or evaluating, implementing and maintaining computer hardware and software; or converting data from project specifications by developing program code using generally accepted computer programming languages may be substituted for high school education on a year- for-year basis.

4. Candidates may substitute U.S. Armed Forces military service experience as a commissioned officer in the Computer Systems Operations classifications or Computer Systems Operations specialty codes in the Information Technology field of work on a year-for-year basis for the required experience and education.
DESIRED OR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Our Preferred Candidate Will Have the Following:

Project Management Experience

Scripting Experience
SELECTION PROCESS
Please make sure that you provide sufficient information on your application to show that you meet the qualifications for this recruitment. All information concerning your qualifications must be submitted by the closing date. We will not consider information submitted after this date. Successful candidates will be ranked as Best Qualified, Better Qualified, or Qualified and placed on the eligible (employment) list for at least one year.
EXAMINATION PROCESS
The assessment may consist of a rating of your education, training, and experience related to the requirements of the position. It is important that you provide complete and accurate information on your application. Please report all experience and education that is related to this position.
BENEFITS
STATE OF MARYLAND BENEFITS
FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS
Online applications are highly recommended. However, if you are unable to apply online, the paper application and supplemental questionnaire may be submitted to: Department of Budget and Management, Recruitment and Examination Division, 301 W. Preston St., Baltimore, MD 21201. Paper application materials must be received in our office by the closing date for the recruitment. No postmarks will be accepted.
For questions regarding this recruitment, please contact the DBM Recruitment and Examination Division at Application.Help@maryland.gov or 410-767-4850, MD TTY Relay Service 1-800-735-2258.
We thank our Veterans for their service to our country.
People with disabilities and bilingual candidates are encouraged to apply.
As an equal opportunity employer, Maryland is committed to recruitment, retaining and promoting employees who are reflective of the State's diversity.


For education obtained outside the U.S., a copy of the equivalent American education as determined by a foreign credential evaluation service must be provided prior to hire."	469	Washington
Systems Administrator	Salient CRGT, Inc	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Job Description:

Are you looking for a new and exciting career opportunity?
Join our award-winning organization and work with some of the most talented minds within our Enterprise Technology and Innovation teams. As a Salient CRGT employee, you get to be part of a best performing team supporting our nation’s most critical missions. At Salient CRGT, we recognize that financial rewards and great benefits are important. That is why we offer competitive compensation and a diverse benefits package. Click here to learn more about our extensive benefits program.
Why Salient CRGT?
We’re passionate about the inspirational missions of our customers and we entrust our employees and teams to deliver exceptional performance to enable the safety, security, health and well-being of our nation. We provide the tools and resources to help you be successful, and our culture fosters an environment in which idea sharing and collaboration is essential. Are you ready to make a difference?
We are looking to hire an experienced Senior Systems Administrator to join our Tier III team supporting daily operations of a large, complex IT Support Services contract for one of our valuable customers, an important Federal Law Enforcement Agency in Sterling, VA. You will play a major role in the implementation, operations, and maintenance of enterprise systems and applications. The ideal candidate will demonstrate strong experience in assessing enterprise infrastructure performance, analyzing system faults, reviewing diagnostic tests and troubleshooting Windows Operating Systems to identify and resolve problems.
The ideal candidate will be responsible for
Aware of operational best practices that ensure enterprise level information systems are available, reliable and secure
Energetic professional who is a self-starter with excellent communication skills, strong initiative, and a robust technical understanding of a Windows Server environment, network fundamentals and Active Directory
Directly assist the contract’s Technical Lead and work with other Tier III administrators on daily infrastructure operations, system management, upgrade and migration planning
Able to quickly and efficiently troubleshoot, identify, and resolve technical issues related to physical and virtually hosted services across a worldwide network
Collaborate with the Service Desk, Network Operation Center, Systems Engineers, and enterprise O&M teams to implement, deploy, and maintain platforms supporting essential mission services in a high paced environment
Plan and execute projects supporting a myriad of enterprise services, including mobility services, virtual desktop and virtual server infrastructure and on premises cloud services
Evaluate readiness and daily operations through infrastructure provisioning tools, and provide feedback to system engineers and government program managers
Monitor and evaluate IT Infrastructure performance, including analyzing system resources, monitoring key resource metrics, and resolving operational problems
Coordinate upgrades, changes, and fix actions for operational services hosted on physical and virtual servers, and develop mature alerting mechanisms to ensure visibility of systems' behavior
Provide daily operational support of a global, complex, IT enterprise and contribute to key contract deliverables
Work closely with the Enterprise Information Assurance team to implement best practices based on Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs)
Participate in rotating 24x7 on-call support
Required Qualifications:
Must be able to obtain and be able to maintain an active, Secret security clearance
Must be willing and able to obtain a DEA Suitability clearance prior to start
Bachelor's Degree in IT related field, or equivalent experience
5+ years of operational IT systems administration experience focused on supporting largescale Windows based enterprise environments
Must have a high-level understanding of Enterprise IT Operations, Windows System Administration, including Group Policy management, AD replication, AD PowerShell commands, LDAP queries, and ADSIEdit
Demonstrated experience in Windows Server 2012/2016 administration and implementation of security controls to meet STIG requirements
Demonstrated experience in virtual infrastructure technologies, including VMware and Hyper-V, including migration of virtual machines (P2V and V2V) Must be able to work collaboratively, and cooperatively, as a member of a team, but also work independently and apply sound judgment and effective work prioritization without direct supervision
Capable of reviewing existing processes and identifying possible process improvements
Desired Qualifications:
Salient CRGT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other factor prohibited by applicable anti-discrimination laws."	469	Washington
Senior Information Technology Program Manager	CTEC Corp.	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$120,000 - $180,000 a year	Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 22 years. We are currently looking for a Senior Information Technology Program Manager to join our team.Duties and Responsibilities: · Plan, initiate and manage information technology (IT) projects. Lead and guide the work of technical staff. Serve as liaison between business and technical aspects of projects. Plan project stages and assess business implications for each stage. Monitor progress to assure deadlines, standards, and cost targets are met.· Possesses and applies comprehensive knowledge across key tasks and high-impact assignments. Plans and leads major technology assignments. Evaluates performance results and recommend major changes affecting short-term project growth and success. Functions as a technical expert across multiple project assignments. May supervise others.· The PM shall provide effective project management of all program activities to achieve the desired cost, schedule, and technical performance and maintain customer satisfaction. The PM completes tasks and provides the work products and deliverables based upon the agreed-upon schedule with the expected level of detail and quality. The Program Management approach should achieve the expected IRS business outcomes in accordance with business requirement needs and goals for the IRPD program and should deliver end-to-end operations, providing the IRS with the lowest risk solution.· The program management (contract level) functions shall include but not be limited to having a broad and progressive knowledge of the IT industry functions; business administration; contractual functions; human resources; and software development project management. This personnel solution shall also incorporate the coordination with all tasks under the direction of the Government Program/Project Manager.· The PM shall institute and maintain a management structure to respond to and negotiate a task and LOE. The PM shall also maintain access to resources that can be called upon to fulfill task requirements under this contract.Work Experience: · Minimum bachelors degree in applicable field· 10-15 years of relevant experience.Skills Requirement: The contractor will work on the following systems, hardware, and software:a) Business Objects Environment (BOE)b) Business Objects Enterprise Developmentc) ELCd) Web developmente) JAVA developmentf) SQL and Database developmentg) MongoDBh) JSON, XMLi) Microsoft Office Suitej) Microsoft Projectk) Microsoft Visiol) Oracle 11g/12cm) Rationale Suiten) SharePointo) CloudThe contractor shall also demonstrate specialized experience that includes expertise in these areas:a) Business Analysis disciplinesb) Process Re-engineering and flow developmentc) Project Management with Agile/Scrumd) Requirements Developmente) System Architecture in new and legacy products and systemsf) Transition Managementg) Systems, Data, Platform and Performance EngineeringClearance: · Public TrustThe above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position.Please note: Candidate(s) will be required to go through pre-employment screening.Cybermedia Technologies, Inc. is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer! (EOE; M/F/D/V)Job Type: Full-timePay: $120,000.00 - $180,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Scrum: 6 years (Preferred)Agile: 6 years (Preferred)IT project management: 10 years (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Security Clearance:Confidential (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	469	Washington
Portfolio Manager -Engineer/Scientist III (Science & Technology)	Advanced Concepts and Technologies International,...	Arlington, VA 22204 (Douglas Park area)	None	"Introduction::

Contract: F-35 Engineering
Title: Portfolio Manager, Engineering Scientist III
Clearance: Top Secret (SCI eligibility)
The F-35 Lightning II Program (also known as the F-35 JPO) is a joint, multi-national program and is the Department of Defense's (DoD) focal point for defining affordable next generation strike aircraft weapon systems among the USAF, USN, USMC, and U.S. (United States) allies composed of seven cooperative international partners: the United Kingdom, Italy, Netherlands, Canada, Australia, Denmark, Norway and Security Cooperative Participant (SCP), Israel, Korea, Belgium, Poland, Singapore, and Japan. The program’s objective is to develop and deploy the F-35 Air System (AS), a three (3) variant family of highly common and affordable 5th Generation strike fighter aircraft that meets the operational needs of the USAF, USN, USMC, and cooperative partner international services. The F-35 Program carries the status of a Major Command (MAJCOM) and is a Secretary of Defense (SecDef) directed program. It is a DoD Acquisition Category (ACAT) 1D program, thus the Defense Acquisition Executive (DAE) is the Milestone Decision Authority (MDA).
Overview / Job Responsibilities::

This position assists the F-35 Lightning II Program in identifying and researching nascent science and technology initiatives that could provide future benefits to the F-35 Program from a capability and cost perspective. Perspective candidates should possess familiarity with Department of Defense advanced research processes and how they transcend into the acquisition process. They will also work in collaboration with other analysts in support of the F-35 Science and Technology Integrated Process Team. Ideal candidates will have familiarity with the roles and missions of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL), and the Office of Naval Research (ONR).
Minimum Qualifications::
B.S. Degree in Engineering or Science.At least 6 years of experience in engineering or technical field.TOP SECRET Clearance with eligibility for SAR.
Desired Qualifications::
Familiarity with DoD Acquisition S&T processes and requirements developmentDemonstrated ability to think, plan and work at a tactical level.Demonstrated experience in U.S. DoD Program acquisition and management processes.Working understanding of program management processes such as contracting, source selections, technical readiness assessments, return on investment calculations, and transition planning.Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.
Additional Information::
Advanced Concepts and Technologies International L.L.C. (ACT I) is a small business providing high-quality Total Acquisition Management, Intelligence, Cyber and Foreign Military Sales solutions to clients across the globe. ACT I is structured around specialized business units dedicated to delivering proven solutions and services to our customers across our suite of services: Acquisition Strategy, Program Management, Engineering, Logistics, Financial Management, Intelligence Support, Security and Cyber, Contract Negotiation Support, and Security Cooperation Assistance.


Join the ACT I family where you can achieve great accomplishments while fostering a satisfying and rewarding career progression. Please apply directly through the website at: http://act-i.com/careers/. #joinAC_I

For any additional questions or to submit any referrals, please contact: eshirkman@act.i.com / tbest@act-i.com/cpearson@act-i.com

ACT I is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Management and Program Analyst	US Administration for Children and Families	Washington, DC	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Department of Health And Human Services, Administration for Children and Families, Office of Government Contracting, located in Washington, District of Columbia.
Responsibilities
Leads the management of complex funding actions and supports other staff for the successful and timely execution of all approved financial and programmatic actions.
Directly supports response efforts in addition to daily operations as assigned.
Reviews and reconciles individual government purchase card reports and resolves discrepancies with the appropriate agencies.
Serves as the organization's liaison for financial support for both Micropurchase and above procurements.
Analyzes and evaluates the management practices and methods, and administrative operations of substantive organizations and complex functions.
Assures the accuracy of background and supporting information is provided in all financial and correspondence packages from cradle to grave.
Serves as a Contracting Officer Representative (COR) on contracts as required and maintains a FAC-COR Level II or III certification.
Serves as a Project and Program Manager (P/PM) as required and maintains a FAC-P/PM Level I or II certification.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Administrative Services Managers
Analysts, Management
Analysts, Program
Management Analysts
Managers, Administrative Services
Managers, All Other
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship required
Registered or exempt from Selective Service (www.sss.gov)
If not previously completed, a background security investigation will be required for all appointees. Appointment will be subject to the applicant's successful completion of a background security investigation and favorable adjudication.
One year probationary period may be required
If you are selected for this position, the documentation that you present for purposes of completing the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 will be verified through the DHS ""E-Verify"" System.
All Federal employees are required to have Federal salary payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their choice.
Financial disclosure statement may be required.
Bargaining Unit Position: Yes
Drug Screening Required: No
Research position: No
Qualifications
Applicants must demonstrate that they meet the Specialized Experience requirements as noted below.

Specialized Experience:
GS-13: You must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-12 level in the Federal service that includes the following:
Utilizing qualitative and/or quantitative methods to evaluate administrative operations;
Advising organizational leadership on how best practices could be adopted throughout an organization; and
Conducting studies to identify and/or propose solutions to management problems.
Selective Placement Factor (SPF): This position requires a SPF be met in order to meet minimum requirements for the position. Applicants who do not meet the SPF are ineligible for further consideration.
Possess an active/valid Federal Acquisition Certification for Contracting Officer's Representative (FAC-COR) Level II or III certification and a Project and Program Manager (P/PM) Level I or II certification. Applicants must submit copies of an active/valid FAC-COR Level II or III and a FAC-P/PM Level I or II certifications with application.
NOTE(s):
Experience: Your resume must support your claim of experience or you may be found ineligible.
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through national Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to gain employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. If such experience is on a part-time basis, you must provide the average number of hours worked per week as well as the beginning and ending dates of the experience so it can be fully credited.

All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of the announcement.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
INCENTIVES
Incentives may be authorized; however, this is contingent upon multiple factors, including funds availability. If authorized, certain incentives may require you to sign a service agreement to remain in the Federal government for a period of up to 3 years. Note: This statement does not imply nor guarantee an incentive will be offered and paid. Incentives may include the following: moving expenses, recruitment or relocation incentive; student loan repayment, superior qualifications appointment, creditable service for annual leave for prior non-federal work experience or prior uniformed military service, etc.

In accordance with Executive Order 12564 of September 14, 1986, The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is A Drug-Free Federal Workplace. The use of illegal drugs, on or off duty, by Federal employees is inconsistent not only with the law-abiding behavior expected of all citizens, but also with the special trust placed in such employees as servants of the public.

Veterans' Preference - https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx

Reasonable Accommodation: This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please see Agency Contact Information for whom to contact for more info. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. You must contact the HR contact on the vacancy announcement at least three business days before the closing date of this announcement to receive assistance. For more information on disability employment, please visit https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/disability-employment/

Selective Service: Males born after December 31, 1959 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service - http://www.sss.gov

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): For information on how to apply as an ICTAP eligible see http://opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp#ictap. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, displaced Federal employees must be rated at 85.0 or above on the rating criteria for this position.

Political appointment: Beginning January 1, 2010, agencies must seek prior approval from OPM before they can appoint a current or recent political appointee to a competitive or non-political excepted service position at any level under the provisions of title 5, United States Code. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, or Non-career SES employee in the executive branch, you MUST disclose that to the Human Resources Office.

If you are unable to apply online, please go to https://help.usastaffing.gov/Apply/index.php?title=Alternate_Application_Information for more information on our alternate application method.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Additional selections may be made for similar positions across the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) within the local commuting area(s) of the location identified in this announcement. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with interested selecting official(s) at HHS. Clearance of CTAP/ICTAP will be applied for similar positions across HHS.


Once the application process is complete, a review of the resume and supporting documentation will be made and compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine if you are qualified for this job. If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility. Category rating procedures will be used to rate and rank candidates. The category assignment is a measure of the degree in which your background matches the competencies required for this position. Qualified candidates will be ranked into one of three categories:

Best Qualified - Applicants who have experience that is almost identical to those required by the position.
Well Qualified - Applicants who have experience that is very similar to those required by the position.
Qualified - Applicants who meet minimum qualification requirements, but do not identify any additional qualifying experience or skill.


Candidates in the highest category will be referred to the hiring agency.

The Category Rating Process does not add veterans' preference points but protects the rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category. Preference eligibles who meet the minimum qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 percent must be listed in the highest quality category (except in the case of scientific or professional positions at the GS-9 level or higher).

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics):
Administration and Management
Communication
Planning and Evaluating
Risk Management

To preview the assessment questionnaire, click the following link: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11140522

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
Submission of a resume alone IS NOT a complete application. You must provide a complete online Application Package which includes:

Your Resume must clearly articulate how your skills and experiences align to the criteria defined in the qualifications section of this announcement and it must support your responses to the assessment questionnaire. For each position you must describe your duties, accomplishments, related skills, and responsibilities. Your resume must also include the day, month, and year that you began and ended as well as hours worked per week (if less than 40) for each position held. Full-time employment will be assumed unless otherwise stated on your resume. Part-time employment will be prorated in crediting experience. Not providing this information may result in the lowering of your assessment score or an ineligible rating. For resume writing guidance, please visit the USAJobs Resource Center or view their video tutorial.
A complete Assessment Questionnaire (https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11140522)
Other Supporting Documents: (Only Submit if applicable to you.)
Veterans' Preference documentation:
Discharged Veterans: If you are claiming 5 point preference, you must submit a copy of your DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that supports dates of service and discharge status; if claiming 10 point preference, an application for 10-Point Veterans Preference (SF-15) and an official document dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs or from a branch of the Armed Forces, and/or any other associated documentation based on your preference.
Active Duty Members: Under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to Hire Heroes Act of 2011, if claiming 5 point preference, submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
ICTAP/CTAP Documentation:
A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for failure to relocate, notice of disability annuity termination, or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement;
A copy of your SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'', documenting your RIF separation, noting your positions, grade level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc;
A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and
Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.
You are not required to submit official documents at this time; copies are sufficient.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens"	469	Washington
IT Support Engineer III/Senior	Novavax, Inc.	Gaithersburg, MD 20878	None	"If you find science, speed, and success exhilarating, you have come to the right place.
Novavax, Inc. (Nasdaq: NVAX) is a biotechnology company that promotes improved health globally through the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative vaccines to prevent serious infectious diseases. Novavax is currently conducting multiple late-stage clinical trials for NVX-CoV2373, our vaccine candidate against the virus that causes COVID-19, and has recently reported exciting and highly encouraging initial efficacy results. NanoFlu, our quadrivalent influenza nanoparticle vaccine, met all primary objectives in its pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial in older adults. Both candidate vaccines incorporate Novavax' proprietary saponin-based Matrix-M adjuvant to enhance the immune response and stimulate high levels of neutralizing antibodies. Novavax is a leading innovator of recombinant vaccines. Our proprietary technology platform leverages the power and speed of genetic engineering to efficiently produce highly immunogenic nanoparticles in order to address urgent global health needs.
Novavax, Inc. is headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland with additional facilities in Uppsala, Sweden and Bohumil, Czech Republic.
We are seeking a full-time IT Support Engineer III/Sr to provide desktop day-to-day support for all Novavax customers. This person will also be a back up to provide support for Executives /VPs and their executive assistants. This role requires a high level of technical proficiency and requires an individual with executive presence and strong communication skills. They must be able to quickly and effectively diagnose and resolve issues related to Windows and Mac workstations, mobile devices, printers, videoconferencing, Skype for Business/Teams, enterprise application software, telecommunication issues, and potentially local network issues. The IT Support Engineer III/Sr reports to the IT Service Desk Manager, as part of the IT Service Desk.
The IT Support Engineer III/Sr is expected to be a full member of the Service Desk team, performing all of the expected end user support and system support and maintenance within the organization's desktop computing environment. This includes installing, diagnosing, repairing, maintaining, and upgrading all hardware and equipment (including but not limited to laptops, desktops, monitors, printers, and peripherals) to ensure optimal workstation performance and reliability. They will also troubleshoot problem areas (in person, by phone, or via remote access) with wired and wireless network connectivity, collaboration hardware and software, VPN connectivity, etc.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Perform daily support rounds with executive personnel, reporting general status and open issues
Adherence to service level standards and agreements
Ability to organize and prioritize multiple tasks, maintain records, and to work with interruptions.
Conduct training programs designed to educate users about basic and specialized applications, especially collaboration systems
Respond to hardware and application support queries and issues reported to the IT Service Desk
Set up Voice and Video and collaboration tools for meetings and presentations
Provide user and email account administration, i.e., password resets, account moves, adds, and changes in Active Directory and Office 365
Use diagnostic tools to troubleshoot problems associated with network connectivity and workstation hardware/software
Use imaging tools and methodologies to load, copy, and customize operating system configurations for deployment
Track hardware and software for end user equipment as well as laboratory equipment.
Take ticket ownership and responsibility of queries, issues, and problems assigned to the IT Service Desk
Work with vendor support contacts to resolve technical issues within the desktop environment
Escalate issues when required in order to resolve issues as quickly as possible
Install and support Microsoft Office and Windows applications
Develops new Knowledge Articles and SOP's as needed with guidance from Service Desk Manager
Ability to review and evaluate operating procedures and recommend improvements.
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with all staff
May function as project leader on small projects
Perform other tasks and responsibilities as assigned by the manager
Minimum requirements:
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education, training and experience.
Significant experience supporting Microsoft Windows 10 desktop/laptops and Apple MacOS and iOS technologies and devices
Specific Microsoft Outlook/Exchange, including advanced troubleshooting
Ability to manage multiple priorities and operate under pressure
A professional and courteous verbal and written communications style is a key success factor
Must have well developed problem-solving skills
Must be adept at learning and becoming quickly proficient at end user and desktop management software applications; the candidate must be skilled in the Microsoft Office 365 suite of applications
Novavax is headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland with additional facilities in Uppsala, Sweden and Bohumil, Czech Republic. Novavax is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol NVAX and is dedicated to developing novel vaccines to address infectious disease.
Novavax offers a base salary, annual bonus, equity grants, professional career development/growth opportunities, and a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, Rx, STD, LTD, Life, Optional Life, 401(k) plan.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Novavax is an equal employment opportunity employer. Employment and advancement opportunities are available to all individuals on an at-will basis, regardless of their race, color, national origin, religion, ancestry, citizenship status, military or veteran status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, disability, genetic information, protective hairstyle, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
#LI-SH1"	469	Washington
Sr. Program Management and Acquisition Specialist	Modern Technology Solutions, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	None	"Overview:
Modern Technology Solutions, Inc. (MTSI) is seeking a Sr. Program Management and Acquisition Specialist to join our team in Washington, DC. MTSI is a 100% employee-owned engineering firm focused on defense and intelligence related technology development programs.
Why is MTSI known as a Great Place to Work?
Interesting Work: Our co-workers support some of the most important and critical programs to our national defense and security.
Values: Our first core value is that employees come first. We challenge our co-workers to provide the highest level of support and service, and reward them with some of the best benefits in the industry.
100% Employee Ownership: we have a stake in each other's success, and the success of our customers. It's also nice to know what's going on across the company; we have company wide town-hall meetings three times a year.
Great Benefits:
20 days PTO/year + 10 holidays/year
Flexible schedules
6% 401k match with immediate vesting
Semi-annual bonus eligibility (July and December)
Company funded Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) - a separate qualified retirement account
Up to $10,000 in annual tuition reimbursement
Other company funded benefits
Optional zero deductible Blue Cross/Blue Shield health insurance plan
Track Record of Success: We have grown every year since our founding in 1993
For additional company information, please visit: www.mtsi-va.com
Responsibilities:
Perform requirements analysis and traceability, conduct market research, prepare draft acquisition documents, establish and implement program plans and milestones, track program schedules, correspondence action items, and financial reports
Evaluate the design and reliability of new equipment for potential procurement
Provide guidance and recommendations on the administration of acquisition efforts
Advise the program manager and staff on the status of acquisition efforts
Track program schedules, correspondence action items, and financial reports
Track deliverables/progress and invoicing
Review final documentation
Plan and develop program management products
Qualifications:
Master’s degree in Management, Engineering, Law, Acquisition/Contract Management plus at least 12 years of relevant experience in manned or unmanned aircraft system operations and/or acquisition
DoD (or DHS equivalent) Acquisition Professional Development Certified/Acquisition Core Certified preferred
Level III in Program Management
Level III in Systems Planning, Research, Development and Engineering
Level I in Test and Engineering
DoD Program/Project Management experience preferred
Air Vehicle/Systems Engineering experience required
Requirements Analysis and Management experience required
Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS) Documentation experience required
DoD Programming, Planning, and Budgeting experience required
Professional, effective communication and presentation skills, both oral and written, required
Individual must submit to a CBP background investigation (BI); a favorably adjudicated BI will be required to maintain this position
Individual must possess or be eligible for a DHS High Risk - Public Trust Suitability / Fitness Determination. The individual must be eligible for a DoD Secret Clearance.
#LI-MR1"	469	Washington
NIH-NIAID-VRC-Pharmacovigilance Clinical Program Manager	Axle Informatics	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

Axle Informatics is a bioinformatics and information technology company that offers innovative computer services, informatics, and enterprise solutions to research centers and healthcare organizations around the globe. With experts in software engineering, bioinformatics and program management, we focus on developing and applying technology tools and techniques to empower decision-making and accelerate the discovery in translational research. We work with some of the top research organizations and facilities in the country including multiple institutes at the National Institutes of health (NIH).
Axle is seeking a highly ambitious, adaptable, structured, and detail oriented Pharmacovigilance Clinical Program Manager to join our vibrant team at Bethesda, MD.
Responsibilities
Oversee all aspects of the VRC CTP Pharmacovigilance Program, which leads the process for safety signal management activities, and ensure the detection, assessment, understanding and prevention of safety events for each investigational product (IP) the VRC manufactures for clinical research.
Provide tactical leadership for the VRC CTP Pharmacovigilance Program/Team.
Create and adapt pharmacovigilance procedures based on prevailing domestic and international regulations, VRC polices/procedures, etc.
Review safety events for completeness and trends; analyze comprehensive safety data in consultation with PV team; communicate findings to VRC’s Office of Regulatory Sciences.
Participate on cross functional, multidisciplinary teams and contribute to defining aggregate reporting guidelines.
Draft, review and finalize PV data agreements with collaborators who receive VRC-manufactured investigational products.
Work with VRC’s external partners to gather PV information/data and review it utilizing the PV data system platform (ARGUS).
Author/provide strategic input or oversight for PV related sections of periodic regulatory documents (i.e. IND annual reports, DSURs, IB updates) according to the agreed process and timelines.
Monitor and evaluate safety profiles of VRC manufactured investigational products to detect any change in risk profile.
Collaborate with VRC CTP protocol operations, medical, quality and risk management teams to ensure coordinated and effective risk mitigation strategies throughout the product lifecycle.
Assign projects and set deadlines for PV Team staff and facilitate PV team meetings.
Maintain knowledge of vaccine and monoclonal antibody safety profiles and product development status; review relevant biomedical literature or other scientific data.
Experience Required / Requirements
Clinical Advanced degree (NP, PA, MD, etc.) is required.
Minimum 3 -5 years’ experience in PV with significant experience in preparing regulatory documents.
Knowledge of clinical trial and PV methodologies including safety profile and risk/benefit analysis and detailed comprehension of global regulatory requirements in PV
Experience with MedDRA and drug coding reviews.
Minimum of 5 to 10 years’ related experience in a biotechnology, pharmaceutical company, government, or CRO environment.
Strong experience in the conduct and management of clinical trials, especially phase I – III vaccine or monoclonal antibody clinical trials. Strong background in clinical trial drug safety is required
An understanding of medical terminology and ability to summarize medical information is required.
Personnel management experience is required.
Strong attention to detail and follow-up skills is required.
Must be flexible and willing to take on significant administrative responsibilities.
Must take initiative and have ability to work independently and as a team member, offering assistance wherever needed.
Must be able to create contingency plans to deal with possible challenges and roadblocks.
Good computer and database skills, familiarity with ARGUS platform is preferred.
Benefits
100% Medical, Dental & Vision premium coverage for Employees
Paid Time Off (Including Holidays)
Employee Referral Bonus
401K Match
Tuition reimbursement and professional development opportunities
Flexible Spending Accounts:
Healthcare (FSA)
Parking Reimbursement Account (PRK)
Dependent Care Assistant Program (DCAP)
Transportation Reimbursement Account (TRN)
The diversity of Axle’s employees is a tremendous asset. We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment-based age, race, gender, religion, national origin, disability, marital status, covered veteran status, sexual orientation, status with respect to public assistance, and other characteristics protected under state, federal, or local law and to deter those who aid, abet, or induce discrimination or coerce others to discriminate.
Accessibility: If you need an accommodation as part of the employment process please contact:

Email: careers@axleinfo.com
Disclaimer: The above description is meant to illustrate the general nature of work and level of effort being performed by individual’s assigned to this position or job description. This is not restricted as a complete list of all skills, responsibilities, duties, and/or assignments required. Individuals may be required to perform duties outside of their position, job description or responsibilities as needed."	469	Washington
Senior Manager, Air Quality (Chief of Party, Clean Air Catalyst)	World Resources Institute	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	None	"Job Summary

In this role, you will serve as Chief of Party for the Clean Air Catalyst. Reporting to the Director, Air Quality, you will work closely with the Global Co-Leads for Air Quality to ensure that the Catalyst strategy aligns with and leverages WRI’s broader air quality strategy. You will also contribute to WRI’s institutional strategy for engagement with USAID across various aspects of cities, climate, and environmental programming.

This position is remote due to COVID-19, but will be based at WRI’s office in Washington, DC once restrictions have lifted.


Job Responsibilities

Chief of Party for Clean Air Catalyst Program: 85%

Liaise with USAID to refine and adapt Catalyst activities, workplan, monitoring, evaluation, and learning, and other project structures to meet project goals
Oversee the budget of the project and ensure effective use of funds to deliver impact
Articulate project successes and lessons learned to USAID and USG constituencies
Regularly liaise with global project partners; support pilot team leads in maintaining relationships with pilot partners
In consultation with Air Quality Directors at WRI and EDF, lead strategy development, assessment, and scaling throughout the lifecycle of the Catalyst
Lead large project team across multiple WRI offices to support the execution of the Catalyst project. Direct oversight of Management group
Oversee and coordinate activities of pilot teams within the Catalyst framework, in collaboration with technical leads and pilot Project Managers
Ensure the project is compliant with USAID Rules and Regulations (2 CFR 200, 2 CFR 700; ADS 300, Chapter 303, Grants and Cooperative Agreements; ADS 300, Chapter 302, Direct Contracting) as well as WRI standard operations and protocol
Liaison between Catalyst and other teams at WRI: 15%

Identify work at WRI AQ and Climate programs that has synergies with Catalyst
Contribute to ongoing institutional discussions about further work with USAID on Cities, Climate, and environmental topics
Job Qualifications

Advanced degree and/or experience in at least one of the following areas: climate change, air quality, environmental health preferred but not required
Minimum 15 years of relevant full-time work experience, with 10+ years of experience in project management and project implementation in an international setting Management experience in a USAID programme of comparable size and scope
Entrepreneurial experience (including development of new programs within larger institutions) is required
Experience leading geographically distributed coalitions of partners through implementation of complex, adaptive strategies in evolving environments
Strategic planning experience and track record of effectively managing and mitigating risk
Experience in program development including fundraising and partnership development in particular
Potential Salary

$108,000 - $146,000. Salary is commensurate with experience and other compensable factors.

How to Apply

Please submit a resume with cover letter. Applicants must apply through the WRI Careers portal to be considered.

Program Overview

WRI’s air quality program is a global initiative that seeks to identify, build awareness of, and eliminate the root causes of air pollution that damages climate, human, and ecosystem health. The program has three main areas of work: (i) engagement with city stakeholders to use participatory science to diagnose and develop targeted, cost-effective clean air solutions to protect human health and climate, (ii) working with the science community to convert innovative methods into tools and products that communities and policymakers can use to better manage their impact on the atmosphere, and (iii) working with national governments and business networks to design and implement broader regional-to-global air quality governance. It is a part of the WRI Ross Center on Sustainable Cities, with additional oversight from the Data Lab and engagement with Climate, Governance, Energy, and other programs at WRI. The team is global, with senior experts distributed across WRI’s network of international offices. This position will focus in particular on the Clean Air Catalyst, a USAID-funded consortium (Cooperative Agreement) that WRI is leading with EDF and other partners. The consortium, a currently funded at up to $20M program over 5 years (2020-2025), includes 7 global atmospheric science, public health, media, and policy partners. It works in three pilot regions with WRI international offices and local partners to test and refine a three-part data to action methodology for improving air quality and delivering climate and development co-benefits.


WRI Overview

World Resources Institute (WRI) is an independent, nonprofit global research organization that turns big ideas into action at the nexus of environment, economic opportunity and human well-being. We are working to address seven critical challenges that the world must overcome this decade in order to secure a sustainable future for people and the planet: climate change, energy, food, forests, water, sustainable cities, and the ocean.

We are passionate. We value our diversity of interests, skills and backgrounds. We have a flexible work environment. And we share a common goal to catalyze change that will improve the lives of people. Our shared ideals are at the core of our approach. They include: integrity, innovation, urgency, independence and respect.

The foundation of our work is delivering high-quality research, data, maps and analysis to solve the world’s greatest environment and international development challenges, and improve people’s lives. We work with leaders in government, business and civil society to drive ambitious action and create change on the ground. Equally important, we bring together partners to develop breakthrough ideas and scale-up solutions for far-reaching, enduring impact.

We have been growing rapidly: our staff has doubled in size over the past 5 years and our operating budget is now $150 million. Founded in 1982, WRI has a global staff of 1,000+ people with work spanning 60 countries. We have offices in Africa , Brazil , China , Europe , India , Indonesia , Mexico and the United States as well as a growing presence in other countries and regions.

WRI is committed to advancing gender and social equity for human well-being in our mission and applies this principle to our organizational and programmatic practices."	469	Washington
Task Order Project Manager	Amyx, Inc.	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Overview:

Amyx, Inc. is seeking to hire a Cybersecurity Task Order Project Manager, to be located at DLA Headquarters, Fort Belvoir, VA.
Responsibilities:

Daily Tasks:
Serves as the project manager for a large, complex task order (or a group of task orders affecting the same migration system). Assist the Program Manager in working with the Government Contracting Officer (KO), the task order-level COR and COTRs, Government management personnel and customer agency representatives. Responsible for the overall management of the specific task order(s) and ensuring that the technical solutions and schedules in the task order are implemented in a timely manner.
The Cybersecurity Task Order Project Manager primary job responsibilities will include:
Performs enterprise wide horizontal integration planning and interfaces to other functional systems.

Track the authorization status of Information Systems (ISs) (Platform IT (PIT), IT Services and IT Products) that includes expiration of all authorization decisions (e.g. Interim Authorization to Test (IATT), Authorization to Operate (ATO), ATO w/Conditions) and the submission of RMF packages throughout the system’s development lifecycle.

Coordinate with or participate in meetings, with other Federal, DoD, DLA, and private/ industry organizations.

Ensure Quality Assurance and continual process improvement in the delivery of IT security services.

Provide guidance and respond to inquiries from PM/SM, ISSM, ISSO, and other Client’s personnel on the DoD/Client’s RMF process, current status of submitted packages, and their authorization status.

Review IT security documentation (e.g., artifacts, Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&Ms), actual assessment results) provided with an authorization request and provide information to support the RMF reviews.
Supported Technologies:
eMASS
Sharepoint

Office Products

Qualifications:

Desired Skills:
Three (3) years of DLA Cybersecurity experience.

Three (3) years of DLA Information Technology (IT) experience

Experience with DISA SRGs and STIGs.
Required Skills:
Demonstrated leadership experience in projects of similar size and complexity.

Six years general IT experience.

Six years Cybersecurity experience.

Must possess a DOD Secret Clearance

DOD 8570.01 IAM level III (CISSP, CISM, or GSLC)

Must possess a Risk Management Professional credential

Must possess a Project Management Professional (PMP) certification or equivalent

Strong knowledge of RMF.
Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.

Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.



Physical Demands

Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential."	469	Washington
Project Manager	IEM	Arlington, VA	None	"Why Join IEM?
We are a woman owned company in Emergency Management that embraces teamwork, collaboration, flexible performance, actionable solutions and integrity/ethics. Our work touches everyone. We produce results that matter. Results that save lives – join us while we build a safe, secure and resilient world.
Our Culture:
IEMers believe in the greater good and it is our commitment to attract those who have excellent technical skills, creative minds and innovative ideas to keep propelling us forward.
Primary Location: Client Site(s) in Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD OR Crystal City, VA
Job Summary:
IEM is looking for a suitable candidate to support a potential Department of Defense customer as the Project Manager of a team providing Test and Evaluation (T&E) Information and Data Management System prototyping and demonstration support; this system is based on a configurable low-code cloud-based enterprise software solution combining project management, content (data and documents) management, workflow management, application integration, and business intelligence/data analytics capabilities in order to more efficiently plan and execute T&E projects, manage the T&E results data and reports, and track organizational performance metrics.
Responsibilities:
Provide management, direction, administration, quality management, and leadership of the execution of the prototype development and demonstration project leading to field deployment.
Act as the overall lead, manager, and administrator for the effort.
Direct efforts of cross-competency teams including Contractors at multiple locations and shall serve as the primary interface and POC with Government program authorities and representatives on technical and project issues.
Responsible for regularly briefing leadership on program status and milestones including leading technical demonstrations of prototype system during various phases of development.
Oversee and manage overall project execution schedule by developing procedures, planning and directing execution of the contractual, technical, multi-disciplinary engineering, programming, maintenance, and administrative support effort, and monitoring and reporting progress.
Manage acquisition and employment of project resources and control financial and administrative aspects of the project. Notifies the CORs, immediately, of any problems or issues

Requirements:
Possess a Master of Business and Management (MBM), a Master of Business Administration (MBA), or a master’s degree in a related technical discipline (e.g., Engineering, Computer Science, or Electronics). A Bachelor’s degree with additional years of experience is acceptable.
Possess a minimum of 5 years of Project Management experience managing complex projects in an IT engineering or big data environment.
Possess a minimum of 3 years of experience managing projects utilizing non-traditional program management methodologies (e.g., Agile) in a big data environment.
Possess knowledge of current Department of the Army, Army Test and Evaluation Command (ATEC) T&E process Life Cycle and all existing T&E information, data management and sharing systems.
Possess knowledge of Army’s digital transformation plan to accelerate and improve T&E and other data and information sharing by empowering a digital workforce with democratized access to data, collaboration tools, and advanced analytics.
Possess an active certification in one of the following:
Project Management Institute (PMI) Project Management Professional (PMP), PMI Program Management Professional (PgMP) certification, or equivalent program or project management certification.
Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FAC P/PM) Level 3.
Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) Level III Program Management certification
Hold an ACTIVE SECRET CLEARANCE or higher.
Knowledge of and/or experience with Cloud Hosted data/information sharing and analysis systems under Impact Levels 5 and 6 is a plus.

Benefits and more:
10 paid holidays
Vacation pay
Sick pay
401 (K) plan with matching
Company paid STD and LTD

IEM is an Equal Opportunity Employer including Vets and Disabled

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
XJ6"	469	Washington
Electrician III	Children's National Hospital	Washington, DC 20010 (Catholic University area)	None	"Description
This position encompasses all duties of a level I and II electrician. Repairs, installs, replaces and tests all electrical equipment, to include emergency generators and controls, automatic transfer switches, all electrical sub-stations, over-current devices, trouble shoots primary feeder and motor control systems, variable Frequency Drives and other associated equipment. Repairs, replaces and tests electronic controls for all air conditioning units and switchgears throughout the hospital complex and extended campuses, especially those controls specifically connected to the building automated system. Inspects electrical work completed by contractors and staff electricians. Ensures that repairs and new installation are compliant with current electrical codes. Reports all concerns to the designated manager. Basic knowledge of fire alarm components and fire alarm system. This position may be subject to variable hours or shifts. Responds to all hospital emergencies of any nature which include but is not limited to leaks, fire alarms, odors, snow removal, etc. This position must have a valid driver 's license and the ability to operate hospital vehicles.

Qualifications
Minimum Education
High School Diploma or GED

2 year technical degree in electrical technology (Preferred) Or
4 year Electrical Engineering Degree (Preferred)

Minimum Work Experience
5 years - Related and progressively responsible experience with the electrical trade. Working knowledge of all applicable NFP A, EP A & OSHA standards related to the position (Required)
7 years - Related and progressively responsible experience within the electrical in Healthcare. (Preferred)

Required Licenses and Certifications
Must carry an active DCRA Master Electrician License (Required)

Functional Accountabilities

Operate Building Automation System
1. Operate building automation system as it relates to the electrical power distribution in the hospital.

Installs Electrical Systems/Circuits
1. Assemble, install and connect components of switchboards and distribution panels and connect them to transformers, lighting fixtures, or
other equipment.

Member of Emergency Team
1. Act as a member of the internal and external disaster team.
2. Respond to all hospital emergencies to include but is not limited to: fire alarms leaks, outages and elevator trap calls.

Materials Management
1. Identify materials and tools needed to carry out job function. Make sure purchase orders and reports are legible, accurate, complete and on
time.

Code Compliance
1. Make sure that all electrical work is completed within codes by the governing body having jurisdiction
2. Establish and ensures compliance with work schedules.

Corrective and Preventive Maintenance
1. Perform corrective maintenance on equipment in accordance with manufacturer specifications
2. Perform preventive maintenance of the electrical systems in accordance with manufacturer specifications.
3. Troubleshoot electrical equipment and systems to determine functional problems and makes repairs as needed.
4. Maintain corrective tickets, PM cards, project sheets and keep the status board up-to-date

Quality Assurance
1. Take the initiative to identify and report deficiencies in the physical plant of the hospital
2. Diagnose and resolve trouble ticket/work orders thoroughly until completed
3. When necessary, routinely follow up with manager to communicate or request assistance in order to complete work orders, when necessary ,
4. Follow up with requestor after completion of a work order to ensure problem has been corrected.
5. Routinely utilize all safety measures as related to work orders and specific task

Electrician Competencies
1. Repair, install, replace and test all electrical equipment, to include emergency generators and controls, automatic transfer switches all electrical sub-stations, over-current devices, trouble shoots primary feeder and motor control systems.
2. Utilize the infrared scanning devices to perform predictive maintenance throughout the facility.
3. Document the performance of all electrical protective devices.
4. Isolate defects in wiring, switches, motors and other electrical equipment using amp-meter , volt-ohm meter , meg-ohm meter , primary injection tester , and ground fault tester .
5. Conduct safety checks throughout the hospital complex.
6. Act as a mentor to other electrician’s without a Master’s License.

Reads Blueprints Estimates Materials
1. Study blueprints and diagrams to ascertain layout, location and specifications of items to be installed.
2. Estimate quantities of materials needed and prepares requisitions.
3. Assemble, install and connect component unit controls.
4. Mount motors, transformers, lighting fixtures, or other equipment into position and complete circuits, according to diagram specifications.

Repair Test Controls

1. Repair, replace and test electronic controls for all air conditioning units throughout the hospital complex, especially those controls specifically connected to the building automated system.

Primary Location: District of Columbia-WASHINGTON
Work Locations: Sheikh Zayed Campus 111 Michigan Avenue Washington 20010
Job: Facilities / Security
Organization: Real Estate
Regular / Temporary: R (Regular)
Position Status: FT - Full-Time
Shift: Day
Work Schedule: 7AM - 3:30PM M-F
Job Posting: Dec 2, 2020, 1:36:58 PM"	469	Washington
Functional Management Operational Support (Entry Level) PD	Chrysalis4Wealth Inc.	Alexandria, VA	None	"Summary:

The Functional Management (FM) Operational Support (Entry Level) is associated with the C4W Aspirant program. It is intended to train, mentor and develop future business managers/owners. The selected candidate serves as a principle team member supporting C4W leadership in the planning, implementation and normalization of enterprise-wide day-to-day, monthly, and year-end marketing, community outreach, financial services and tax school operations. The FM consults with C4W leadership to provide accurate assessment of current challenges, implementation of solutions, and aids in ensuring organizational clarity when developing and implementing strategic direction and guidance. Additionally, the FM acts in a fiduciary capacity in the execution of his/her internal and external duties.

Key Attributes:

Possess basic mathematic skills
Ability to obtain a functional knowledge of IRS Tax Laws and willingness to involve in continuous education
Ability and willingness to obtain functional knowledge of financial service (risk mitigation and financial planning) and commitment to pursue continuous education
Excellent verbal and written skills in Proficient in English
Ability to multi-task
Ability to establish priorities
Organize efficiently
Knowledge of computers and familiarity with Microsoft, Liberty Tax and C4W productivity software

Duties:

I. Functional Management: Assisting the Chrysalis4Wealth, Inc CEO/Managing Partner(s) with the day-to-day, montly, and year-end operations.

i. Support staffing activities to include, job posting, interviewing and hiring activities

ii. Support development and implementation of entity-level strategic planning and operational procedures

iii. Support entity-level annual budget preparation

iv. Promote Chrysalis4Wealth’s culture of personal and professional growth development

v. Support online posting, preparation and presentation of John Maxwell Team (JMT), Dreamtrip, and Chrysalis Protection and Wealth Solutions (CPAWS) activities

vi. Provide year-round quality client service, prepare accurate tax returns, check returns, offer insurance policies and financial related product and services (if applicable), and performs general office duties all in accordance with the Company's policies and procedures

vii. Perform other duties and tasks as needed and assigned.

II. Marketing: Assist C4W leadership with Marketing campaign activities to seed for a fruitful tax season and generate year-round insurance and financial services clients.

i. Support the planning and execution of the Guerrilla Marketing and public relations programs and activities in accordance with (IAW) Company’s policies and procedures (to include wearing C4W and Liberty attire when appropriate)

1. Coordinate with C4W leadership to develop the annual marketing plan

2. Support tax School marketing and advertising activities

3. Work with C4W leadership to develop and implement Plus Services marketing activities (insurance, bookkeeping, notary, ITINs, etc)

III. Hispanic Brand Outreach: Support entity-level Hispanic Certification and Siempre Tax Plus Services integration activities

i. Coordinate with C4W leadership to market and establish a fiduciary relationship with individuals, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), and businesses in the Hispanic community

ii. Research, develop and implement strategy to partnership with NGO and immigrant help groups

IV. Tax School: Support annual Tax School activities, as needed to provide a top quality, highly trained tax preparers. Related responsibilities may include but are not limited to helping the principal:

i. Develop tax season class schedules, advertise, and recruit candidates for tax school

ii. Conduct administrative management of Tax School to include tracking inquiries, phone calls and student enrollments

iii. Provide input for curriculum enhancement…designs and develops curriculum content, training materials, training modules, teaching aids

iv. Manage, create and maintain setup documentation for compliance. This includes program binders, syllabi, textbooks, etc.

v. Develop and formalize a robust quality assurance review process of existing training program

vi. Establish a process to review and include feedback from end of course surveys, and student evaluations into the quality assurance and course maintenance processes.

vii. Plan, develop and produce curriculum materials, processes and best practices that highly effective in improving student outcomes.

viii. Continuously improve student outcomes through the seamless integration of seasoned tax preparer experience

V. Financial Services Support: The primary purpose of the Financial Services support is to perform moderately complex administrative and client services tasks for the business owner, putting the needs of the client first and providing exceptional service every single time.

i. Establishing new accounts and processing account changes; submitting new business, changes, deposits, etc. to home office

ii. Reviewing, tracking and monitoring all pending business and service requests to ensure follow up and completion; reviewing and responding to Customer Service Log (CSL) issues, keeping the Advisor updated on problem logs and escalating to back office management as needed

iii. Maintaining calendar for financial advisors and firm; scheduling appointments with clients, prospects, wholesalers and others; preparing outbound call list

iv. Preparing and mailing correspondence and marketing materials; assembling prospect and new client packets

v. Preparing for and attending client events

vi. Developing and maintaining files in a manner that facilitates rapid retrieval and satisfies all broker/dealer compliance requirements

vii. Maintaining cash and securities received blotter to the specifications of broker/dealer

viii. Maintaining firm’s procedures and recovery manual and developing, refining, writing and updating procedures and checklists related to each job function of the position

ix. May also perform special projects as assigned.

x. Income tax data entry/preparation

VI. Professional Development: Maintain up to date in job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities as determined by C4W needs; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks and participating in professional organizations."	469	Washington
Security Operations Center Lead	OBXtek Inc.	Lanham, MD	None	Responsibilities: OBXtek is currently looking for a Security Operations Center Lead to support the IRS in Lanham, Maryland.The functions of this position will be:To manage daily business of the SOC, which includes threat monitoring and analysis, incident response, vulnerability management, along with various other activities across on-premises and cloud-based infrastructure systems, applications, and data.To provide the overall relationship management for operational service delivery activities and manages end‐to‐end service ownership.To prepares and delivers weekly, monthly, and quarterly SOC Order Status Reports consisting of a summary of SOC activities; SOC performance and investment metrics and trends; the status of security incidents by category; statistics for event and incident tickets, call logs, investigatory cases, and security event notifications; and actions accomplished during the respective reporting period in performance of the work requirement.*Duties: *Manages operation and performance of Security Operations Center (SOC).Assigns shift managers who oversee and direct activity on each shift to achieve 7x24x365 SOC management coverage.Lead activities of staff performing cyber incident handling, non-compliance reporting, user activity monitoring, and malware and forensic analysis.Coordinates 24x7 staffing to support mission-critical operations, including incident response, and manages surge support.Drives implementation and adoption of new tools, capabilities, frameworks, and methodologies.Ensure compliance to Service Level Agreements (SLAs).Identify and communicate operational risks and major issues.Oversee threat management and identify threat vectors to aid in the development of use cases for security monitoring.Drive continuous improvement of SOC operations and service delivery quality.Respond to computer security incidents by collecting, analyzing, preserving digital evidence and ensure that incidents are recorded and tracked.Maintains records of security monitoring and incident response activities.Monitors and analyzes Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) to identify security issues for remediation.Recognizes potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises thorough reviews and analyses of relevant event detail and summary information.Manages cybersecurity services to protect IT infrastructure and resources, information systems, and the information used in these environments from cybersecurity threats.Manages daily business of the SOC, which includes threat monitoring and analysis, incident response, vulnerability management, along with various other activities across on-premises and cloud-based infrastructure systems, applications, and data.Directs the deployment and operation of cybersecurity toolsOversees network security measures and oversees vulnerability management program.Manage detailed assessments of the defensive posture of the network environment.Oversee the performance of vulnerability scans in support of FISMA requirements and manage the analysis of vulnerabilities of systems.Qualifications: Active Top Secret Clearance10 years of experience on federal government IT projects.5 years of experience working in a Security Operations Center (SOC) operations5 years of intrusion detection and/or incident handling experienceUnderstanding of the life cycle of cybersecurity threats, attacks, attack vectors and methods of exploitation with an understanding of intrusion set tactics, techniques and procedures (TTPs).Understanding of Cyber Kill Chain methodology as part of the IRS SOC defense-in-depth strategy for enhanced insights and reporting of cyber activity.Excellent listening and verbal communication skills with oral, written, and formal presentations.Desired-Computer Incident Response experience performing large-scale incident response.Education/CertificationsBachelor DegreeCertified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certification in Certified Intrusion Analyst (GIAC), or Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) or equivalent.Company Information: Headquartered in McLean, Virginia and founded in 2009, OBXtek is a fast-growing leader in the government contracting field. Our mission is Our People…Our Reputation. Our people are trained professionals who enhance our customers’ knowledge and innovation using technology, collaboration, and education.We offer a robust suite of benefits including comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, matching 401K, paid time off, tuition reimbursement plans and much more.As a prime contractor for 93% of our current work, OBXtek pairs lessons learned across disciplines with industry standard quality practices such as CMMI-Dev Level III, ITIL, 6Sigma, PMI, and ISO. Our rapid growth has been recognized by INC500, the Washington Business Journal, and Washington Technology magazine.*OBXtek is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation or any other classification protected by federal, state or local law.*Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Office IT Manager	Koniag Technology Solutions	Arlington, VA 22203 (Bluemont area)	None	"Koniag Technology Solutions currently has an opening for a Senior Service Desk/IT Manager with current OSD experience to support KTS and our government client, the Cloud Computing Program Office, (CCPO), in Arlington, VA.

We offer competitive compensation and an extraordinary benefits package including health, dental and vision insurance, 401K with company matching, flexible spending accounts, paid holidays, three weeks paid time off, and more.

This opportunity offers the chance to work with some of the best and brightest IT minds in the Department of Defense and US Industry to develop and implement a Defense-Wide approach to infusing cloud computing technologies across the Department. General office IT services for the CCPO are provided by the DOD Joint Service Provider (JSP) and Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA). Due to the nature of the organization and fact that the CCPO is geographically separated from JSP and DISA, a full time Office IT Manager is needed.

The successful candidate will provide the following:
Answer, address and track IT issues and requests to completion in a timely manner.
Help users forward complex (or non-local) issues/requests to JSP/DISA.
Coordinate advanced internal technical support when necessary.
Provide trouble shooting support and analysis.
Provide IT oversight for build out of new spaces in a Crystal City, VA
Respond to and analyze problems through discussions with users and technical staff.
Provide troubleshooting support on web-based tools, products and software.
Provide troubleshooting support on computer equipment and usage.
Provide basic troubleshooting for DoD mobile devices.
May assist in monitoring and enforcing licensing and security procedures.
Coordinate the purchase and set up Cloud Architecture and Development IT as well as the set up of standard JSP/DISA IT.
Perform technology training for organizational staff if required.
Assist in support and development projects. Work may include performing research to enhance efficiencies, analyzing and documenting current systems, assisting with testing and implementation of new technology systems.
May also assist in monitoring, setup, repair and troubleshooting of printer/faxes/copiers/phone/computer equipment in offices.
Perform any additional responsibilities as requested or assigned.


We need that person to possess the ability to help manage and drive the following work:
Manage CCPO IT ecosystem to include managing all office hardware functionality, needed repairs, and connectivity of hardware to DOD wide and CCPO networks
Create and implement a Help Desk Plan for CCPO that accounts for CCPO team needs, as well as, considerations within the larger DISA IT management org
Create and implement a property management system that is in compliance and coordination with DISA IT Management Guidelines
Assist staff with gaining access to DOD systems that are critical to their work, including but not limited to, DAI, CMIS, NIPR, SAM, SIPR
Ensure that staff accounts are properly configured to use CCPO tools like google, slack and JIRA
Manage the CCPO help desk tickets according to the agreed upon timelines for ticket management
Serve as the CCPO liaison to DISA IT and JSP to ensure compliance with policies, identify pain points and room for improvement in relation to CCPO, assist team with submitting tickets to DISA service organizations and track them to completion


Requirements:
3+ years related experience.
Bachelor’s Degree required in a relevant field.
Highly motivated, professional, and capable of managing demanding workload while prioritizing and managing competing priorities.
Strong organizational management and problem-solving skills with impeccable multi-tasking abilities.
Proficient MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Outlook applications.
Excellent oral and written communications skills.
Comfortable in a fast paced/dynamic environment
Ability to effectively interface with all levels of management.
No one will be considered without a TS/SSBI clearance
Experience as a Tier II or III Help Desk provider for the Joint Services Provider (JSP) with the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD), DISA or the Department of the Army.
Top Secret/SSBI required and must be able to obtain SCI
Working Environment & Conditions
This position is primarily indoors, consistent with a standard office position and has a noise level of mostly low to moderate. The incumbent is required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to manipulate, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The work load may require the incumbent to sit for extended periods of time. The incumbent must be able to read, perform simple math calculations and withstand moderate amounts of stress. The incumbent must occasionally lift and/or move items that weigh up to 25 lbs. Specific vision abilities required for the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.

Our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
The company is an equal opportunity employer. The company shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), national origin, age, disability, military/veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to equal employment opportunity in all decisions related to employment, promotion, wages, benefits and all other privileges, terms and conditions of employment.

The company is dedicated to seeking all qualified applicants. If you require an accommodation to navigate or to apply to a position on our website, please contact Heaven Wood via e-mail at accommodations@koniag-gs.com or by calling 703-488-9377 to request accommodations.

About our Company:

Offering innovative and cutting-edge IT, Environmental Resource Management and Professional Services solutions, Koniag Technology Solutions (KTS) is uniquely positioned in the federal marketplace. An ANC 8(a)-certified program combined with the full corporate support of Koniag Inc.’s Government Services Sector, KTS is backed by a full range of industry partners. Innovative technology, highly qualified professionals and proven processes are the hallmarks of KTS. We pride ourselves on delivering exceptional service to our clients and maintaining a supportive environment for team members and partners.

EOE Minorities/Female/Protected Veterans/Disabled. Shareholder Preference in accordance with Public Law 88-352"	469	Washington
A&A Project Manager	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"
5+ years of Assessment and Authorization experience in a related industry (experience owning a program/product/feature, scoping requirements, planning milestones, project management and working with technical teams)
5+ years of familiarity with the processes and documentation required to articulate the appropriate system security products or services with stakeholder government customers to define a project scope, requirements, and deliverables.
1+ years experience architecting information systems for authorization under ICD 503 or DoD Risk Management Framework.
Current, active US Government Security Clearance at the TS/SCI level with Polygraph.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading cloud provider, providing virtual infrastructure, storage, networking, messaging, and many other services to customers all over the world. AWS runs a globally distributed environment, operating at massive levels of scale. Businesses, from start-ups to enterprises, run their operations and applications on AWS’s multi-tenant infrastructure. Governmental organizations are also looking to and depending on AWS for cloud solutions and services.

World Wide Public Sector is looking for an exceptional A&A Project Manager to support Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and audit activities for AWS services in our Federal Delivery Organization (FDO). The FDO is responsible for program management activities across a portfolio of Federal programs, and activities include managing multiple concurrent region expansion work packages, task orders, maintaining the program’s integrated master schedule, risk mitigation strategies, Assessment and Authorization activities, quality assurance and IV&V functions.

This position is based in the Annapolis Junction, MD. You will join a cadre of program management, technical business development, and information security professionals to establish a proactive, results-driven team focused on improving our ability to deliver new capabilities to our customers. As a A&A Project Manager on the A&A team, you will spend the majority of your time working with technical business leaders (such as hardware and software engineering leaders, and technical program managers) to develop and produce A&A related documentation to ensure efficient service onboarding.

The role requires working experience with the Risk Management Framework (RMF), System Security Plans (SSP), Security Control Traceability Matrices (SCTM), familiarity with the customer environment, and an understanding of existing AWS services. You will draw upon an information security background, critical thinking, and analytic problem solving skills to support A&A activities, recommend improvements as required, and effectively support the delivery of industry leading, secure services to our Federal customers.

Core Responsibilities include:
Coordinate amongst government customers to produce and implement system security packages across cloud infrastructure platforms.

Work across a wide variety of AWS teams to establish and maintain information security documentation, including security questionnaires, SSPs, and SCTMs.

Responsible for reviewing proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential system security risks, and resolving integration issues related to the implementation of new services with the existing cloud infrastructure.

Implement higher level system security requirements such as those resulting from laws, regulations, or government directives by developing long range plans for security systems that anticipate, identify, evaluate, mitigate, and minimize risks associated with cloud infrastructures’ vulnerabilities or perceived vulnerabilities.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

This position requires that the candidate selected be a US Citizen and obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph.

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.


DoD Manual 8570 IAM Level III certification
Solid foundation in service-oriented and web-service technologies
Experience designing and implementing systems using AWS
Familiarity with Information Security or Audit frameworks
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	469	Washington
Secretary III	ITSC Secure Solutions	Bethesda, MD 20889	None	Description: Division: Defense Health Agency (DHA) Administration and Management SupportPosition: Secretary IIIFLSA Status: ExemptEmployment Status: Regular, Full-TimeLocation: Bethesda, MarylandClearance Required: TBDGeneral Summary: The contractor shall provide technical review support of all Institutional Review Board (IRB) documents, data, protocols, reports, methods, specifications, presentations, abstracts, manuscripts, posters and other communication products for internal and external audiences for the Office of Command Communications/Public Affairs at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center (WRNMMC), Bethesda, Maryland.Requirements: a) Proficient skills with the use of Microsoft applications. Good communication skills both oral and in writing, and must have a good command of the English Language. Ability to speak clear legible English.b) Knowledge of the office procedures, filing system and various references and handbooks commonly used by the staff in order to classify, search for, and dispose of materials.c) Knowledge of substantive programs.d) Ability to resolve complex problems autonomously through research of the service as they relate to the administrative functions of the office sufficient to screen requests for information, personally provide authorized information from files and records or advise on established procedures, assemble information for use in reports, follow up on commitments made in meetings, and refer non-routine requests to the appropriate staff member.e) Ability to resolve complex problems autonomously through research analyze a process and suggest process improvement options, work independently and with minimal supervision and to maintain confidential information.f) High-end skills in word processing with standard office automation software, and/or related equipment (e.g., printers, fax machines, etc.,), using a standard keyboard. Must have research editing experience.g) High-end knowledge of processing procedures and functions for several varieties of software to produce a wide range of documents to enhance productivity or meet the needs of complex formats. (Power Point, Excel, other Spread sheets, graphs, Publisher, etc.)h) Knowledge of basic design graphics and fonts and ability to design simple flyers and graphs for Command-wide distribution using Word Office Suite, (Adobe InDesign, Power Point, Excel, other Spread sheets, graphs, Publisher, Safari, Chrome, Firefox etc.).i) Ability to analyze, integrate and act upon a large amount of information or customer service data quickly.j) Ability to manage multiple projects at one time, meet deadlines and complete projects in a stressful but challenging environment. Ability to influence senior leadership, and guide subordinates. Understanding of the chain of command and how to utilize it effectively.k) Excellent interpersonal/written communication skills enabling the incumbent to establish and maintain effective relationships with, and gain the cooperation of, supervisors, managers, co-workers, and personnel in other departments.l) Ability to understand, synthesize and utilize this information. He or she must be adept and experienced at communicating, motivating and leading colleagues and subordinates to meet the goals of the organization.m) The incumbent will need to function in a work environment which may frequently shift priorities and critical/focal issues in response to changing needs and a developing organizational structure, both within and beyond WRNMMC and the NCA. Adaptability and flexibility will be requisite, in order to maximize resources and achieve efficient, effective communication operations. Performance requires the ability to understand multiple means/types of health care service delivery/providers and to effectively convey the parameters, availability and desirability of these resources to the Office of Command CommunicationsSummary: a) Provide administrative support for the CCS and Chairpersons of subcommittees of ECOMS.b) Receive and screen calls.c) Coordinate executive level staff calendars, schedule appointments, conferences and official meetings.d) Review and proofread outgoing correspondences and reports.e) Gather process and distribute mail and other correspondence for the CCS, ECOMS and ECOMS subcommittees.f) Take meeting minutes and notes and type correspondence.g) Maintain accurate email distribution lists for members of the clinical staff.h) Prepare the agenda and disseminate to staff members.i) Update the CLINICIAN’S CORNER website regularly.j) Prepare orders for supplies.k) Recommend operational and financial budget plans and forecast to staff members.l) Keep track of the budget processes and formulations by reviewing reports and accounting records to determine if allocated funds have been spent as specified.m) Coordinate work flow between executive level staff members of WRNMMC, Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, Joint Task Force CAPMED, BUMED and the Uniformed Services University Of the Health Sciences.n) Coordinate and schedule quarterly meetings of the Medical Staff.o) Administrative support for the CCS and Chairpersons of 10 subcommittees of ECOMSp) Prepare the agenda and minutes for multiple meetings, committees and distribute to over 2000 staff Membersq) Average 20 meetings per month, 44 conferences and official meetings for executive level staffITSC Secure Solutions, LLC (ITSC) is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to access job openings or apply for a job on this site as a result of your disability by contacting the Human Resources/Recruiting Department.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, ancestry, marital status, disability, protected Veteran status or any other protected status by federal, state or local law. ITSC participates in the E-Verify program.Job Types: Full-time, ContractBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayApplication Question(s):Do you have efficient knowledge in office procedures, filing procedures and handbooks?Experience:Microsoft Office: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	469	Washington
Information Security Manager II	VariQ Corporation	Arlington, VA	None	"Overview:

Variq is seeking is supporting a U.S. Government customer to provide support for onsite incident response to civilian Government agencies and critical asset owners who experience cyber-attacks, providing immediate investigation and resolution. Contract personnel perform investigations to characterize of the severity of breaches, develop mitigation plans, and assist with the restoration of services. We are seeking a Information Systems Security Manager to support this critical customer mission.
Additional Information:
Location: Arlington VA
Salary: Dependent on experience
Security Clearance: Must have an active Secret clearance
Must be able to obtain a TS/SCI clearance
Must be able to obtain DHS Suitability
Availability: Within 2 weeks
Responsibilities:
Assisting technical/management leadership on major tasks or technology assignments
Establishing goals and plans that meet project objectives
Assisting in direction and control activities, having overall responsibility for security management, methods, and staffing to ensure that technical requirements are met
Participating in client negotiations and interfacing with senior management
Supporting decision making and domain knowledge that may have a critical impact on overall project implementation
Providing support to plan, coordinate, and implement a cybersecurity lab’s information security
Providing support for facilitating and helping the lab identify its current security infrastructure and define future programs, design and implementation of security related to lab systems
Assisting the efforts of security staff to design, develop, engineer and implement solutions to security requirements
Implementing and development of the DHS IT security standards
Gathering and organizing technical information about the lab’s mission goals and needs, existing security products, and ongoing programs
Performing risk analyses which also includes risk assessment
Planning and leading major technology assignments
Evaluating performance results and recommends major changes affecting short-term project growth and success
Functioning as a cyber technical expert across multiple project assignments
Qualifications:

Required Skills:
U.S. Citizenship
Must have an active Secret clearance
Must be able to obtain a TS/SCI clearance
Must be able to obtain DHS Suitability
2+ years of directly relevant experience in information security management
Experience working on multiple complex assignments which are broad in nature, requiring originality and innovation in determining how to accomplish tasks
Ability to apply a comprehensive knowledge across key tasks and high impact assignments
Knowledge of Computer Network Defense (CND) policies, procedures & regulations
Knowledge of defense-in-depth principles and network security architecture
Knowledge of boundary protection and enclaving
Knowledge of authentication and access management techniques
Experience with three or more of the following:
Understanding of business security practices and procedures
Working with current state of the art security tools
Implementing security controls for hardware and software
Encryption techniques and tools
Application of security practices in a cyber lab environment
Must be able to work collaboratively across physical locations
Desired Skills:
Experience leading and mentoring technical teams
Experience with Xacta and Continuum
Experience with AWS Guard Duty
Experience with Nessus
Required Education:
BS Information Management, Cybersecurity, Computer Science or related degree. Two years of related work experience may be substituted for each year of degree level education.
Desired Certifications:
DoD 8140.01 IAT Level III, CISSP, CISM, CASP, AWS Security, AWS Cloud Foundations
OTHER DUTIES
This job description is not designed to cover a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities are subject to change at any time. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these functions.
While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, sit, and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate.
NOTE
All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.
VariQ is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected class. We consider diversity and inclusiveness to be core to our culture, and central to our commitment to fostering an empowering and supportive workplace."	469	Washington
SUPERVISORY FACILITY SUPPORT CONTRACTS DIRECTOR	US Naval Facilities Engineering Command	Washington Navy Yard, DC	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as a Supervisory Facility Support Contracts Director in the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command (NAVFAC) Headquarters (Echelon II), Public Works Business Line (PWBL) located in WNY Washington DC.
Responsibilities
You will serve as the Facility Support Contracts (FSC) Product Line (PL) Leader charged with management of the FSC Program.
You will serve as NAVFAC Headquarters FSC point of contact and furnishes technical guidance and information to executive level officials and technical personnel within OSD, OPNAV, other Services, other Government agencies and outside organizations.
You will serve as a senior project leader on highly specialized and complex infrastructure cost reduction projects, having little or no precedent within the government.
You will serve as a senior representative for FSC actions on all internal policy boards, committees, councils, and decision-making bodies to ensure FSC program efficiently executes the overall NAVFAC strategic plan.
You will be responsible for providing FSC products and services in support of clients located at Navy and Marine Corps installations, other DOD Commands and other Agencies.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
15
Job family (Series)
1101 General Business And Industry
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Generally, current federal employees applying for GS jobs must serve at least one year at the next lower grade level. This requirement is called time-in-grade. Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
The incumbent must obtain, maintain and use a Government travel card.
The incumbent must be eligible to occupy a Noncritical Sensitive Position. Access to U.S. National Security Classified Information is required at the SECRET level.
The incumbent must be able to obtain and maintain a SECRET security clearance based on a T3 or T3R Personnel Security Investigation (PSI) in the performance of the duties of this position, every 10 years.
The position is/is not eligible for telework. This position may be eligible for telework on a situational or regular and recurring basis to be determined by activity where the position is filled.
Occasional travel away from the normal duty station up to 10% is required utilizing military and commercial aircraft. The incumbent must possess and maintain an applicable government issued identification that meets travel requirements.
Must be able to successfully complete all training courses identified on NAVFACNOTE 1500 mandatory training schedule annual notice within prescribed timeframe.
The incumbent must possess and maintain a valid state driver?s license to travel to dispersed sites within the local commuting areas and to conduct studies at various locations.
This is a Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) position. The employee must be able to achieve Level III certification in the Program Management Career Field and meet the subsequent requirements for Continuous Learning (CL) hours.
The incumbent must be certified Level III in the Program Management career field within 24 months of entering the position.
Qualifications
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-14 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following:1) Providing Facility Support Contracts (FSC) products and services for facilities management and sustainment to include Utilities, Energy Management and Transportation in accordance with all applicable policies and regulations; 2) Performing project management to include leading meetings, recording/tracking deliverables, preparing/delivering briefings, and project oversight (resourcing, staffing, training and schedules) to meet mission requirements; 3) Conducting analytical reviews of programs to identify deficiencies and recommend corrective actions to include utilization of data visualization software; 4) Analyzing program execution to create a more efficient program; 5) Identifying and analyzing highly complex issues and develops solutions; and 6) Implementing programs ensuring program objectives are communicated, supported and achieved. (NOTE: This information must be supported in your resume to be considered for the position).

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management web site: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1100/general-business-and-industry-series-1101b/
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

Recruitment incentives may be authorized to eligible new hires.

A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized.

This position is eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT
MANAGING HUMAN RESOURCES

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current or former eligible Interchange Agreement employees, VEOA eligibles, 30% disabled veterans, and DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles"	469	Washington
Information Collection Management and e-Government Functional Specialist	Kadiak, LLC	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Waterfront area)	None	"Kadiak, LLC. is looking for an experienced Information Collection Management and e-Government Functional Specialist to join our team in the DC Metro area. This is a full time position supporting Kadiak and our government customer.

We offer competitive compensation and an extraordinary benefits package including health, dental and vision insurance, 401K with company matching, flexible spending accounts, paid holidays, three weeks paid time off, and more.

In support of the U. S. Department of Energy (DOE) Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) for the Deputy CIO of Enterprise Policy, Portfolio Management, and Governance (IM-20) program. The Information Collection Management and e-Government Functional Specialist / Subject Matter Expert (SME) IV serves as a senior member of a project team. This position provides an expert level of functional knowledge and support to the project and team leadership with information collection; with program consultation; as a liaison with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), General Counsel (GC), and the Directives Review Board (DRB); with training and outreach; with policy development and maintenance; and with program management of initiatives.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Other duties may be assigned. Essential duties and responsibilities include the following:
Support policies and procedures that promote Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) compliance by supporting DOE in initiating and completing the OMB approval process for information collection.
Review and provide feedback on information collection packages related to Information Collection Requests (ICRs).
Submit ICRs to OMB on behalf of DOE; Support OMB data calls and initiatives as needed.
On a monthly basis, report on active information collections for which OMB approval will expire within nine months; Notify programs about approval expirations and provide guidance on the available courses of action.
Maintain the highest information quality by ensuring collected information meets OMB requirements as well as the needs of the program sponsor.
Examine proposed information collection activities and determine if PRA requirements apply; provide templates to assist programs with developing packages.
Engage OMB on the status of ICRs submitted for review and respond to OMB queries and participate in joint discussions with OMB and sponsoring programs about pending information collection requests and activity.
Work with GC to obtain OMB approval of information collection activities associated with DOE rules and regulations and for publication of FRNs.
Maintain and update content related to PRA and forms management on internal and external websites.
Examine proposed forms to determine PRA applicability.
When applicable, review existing forms for PRA compliance, and identify any changes required to bring all forms into compliance.
Provide training on basic PRA requirements and duties to newly designated program Information Collection Clearance Managers (ICCMs).
Provide PRA and information collections training to DOE personnel.
Support the implementation of the E-Government Act, to enhance the promotion of electronic Government services.
Support the satisfaction of interagency obligations, support improved implementation of IT throughout the Federal Government, and assist OCIO in brokering agreements between Federal agencies.
Support interactions between DOE program offices and the managing partners with whom they interface directly.
Support funds tracking, funding memoranda, and activities related to the Working Capital Fund (WCF).
Develop, maintain, and implement processes for the regular negotiation, revision, and affirmation of E-Government Initiative agreements on behalf of DOE.
Support the development of the annual E-Government Implementation Act Report, the quadrennial Open Government Report, and other reports to the Congress.
Support the development of DOE IT Directives.
Support the OCIO in ensuring DOE policies align with Federal IT policies and capabilities, including Executive Orders, OMB circulars and memoranda, Federal legislation, binding operational directives, and DOE directives, orders, and notices.
Provide analysis and responses to GAO and IG audits.
Provide input to CIO testimony and correspondence.
Support the OCIO’s participation in the Directives Review Board process, specifically the continuous monitoring and improvement of draft directives and DOE guidance.
In support of Federal-wide initiatives, support the OCIO in developing policy suited to the DOE environment and assist in orchestrating a regimented program management process.

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree in a related field of study. Must meet minimum years of experience requirement as specified below. Must have minimum of two (2) years in an applicable functional area.
Functional Specialist / Subject Matter Expert III: Required degree + 6 years of experience

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATION:
U.S. Citizens only due to government or federal requirement

JOB SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS / ABILITIES:
Experience/familiarity with Federal Docket Management System (FDMS) and RISC/OIRA Consolidated Information System (ROCIS).
Experience/Familiarity with Paperwork Reduction Act
Experience working with OMB, General Counsel offices, and other Program Offices involved in Information Collection
Experience with E-Government Implementation Act
Experience with GAO and IG Audits
Excellent organization and time management skills with ability to handle multiple priorities
Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to assess business requirements
Ability to collaborate with others for the timely achievement of designated goals and accomplishments
High level of proficiency in briefing managers and communicating recommendations regarding status
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Exceptional content and artifact development capabilities
Superior customer service and relationship management skills
Ability to effectively interact with management and staff at all levels within a multi-level organization
Ability to proactively identify problems and effectively respond
Ability to use discretion concerning sensitive and confidential data and information
Demonstrated integrity and professionalism
Detail-oriented with superior project management skills
Excellent computer skills with advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office programs (i.e., Access, Excel, Word, Outlook)
Proven ability to perform under pressure and to adjust plans to meet changing needs and requirements
Broad conceptual judgment, initiative, and ability to deal with complex issues
Ability to effectively work both individually and in a team environment


Working Environment & Conditions:
This position is primarily indoors, consistent with a standard office position and has a noise level of mostly low to moderate. The incumbent is required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The work load may require the incumbent to sit for extended periods of time. The incumbent must be able to read, do simple math calculations and withstand moderate amounts of stress. The incumbent must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.

Our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy:
The company is an equal opportunity employer. The company shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), national origin, age, disability, military/veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to equal employment opportunity in all decisions related to employment, promotion, wages, benefits and all other privileges, terms and conditions of employment. The company is dedicated to seeking all qualified applicants. If you require an accommodation to navigate or to apply to a position on our website, please contact Heaven Wood via e-mail at accommodations@koniag-gs.com or by calling 703-488-9377 to request accommodations. This contact information is used for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire on a status of your application.

About our Company:
Kadiak, LLC (Kadiak) is an Anchorage, Alaska based professional services firm specializing in federal contracting compliance & management, tribal sovereignty & law, and cultural and environmental resource management. Kadiak is owned by Koniag, Inc., an Alaska Native Regional Corporation (ANC) formed pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971. Kadiak is certified in the Small Business Administration’s 8(a) Business Development Program.

Our Equal Opportunity Policy:
EOE Minorities/Female/Protected Veterans/Disabled. Shareholder Preference in accordance with Public Law 88-352"	469	Washington
Sales Manager II-III	Orano	Bethesda, MD	None	"Position title

Sales Manager II-III
Job description (external)

Job Description:
Orano USA is seeking a Sales Manager II-III for it's Bethesda, MD office. Under broad supervision of the VP, North American Mining, Conversion and Enrichment (NAMCES), the NAMCES Sales Manager II-III develops, proposes and secures business from an allocation of U.S. utility customer accounts; prepares and develops client-directed marketing plans and programs for goods and services that are consistent with business objectives for the Mining and Conversion/Enrichment Business Units (BU) for whom we sell; and contributes to the identification, definition and implementation of commercial strategy and new business models. solutions.
Major Duties and Responsibilities
The NAMCES Sales Manager II-III will perform a variety of tasks including but not limited to:
Relationship: Provides direct contact and maintains the corporate relationship with each of the Clients in the Sales Manager’s assigned portfolio, on behalf of the Business Units.
Client Strategy: Develops and maintains business strategies for individual utility clients and for the North American Region.
Internal Expert: Each Sales Manager will act as the “lead” for the internal interface and intelligence gathering for one of the following areas (Mining, Conversion, Enrichment, special projects and/or adjunct industry task forces, as may be necessary).
Assess: Evaluate Client needs and assesses commercial opportunities as they pertain to each product/service segment (MCE).
Proposals: Develops and recommends proposal terms and conditions for internal discussion with BU-designated specialists in order to secure management approvals of strategy and pricing.
Negotiations: Controls and manages interface with Clients and internal Orano commercial, legal and financial representatives during contract negotiations.
Sales Goals: Is responsible for achieving both Regional and Global MCES sales goals as defined annually.
Market Intelligence: Seeks out, obtains and shares accurate market intelligence, including Client and competitor’s activities.
Market Opportunities: Inquires to Clients’ planning and expectations for future requests for proposals (RFPs), forecasts, tracks and prepares market plans for each market opportunity. Also evaluates Orano’s ability to submit off-market or unsolicited proposals.
MCES/BU Strategy: Contributes to Reviews and supports product/service strategies.
Team Player: Cooperate with all members of the NAMCES and MCES commercial team in order to facilitate smooth interaction and team dynamics.
Contract Management: Provide guidance and support to the Manager of Contracts Administration with initial implementation and recording of each new contract’s terms and conditions. Maintain awareness of upcoming Client deliveries.
Affiliates: Contributes to and coordinates with BU parent and Orano affiliates, as appropriate.

Qualifications (external)

All candidates must meet the following minimum requirements in order to be considered for this opportunity.
BS in Engineering, Business Management or comparable degree, plus a minimum of 10 years of related work experience, including at least 5 years in the nuclear industry. An advanced degree (MS or MBA) may substitute for 1-2 years of related work experience.
Strong interpersonal skills
High integrity/professional behavior
Excellent written and verbal communications
Strong negotiating skills
Able to perform various financial analyses
Team player
International marketing experience
Willing to travel monthly –
a) primarily domestically to Client’s offices and industry conferences and
b) some international travel for internal meetings with colleagues, industry conferences and facility tours.
Versatile – needs to be able to manage and prioritize a variety of tasks.
Orano is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Job type

Regular/Permanent
Employment classification

Full-time Regular (REG) – 35-40 hrs/week
Shift

Day job
Additional job details
Schedule

Full time
Overtime status

Exempt
Relocation

No
Location of position
Job location

America / Caribbean / Canada, USA, Maryland
City

Bethesda, MD

Candidate criteria
Education level

Bachelor's Degree
Experience level

+10 Years
Travel

Yes, 15% of the time"	469	Washington
ENGINEER	US Naval Sea Systems Command	Washington Navy Yard, DC	$103,690 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as an Engineer in the Naval Architecture and Engineering Department of CARDEROCK DIV NS.

This position is part of the Warfare Centers Personnel Demonstration Project. The ND-5 pay band encompasses positions equivalent to the GS-14 and GS-15.
Responsibilities
You will assess risk for technical decisions for Mechanical and Auxiliary Systems for VIRGINIA Class Ships.
You will participate and lead VTCs, working groups, and planning and technical meetings for the integration and execution of VIRGINIA Mechanical and Auxiliary system concept and design changes.
You will develop and implement programmatic documentation including ship and systems specifications, performance specifications, interface control documentation, and design decision documentation.
You will coordinate with a wide range of engineering agents and technical authorities for design reviews, system engineering efforts, hardware and software development, and system / subsystems / sub-tier specification development.
You will be a Senior Mechanical and Auxiliary Systems Engineer for PMS 450T/SEA05U2 onsite at NAVSEA Headquarters.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0801 General Engineering
0871 Naval Architecture
Similar jobs
Engineers, Mechanical
Engineers, Naval
Engineers, Ship
Mechanical Engineers
Naval Engineers
Ship Engineers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field Engineering Level III. Certification is required within 24 months of appointment.
This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
You will be required to complete ethics orientation within three months of appointment and submit a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, OGE-450, within 30 days of appointment.
Qualifications
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the next lower pay band ND-04 (GS-12/13) or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector as a professional Engineer developing, constructing, maintaining, researching or testing submarine or submersible mechanical and auxiliary system designs.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series AND https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdf

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education
Applicants must meet the following basic education requirements of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards Manual:

Successful completion of a professional engineering degree. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree (or higher) in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET); or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. Such education must demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position.

OR

Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT), or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration For more information about EI and EIT registration requirements, please visit the National Society of Professional Engineers website at: http://www.nspe.org

OR

Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico The FE examination is not administered by the U. S. Office of Personnel Management. For more information, please visit: http://www.nspe.org/Licensure/HowtoGetLicensed/index.html.

OR

Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and in engineering that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A (above). The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A (above)

OR

Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least one year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily, there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions.
Additional information
This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized.

This position is eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ENGINEERING PROJECT MANAGEMENT
INFLUENCING/NEGOTIATING
NAVAL ARCHITECTURE
PROBLEM SOLVING
SYSTEMS ENGINEERING

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current DON employees, Former federal employees DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and VEOA eligible, current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)"	469	Washington
Acquisition Process SME	Axiologic Solutions	Reston, VA	None	Overview: Based in Northern, VA, Axiologic Solutions LLC has opportunities for you to become part of our high-quality team that delivers innovative solutions to key federal clients. We are currently seeking a Mid-Level Acquisition Professional with previous or current Contracts and Program Management experience to assist our customer’s Program Execution Office (PEO). This non-traditional PEO has the charter to institute a rigorous and holistically focused acquisition process to provide Program Support to the Chief Information Officer (CIO) enterprise-level IT requirements.Responsibilities: Define and analyze processes and develop plans and requirements to support acquisition lifecycle management.Support the mission of the PEO to include educating and guiding stakeholders and Program Managers through the full acquisition lifecycle process and ensure alignment with CIO PPBES.Support acquisition governance boards, Program Management Reviews (PMRs) Quarterly Process Reviews (QPRs), In-Process Reviews (IPRs), working groups, and TEMS and ensure they align with CIO strategic plan, business processes, and policies.Support program governance and oversight of multiple programs and projects with multiple contracts and task order efforts.Improve the quality of IT acquisition requirement packages to prepare CIO Requirements Owners for Acquisition Review Board (ARB) approval.Reduce the risk of protest by generating well-defined requirements, clear and concise evaluation criteria, and ensure solicitations that close on time.Reduce the time necessary for technical evaluations by closely tying the requirement to meaningful evaluation criteria allowing for swift and decisive source selection decisionsUtilize critical thinking skills and past experiences to provide acquisition support to CIO IT Requirements owners by providing feedback to all artifacts of acquisition packages.Advise CIO/PEO management in the creation of future acquisition/contract strategies to improve the agency’s approach for purchasing IT products and services.Provide a tactical level, hands-on support drafting various acquisition-related documents, including but not limited to Performance Work Statements (PWS), Statements of Work (SOW’s), Independent Government Cost Estimates (IGCEs), evaluation criteria, acquisition plans, and Justification and Approvals (J&As).Provide end-to-end acquisition support services for all CIO customers/stakeholders.Log all activity in the customer-provided tracking system for management visibility and performance measurement against the Procurement Acquisition Lead Time (PALT).Support acquisition governance boards, working groups, and TEMS.Coordinate with technical experts and the contracting office to ensure project milestones are reflected in contractual documents.Determine appropriate Government-Furnished Equipment/Information (GFE/GFI) for acquisitions based upon the scope and requirement.Consult and recommend business transformation tools and processes to manage pre-award activities using agile methodologies to enable ruthless resource management.Drive process improvement to DIA’s acquisition processes and support initiatives that help shape and develop acquisition strategies for the CIO.Support the development of agile business transformation tools and processes to manage activities using agile methodologies.Work directly with stakeholders to align business and acquisition processes to industry and DIA best practices.Support Stakeholder Engagement in identifying and developing business needs, requirements, capability, architectures, software design, agile task prioritization, and other requirements as needed.Educate and guide stakeholders and pilot programs through the full acquisition lifecycle.Other tasks as required.Qualifications: Must have an active/current TS/SCI and be able to pass a CI Poly.Must have 10 years of experience providing on-site acquisition and governance support requirements.A bachelor's degree or equivalent training and experience.Excellent oral and written communication skills with customers, team, and leadership.Understanding of the IC, IC ITE, and DoD acquisition frameworks and architectures.Experience with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), DoD FAR Supplements (DFARs), and/or DoD Acquisition 5000 Series and ICD 801.Preferred Qualifications: DAWIA Level I, II, and/or III certification in Contracts or Program Management.Previous experience as a Contracting Officer/Contract Specialist (1102 series).Previous experience as a Government Program Manager.Master's degree with advanced training in DoD/IC Acquisition.Travel Requirements: Travel may be required within Washington National Capital Region (NCR) on an as-needed basis for customer or corporate requirements.Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.Applicants with a physical or mental disability, who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, may e-mail their request to Jennifer.chavira@axiologicsolutions.com, call 571-758-3780, or visit our office at 8280 Willow Oaks Corp. Dr. Suite 450, Fairfax Virginia for assistance. Determinations on request for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Information Operations Team Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Critical decisions are made every single day in the military. What if you could use your analytical skills to help them make informed decisions? With all the information available today, it takes a skilled analyst to know how to find and interpret the best data to give their clients the right answers. As an Information Operations (IO) Team Lead, you use your specialized functional, technical, and military experience and your attention to detail to manage and support the Red Team, Mission Assurance, and Cyber-Support Detachments to give your client the actionable intelligence and context they need. If you have strong analytical skills and a problem-solving mindset, we have an opportunity to use those skills to support our warfighters and protect our national security.
As an IO on our team, you’ll help your client understand their operational landscape and mission environment. You’ll validate information and develop tradecraft as you build assessments for the Army. As the authority on your team, your client will look to you for time critical recommendations, often under pressure. This is a chance to grow your expertise and broaden your skillset into areas like Data Science and Cyber. You’ll share your expertise with other analysts through leadership and mentoring. We focus on growing as a team to deliver the best support to our customers, so you’ll have resources to learn new skills and tools. Join us as we provide the right information at the right time to support the critical needs of our warfighters.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
12+ years of experience with supporting the red team capability in executing effects-based cyberspace operations ISO Army and Joint exercises, conducting operational vulnerability assessments, and establishing and maintaining PCO ISO persistent penetration testing (PPT) cyber-campaigns
12+ years of experience with supporting the mission assurance capability in conducting cyber-to-physical control systems assessments, integrating mission assurance capabilities ISO operational technologies and infrastructure assessments, assisting with certifying Army PENTESTING programs, providing doctrine and policy development, and supporting protection assessments
12+ years of experience in supporting the cyber-support detachment with developing and maintaining remote operation capabilities, building and maintaining attack platforms, and tool and exploit development
TS/SCI clearance
MA or MS degree
DoD 8570 Information Assurance Technician (IAT) Level III Certification or Information Manager (IAM) Level III Certification
Nice If You Have:
12+ years of experience with integrating and synchronizing IO
Experience as an IO Planner, Field Support Team, or Cyber Support Detachment team member
Experience with recognizing and analyzing information that affects military operations, national policies, and objectives
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills
MA or MS degree in Business Management or a technical field
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and intelligence. When you join Booz Allen, we’ll help you develop the career you want.
Challenging projects – Whether training analysts on military equipment through VR technology; developing a simulation capability to allow teams to rehearse missions together; or integrating RFID tags into mobile devices to enable data access within a geo parameter, you’ll get to solve some of the world’s toughest problems
Meaningful work – Use your skills to empower change. Your work will keep citizens and warfighters safe and well both at home and abroad
State-of-the-art technology – Broaden your intelligence capabilities with digital forensics, telematics, precision navigation, secure mobile operations, and advanced analytics
New skills – In-house experts and partnerships with tech leaders, like Nvidia and Splunk, mean you can get practical experience with advanced GPU technologies, cybersecurity, and data science
Room to grow – You’ll be inspired to grow your career while making your ideas a reality thanks to new opportunities across the US and abroad, encouraging mentors, and collaborative colleagues
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1"	469	Washington
Information System Security Manager III	Triumph Enterprises	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"***This position is contingent upon contract award
Beyond your technical expertise (outlined below), you must be resourceful, detail-oriented, and 100% client focused, with a continuing passion for your profession. The rewards of joining Triumph Enterprises will include competitive compensation, exceptional benefits, matching 401K, and professional/training development allowances that exceed many companies of larger size and stature. Built around four core values, our employees, managers and leadership team work collaboratively to grow and sustain a Triumph Culture where:
“Client focus” has earned the trust and loyalty of our valued clients.
“Integrity” has earned us a reputation for doing the right thing in all situations.
“Imagination” and innovation has created new and exciting opportunities for both our company and our people.
“Employee Engagement” has resulted in benefits, promotions from within, a balanced work environment, professional development/training, social opportunities, and a culture of empowerment where our employees are as equally valued as our clients.

Triumph Enterprises is currently looking for a Information System Security Manager III to join a contract with a federal government client with an important mission. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work with a great team while serving a fulfilling mission. In this contract, you will be supporting the Navy’s submarine combat system subsystems, consultation, command, control, communications, computers, and intelligence to aid in integrating all systems into a single combat system for naval battle group interconnectivity. This candidate will be responsible for providing day-to-day system security operations by ensuring that operational security is maintained for an information system.
Responsibilities
The successful candidate will work directly with our government client and support team members to:
Oversees and manages information security program implementation within the organization or other area of responsibility.
Perform security analysis of operational and development environments, threats, vulnerabilities, and internal interfaces to define and assess compliance with accepted industry and government standards.
Manages strategy, personnel, infrastructure, policy enforcement, emergency planning, security awareness, and/or other resources.
Create and maintain System Security Plans, Security Control Traceability Matrixes, Plan of Actions and Milestones, and all other RMF documentation required for supported systems.
Acquire and manage the necessary resources, including leadership support, financial resources, and key security personnel, to support information technology (IT) security goals, and reduce overall organizational risk.
Assist with management of Authorization and Assessment processes for multiple authorities to operate across multiple sites.
Work with team members to develop briefings and presentations in support of the program.
Maintain the Security Authorization or Certification and Accreditation of their assigned system.
Produce required reporting for various management levels.
Coordinate and communicate with multiple ISSOs to ensure compliance with regulations and internal policies.
Prepare program communications and documentation including executive briefings, talking points, program milestones, weekly reports, etc.
Proactively identify issues and risks, and work with the team for timely resolutions.
Leverage best practices, techniques, and tools for quality control, project planning, execution, project management, ongoing milestone tracking, communication, and key performance metrics
Develop and build excellent relationships with prospects, clients, and internal team members.
Lead client calls and communications including the development of presentations, status reports, and requirements documents.

Required Experience
Must have an active Secret clearance with eligibility to obtain a TS clearance.
Masters’ degree from accredited University or CNSSI 4012 or NDU CISO certificate or NDU CIO certificate or AQD GA8. or successful completion of military training course: NEC 2779 (CIN: A-531-0009) or 3372 or (EKMS Manager CIN W-3B-1500 ) or A-4C-1340 (KMI) (or DOD Service equivalent)
At least 5+ years of specialized entry in information systems security management.
Certification in either GSLC or CISSP or CISM or CAP or CASP
Working knowledge of system functions, security policies, technical security safeguards, and operational security measures.
Understanding of system methodologies including but not limited to client server, web hosting, web content servers, policy servers, directory servers, firewalls, WAN, LAN, switches, & routers.
Experience with submarines, undersea weapons and warfare is highly desired.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal skills.
Exceptionally self-motivated, directed, and detail oriented.
Must be able to learn, understand and apply new technologies.
Excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, and SharePoint).

Desired Elements
Experience with government contracting firms supporting the Federal government.

Triumph is a veteran owned company specializing in Cybersecurity, Business Intelligence, Analytics, and Data Visualization, Program Management, Acquisitions Support, Engineering, and IT Service. Incorporated in Virginia in 2005, Triumph has risen to meet the Federal Government’s growing need for protecting critical infrastructure and key resources, problem solving using business intelligence, and providing acquisition and program management expertise; while cultivating a track record of success. Our pursuit of excellence is driven by an emphasis on Client Focus, Integrity, Imagination, and Employee Engagement – the Core Values that motivate and inspire our leadership, business practices, and company culture. For more information on Triumph, visit http://triumph-enterprises.com/.
Triumph participates in e-Verify. We provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee’s I-9 Form to confirm work authorization. Triumph is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other status defined by law. Go to www.triumph-enterprises.com to learn more about Triumph."	469	Washington
System Engineer 5 (Tier III Expeditionary IT)	INNOPLEX	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Love where you work! This contract is comprised of a large agency wide contract supporting Enterprise Systems Engineering and Architecture across some intelligence organizations. This amazing program contains a variety of primarily senior System Engineering type roles to include all the major mission areas across capabilities and operations. The engineers and program support personnel on this contract provide needed support across the full lifecycle of systems engineering. Projects include, but are not limited to requirements analysis, dataflow, architecture, IT Engineering, SIGINT, Cyber Network Operations, and security domains.

Job Description:
Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.

Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable.

Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:
Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology.
Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services.
Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support.
Security + Certification required
Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission.
Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks.
Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel.
Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones.
Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation.
Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Must be able to work a flexible schedule.
Current, Active Clearance with Polygraph


INNOPLEX, LLC is a family-focused company that has won numerous awards for Top Ranked Benefits, Best Places to Work, and Best Government Contractor in Howard County! Established in 2005, we have over 90 employees with the majority having a rich military service history. Our employees are mostly located in the surrounding areas of Columbia, MD and Aberdeen, MD. INNOPLEX, LLC is a mission-focused company with a wide range of expertise to include RF SIGINT Solutions, Wireless Protocol Processing, Cyber, and Mission Critical IT Operations."	469	Washington
Partnership Associate III	FHI 360	Washington, DC 20009 (Adams Morgan area)	None	"Job Summary:

To support FHI Partners management team across all core functional areas: Business Development, Program Management, Business Operations & Finance and Contracting. To help manage a growing portfolio of a new organization by serving as support to and backstop for key functional areas. This role will report to the directly to Associate Director of Business Development but will also work very closely with the leads for Business Operations & Finance, Contracting and on special projects as designated by the Managing Director.
Overall responsibilities will range from:

Business Development support - Provide assistance in managing FHI Partners opportunity development process to ensure internal client satisfaction, support framing of key approaches, ensure high quality client delivery, manage BD portfolio metrics for continual performance improvement

Portfolio and Project Management support - Assist in managing project portfolio metrics and reporting, tracking project performance, troubleshooting implementation issues, and ensure client communication/satisfaction

Business Operations & Finance support - Work in partnership with the Operations Business Manager to provide financial administration support from pre-award to close-out.

Contracts & Grants Management support – Work in partnership with the Contracts Manager to provide contract administration support from pre-award to close-out, assisting in the efficient operation and maintenance of a contracts portfolio management system.

Accountabilities:


Business Development
Manage New Opportunities Process – Assist in FHI Partners Opportunity Assessment process (identifying viable opportunities), with eventual goal of being POC for opportunities < $250k
Manage Development Accounts – Once opportunities are approved, manage development accounts process (approval, intercompany work order to issue code, communicating to team)
Systematize BD Process – Support efforts to improve process and communications with key internal stakeholders. Compile standard operating procedures into an operational “Play Book”
Support BD Analysis & Dashboards – Support the development and management of dashboards tools to track performance metrics and analyze BD results (Salesforce, Costpoint, Power BI)

Portfolio and Project Management
Manage Portfolio Dashboard – Manage portfolio dashboard (currently in development) to ensure it reflects up to date data and project information
Track Project Performance – Support team in tracking project performance. Manage calendar of key dates (team check-ins, major deliverables, project close, client check-ins, etc.)
Support Troubleshooting Implementation Issues – Support team in addressing any constraints, challenges that project teams are facing
Ensure Client Communication/Satisfaction – Support development of client satisfaction tracking tool and execution of systematic client check ins

Business Operations & Finance
Manage New Project Codes - Open new project numbers using Excel template and automated IWO process. Maintain updated project number list and related organizational file structure
Manage Portfolio Tracker - Update portfolio tracker for new awards
Payment processing and review - Process payment transactions for business development activities and small projects; Review payment transaction for accuracy and adherence to policy
Monthly reporting and review - Run monthly cost sheets for projects, business development and management accounts
Operational institutionalization – Assist with documenting standard operating procedures into an operational “Play Book”

Contracts & Grants Management
Assist in the review of prime award documents prior to signature.
Prepare subcontract and consultant agreements packages for business development activities and small projects, assuring completeness and accuracy of packages.
Close out subcontracts and consultant agreements upon expiration.
Data set-up in contract management/financial management system.
Work in partnership with Finance to maintain the accuracy and integrity of the Partners filing system.
Prepare and submit routine business transactions such as requests for donor approval.
Prepare periodic management reports.

General
Provide support to the Managing Director for special projects and administrative matters
Performs other duties as assigned.

Applied Knowledge & Skills:
Comprehensive knowledge of concepts, practices, and procedures with establishing new

strategic relationships.
Strong knowledge of organization’s technical capacity and programs to share information

and create new partnerships/relationships in one or more key areas: health, education,

governance, civil society, social change, gender, economic growth, research and the

environment.
Strong knowledge of fundamental accounting, finance and core business principles
Demonstrates and applies sound judgment with managing internal and external

stakeholders.
Ability to influence, motivate and works well with others.
Ability to understand and negotiate procurement agreements.
Ability to draft basic contracting terms.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills.
Must be able to read, write, and speak fluent English.

Problem Solving & Impact:
Works on problems that are varied and complex that require novel and creative approaches to solve.
Addresses, oversees and resolves issues from external constituents and revives old or fading partnerships.
Contributes to decisions on the overall strategy and direction of the entire organization.
Contributes to business and operational decisions that affect the department and/or area.

Supervision Given/Received:
Reports to Associate Director, Business Development, but will also work very closely with the leads for Business Operations & Finance, Contracting and on special projects as designated by the Managing Director.

Education:**
Bachelor's Degree or International Equivalent in Business Administration, International

Development, Public Policy or Related Field. Master’s Degree preferred.

Experience:**
Typically requires a minimum 8+ years of professional work experience with private sector businesses, relationship management, business development, accounting or finance. 6+ years required with a master’s degree.
Demonstrated experience with multilateral organizations, or major corporations and foundations.
Experience with economic growth efforts or advancing social equity in the United States preferred
Prior experience working overseas preferred.

Typical Physical Demands:
Typical office environment.
Ability to spend long hours looking at computer screen and doing repetitive work on a

keyboard.
Ability to sit and stand for extended periods of time.
Ability to lift 5 - 50 lbs.

Technology to be Used:
Personal Computer, Microsoft Office 365 (i.e. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Skype/TEAMS, email), office telephone, cell phone and printer/copier.

Travel Requirements:
10 - 25%
This job posting summarizes the main duties of the job. It neither prescribes nor restricts the exact tasks that may be assigned to carry out these duties. This document should not be construed in any way to represent a contract of employment. Management reserves the right to review and revise this document at any time.
FHI 360 is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer whereby we do not engage in practices that discriminate against any person employed or seeking employment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law."	469	Washington
Service Desk Specialist (L2)	General Dynamics Information Technology	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
An I2TS 3 Service Desk Specialist:
Provides first contact and incident resolution to customers with hardware, software, and application problems. Includes both customer telephone support as well as electronically submitted requestsProvides polite and friendly customer serviceAttempts to resolve as many incidents during the first contact, or at Tier I. Efficiently escalates incidents to higher Tier II or Tier III when requiredDocuments incident status and solutions in incident database tools.Possesses current working knowledge of computers, printers, laptops, and common windows applicationsWorks through various types Tier II issues with telephone assistProvides answers to Frequently Asked Questions or solutions to common problems as part of a customer self-help capabilityPossesses comprehensive knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in computer troubleshooting and supportPossesses comprehensive knowledge of desktop operating systems and applications

Desirable Skills / Experience:
Perform STIGs & IAVA implementation for system devices, perform imaging of systems, CERP replacement, etc.Interact with customers on a daily basis to provide guidance on procedures concerning account requests, e-mail, home directories, file access/storage, and other local procedures as required to ensure mission success.Perform Level I/II Active Directory functions such as unlocking accounts, creating and issuing accounts, etc.
Education Required:
High School diploma/GED with 8-years of related experience, or Associates degree with 6-years of experience, or Bachelors degree with 4-years of experience

Certification(s):
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II Computing Environment (CE) Certification as determined by the Program Manager is required prior to support on contractRequired Baseline/Security Environment Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalentRequired Computing Environment Certification: MTA 98-349, Windows Operating System Fundamentals or equivalent.
Additional:
Candidates must be willing and able to attain a CI Polygraph for certain positions as determined by the contract.Candidates may be required to travel and/or provide support to Aberdeen Proving Ground (APG).Position may require lifting of objects (i.e. IT Hardware), reaching/bending/kneeling (i.e. plug in cables) and other moderately strenuous activity
#I2TS3
#GDITINSCOM
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Program Integrator 3 SR 1602	Davis Unlimited Information Technologies, Inc. (DU...	Laurel, MD	None	"Full-time

We are on several wining teams...Come join us! Our work environment is limitless, you matter to us, your great work will be recognized, and there are many opportunities for advancement. Davis Unlimited Information Technologies, Inc (DUIT) wants you! We have immediate openings for project integrator(s). We are looking for the best and brightest project integrator with 12 or more years of experience to join our winning and innovative information technology team!

The Program Integrator shall assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and PEO leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio. Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative. Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports. Draft acquisition and program documents such as TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies. Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.

Why work for us?

No red tape!
Competitive salaries
Great Health/Dental/Vision Benefits
Excellent 401K plans
Limitless environment where you matter
Recognition of great work and other employee incentives
Opportunities for advancement

Davis Unlimited Information Technologies, Inc. (DUIT) is a woman owned, minority owned small business information technology consulting company. We have opportunities for advancement and our salaries and benefits are competitive. We are an equal opportunity employer; check us out on the web at http://duit.us. You can follow us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook. We do things differently, contact us to find out how...Together, we can DUIT!

Why wait?...Apply today!

All Applicants must have the following: an active high-level security clearance that required an investigative screening exam and meet the minimum job requirements specified for applying position. For this position, we are not seeking clearable or eligible applicants. All information provided is subject to verification. A security background check is required, and if you have already completed a background check/clearance, then that is a plus!

What You ll Get to Do:

General project integrator skills required

Qualifications You'll Bring:

Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor s Degree with a business or technical focus is required.
In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred.
In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts."	469	Washington
Senior Project Manager	Mackson Consulting, An A-TEK Company	Rockville, MD 20852	None	"The Senior Project Manager oversees all aspects of the project, leading teams of IT professionals on large projects or significant segment(s) of large and complex projects in an agile environment. Provides day-to-day tasking of team members to ensure deadlines are met. Facilitates communication between team members, managers and government project leads. Coordinates requirements and scheduling activities to ensure performance across delivery orders. Collects schedule and resource allocation inputs from government project leads and contractors to develop an integrated master schedule to optimize use of staff to meet delivery commitments.
Analyzes new and complex project-related problems and creates innovative solutions that normally involves the schedule, technology, methodology, tools, solution components, and financial management of the project.
Provides analysis and recommendations for long and short-range plans for application selection, systems development, systems maintenance, and production activities for necessary support resources.
Applies principles of PMI’s PMBOK to the management of all O&M software development efforts. Prepares, maintains and follows a program management plan governing technical approach, organizational resources and management controls to meet the cost, schedule and performance requirements.
Operates in a CMMI-DEV Level III environment and ensures that team members are following established processes.
Effectively communicate project plans and expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion. Delegates tasks, responsibilities and work activities to appropriate personnel. Estimates the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals. Delivers all SOW requirements on-time and under budget.
Monitors all project life cycle activities and produces relevant artifacts. Provides weekly status reports and monthly status reports to the Project Officer and stakeholders reporting on progress against task plan, timeline accomplishments, problems encountered, action items, open issues and recommended solutions.
Software/Hardware Familiarity:
Familiarity with the following tools preferred: JIRA, HP ALM, MS Project, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel.
Required Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institution in Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, Business Administration or directly related field
Minimum of 7-10 years of Project Management experience leading applications development, O&M, modernization and,or cloud migration projects.
Previous Federal experience is required—preferably within HHS, CMS or FDA
Proactive management stype with strong interpersonal skills and demonstrated ability to build, extend and maintain customer and internal team relationships.
Strong written and oral communication skills are required.
Preferred Certifications:
PMP®
ITIL®
Agile or Scrum Master
Experience
Required
7 - 10 years: Federal IT Project Management Experience with a mix of applications development, O&M and IT modernization
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field
Licenses & Certifications
Preferred
Cert Scrum Proj Mgr
PMP"	469	Washington
Cybersecurity and Records Management Subject Matter Expert	General Dynamics Information Technology	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: SSBI (T5)
Requisition Type: Regular
Cybersecurity Policy and Planning Support - Support the government in providing technical assistance in support of the government inspections and Staff Assisted Visits (SAVs).Support administration, drafting, reviewing, updating policy and guidance that implements Federal and DoD policies and requirements based on local command policies and environments.Drafting, providing annual review, editing, updating, analyzing, and recommending guidance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), Tactics, Techniques, & Procedures (TTPs) and Plan of Action and Milestones (POAM’s) for the customer.Assists in collecting, compiling, and reporting Army Portfolio Management System (APMS), and Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), or successor program compliance metrics for the customer’s Cyber Division unclassified and classified networks, devices, personnel, and systems using the Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (eMASS).Support the government in formulating and documenting technical approaches to review, establish, and maintain standards and site security procedures.Coordinates Cybersecurity Readiness / Site Assistance VisitsAssists with developing a SAV Plan, including logistics for executing, TTPs, schedule, roles/responsibilities of involved parties.Supports a Commander’s Cybersecurity Program by conducting SAV and unannounced cybersecurity compliance visits in order to assist subordinate units with the framework necessary to secure information, including its associated system resources.As part of SAV, assists in performing security audits (via spot check) and identify security gaps in security architecture, resulting in recommendations for inclusion into the risk mitigation strategy.Plan and recommend modifications or adjustments based on SAV or Command Cyber Readiness Inspection (CCRI) results or system environment review.Review and provide recommendations based on sites Disaster Recovery/Disaster Recovery Plan (DR (DRP))/Continuity of Operations (COOP)/Contingency Business Continuity (CBCP) and Incident Response (IRP) plans and documented results of DR/COOP exercises to validate. compliance of actions taken to prevent protect and defend information and information systems.Implement approved SAV procedures per the USAREUR-AF G6 Cyber Division and USAREUR-AF Cyber Playbook at inspected sites system for unclassified and classified networks, devices, and systems.
Information Assurance / Cybersecurity Program Management Support:
Provides expertise to assist in the resolution of computer security incidents and vulnerability compliance.Recommends best business practices and secure methodologies where required to maintain and/or improve the security posture of Information Systems (IS), the network, and remedy deficiencies.Recommends best business practices and secure methodologies where required to maintain or improve the security posture of IS and the network and mitigate vulnerabilities.Provides expertise in assessing, documenting, and reporting vulnerabilities due to evolving technologies.Provides input to the Risk Management Framework (RMF) process activities and related documentation.Provides technical support for the review of internal processes, such as incident reporting and trouble ticket handling; recommend and document process improvements.Identifies and documents deviations from approved configurations within eMASS.Assists in the collection, compilation, and reporting Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) for unclassified and classified networks, devices, and systems.Tracks site application of security patches for commercial products integrated into system design to meet the timelines dictated by the management authority for the intended operational environment and ensure compliance.Provide technical expertise and support of patch management, software distribution, operating system deployment, network access protection and hardware and software inventory using System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM).
Risk Management / Accreditation Support:
Leverages the RMF repository (eMASS) of all documents required by the Agent of the Army Certification Authority (ACA) or other organizations.Develops and present briefings and documentation as requested.Provides guidance and support for identifying, baselining, reviewing, implementing, and integrating security, operational and functional requirements into current and future systems architectures.Assists in the application of security patches for commercial products integrated into the system design in order to meet the timelines dictated by the management authority for the intended operational environment, and ensure cybersecurity-enabled products or other compensating security control technologies in order to reduce the identified risk to an acceptable level, implement and/or integrate security measures for use in system(s) and ensure that system designs incorporate security configuration guidelines.
Army Records Information Management System support:
Create, modify, approve records lists (ORLs) and views all unit records, ensuring compliance with and enforcement of Department of the Army (DA) policies and rules governing management information requirements.Develops plans, goals, and objectives for Records Management program and implementation for the Army Records Information Management System (ARIMS).Serves as liaison and point of contact for records management issues between Department of the Army and the local command.Maintains up to date knowledge of information concerning government records management programs.Recommends updates to policies and procedures to ensure compliance with established, approved, and implemented directives.Establishes and promulgates necessary operating procedures to effectively control management of all records created.Establishes and maintains an instructional and informational material program necessary to standardize and sustain the records management program.Oversees the management, control, maintenance, and proper retirement of multimedia, hard copy, record copy, and permanent documents.Establishes and maintains an instructional and informational material program necessary to standardize and sustain the Records Management program. Serves as the Primary Records Manager and coordinates support for subordinates units.Coordinates and promotes records management program with Staff and subordinate activities.Conducts records management surveys and site visits to subordinate activities.Conducts research an analysis to recommend necessary action to resolve records management problems and improve efficiency and sustainment of the program.Develops and implements policies and procedures related to records management programs to ensure compliance with local command, DOD, and Army regulatory requirements and program effectiveness.Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and Privacy Act (PA) Subject Matter Expert:Serves as the FOIA and PA technical expert.Directs, interprets, and ensures compliance with FOIA and PA.Determines which records may be released or withheld from disclosure and those requiring paper-by-paper review.Ensures requests are properly processed in accordance with statutory and regulatory requirements.Remains abreast of changes in statutory laws as they relate to disclosure or denial of FOIA or PA requests.Interfaces with higher headquarter staff activities, legal authorities, unit commanders, to ensure all FOIA and PA report responses meet established statutory requirements.Creates, produces, and disseminates through classroom and technical means, a variety of PA and FOIA tools and training to meet regulatory requirements.Establishes appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure security and confidentiality of records and proper training for employees who deal with any of these records.Budget Information Development:Extracts and analyzes data for reports, metrics, standards, and development of budget information for information technology for the organization.Provides recommendations and supporting data in support of budget projections and cost estimates based on historical data, current posture, and future changes or updates in IT requirements.
Must possess a current, valid IAM III certification
Experience with Army Records Management and FOIA is required.
Knowledge of Army Operations and Air and Missile Defense operations is desired.
Must be able to pass German TESA.
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 8+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Management Analyst III (4247)	ICI Services Corporation	Washington, DC	None	(Req.# 4247)ICI Services is looking for a Management Analyst III to support our US Navy customer in Washington, DC. ICI Services is a fast growing employee-owned Company with our headquarters office located in Virginia Beach. We are a mid-size defense contractor and have a fast-paced and exciting work environment providing Engineering & Integration, Systems Acquisition, Information Warfare, and In-Service Sustainment to government customers in 14 states and the District of Columbia.Security Clearance:Applicant must hold an active Department of Defense (DoD) SECRET personnel security clearanceResponsibilities:Collect, review, and analyze information in order to make recommendations to the Government.Define the nature and extent of problems.Analyze relevant data, which may include annual revenues, employment, or expenditures. Interview managers and employees while observing their operations.Develop solutions to problems. In the course of preparing recommendations, understand the nature of the organization, the relationship it has with others in the Government, and its internal organization and culture.Prepare and solve mathematical models.Report findings and recommendations to the Government. Reports are usually submitted in writing, but oral presentations regarding findings also are common. For some projects, management analysts are retained to help implement the suggestions they have made.Experience Requirements:Minimum 10 years US Navy program support experienceExperienced with MS Office software, especially Excel and PowerPointEducational Requirements:Bachelor Degree in a business or technical field is highly desirable, but may be satisfied by additional relevant work experienceEOE/M/F/ Disability/VetVEVRAA Federal ContractorJob Types: Full-time, ContractBenefits:401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offReferral programTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:US Navy program support: 10 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Contract Length:More than 1 yearContract Renewal:LikelyWork Location:One locationCompany's website:www.icisrvcs.com/careersWork Remotely:NoCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processPersonal protective equipment provided or requiredTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetings	469	Washington
Senior Adviser, Financial Stability and Climate Change - Division of Financial Stability	Federal Reserve Board of Governors	Washington, DC (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"I. JOB SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Chairs the Financial Stability Climate Committee (FSCC) which is the staff committee charged with developing and implementing a program to incorporate climate-related risks into the Board’s financial stability framework.
2) Leads the integration of climate-related risks into the Board’s financial stability framework. The result of this multi-year effort will be a coherent program that identifies the most relevant climate-related risks and the mechanisms by which these risks are most likely to erode the resilience of the financial system. In addition, it will permit ongoing assessments of the magnitudes of these potential effects as well as evaluation of policy options to increase the resilience of the financial system to these potential effects.
3) Manages the ongoing implementation of the resulting program. The program and its implementation will include, but not necessarily be limited to: the effects of climate-related risks on relevant financial institutions and markets; the extent to which climate-related risks are increasing key financial vulnerabilities, such as asset valuations, leverage, and funding risks; evaluation of relevant policy options; and assisting the Board of Governors in its domestic and international engagement on climate related financial stability risks.
4) Represents the Board domestically and internationally at forums where climate related financial stability policy is developed. Such forums include the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the Financial Stability Board, and the Network for the Greening of the Financial System.
5) Manages staff in a small support team for the FSCC. Staff members would include the Secretariat within the Division of Financial Stability and any future hires working in the support of the FSCC’s goals.
6) Informs governors, as needed, on emerging issues related to climate risk and financial stability.
7) Prepares governors for testimony, speeches, or other public engagements.
II. DIVISION SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS:
Reporting to the deputy director, serves as a senior leader in the Division of Financial Stability to be a thought leader in the Division’s work at the intersection of financial stability and climate change. The position is a leadership role in the division’s efforts to organize and lead a broad-based program to incorporate climate-related risks into our financial stability efforts.
Position requires location in Washington, DC office once remote work period is complete.

Position Requirements
III. KNOWLEDGE/SKILL/EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:
1) PhD in economics, finance, or a related field is preferred; however, a PhD in one of the physical sciences with a focus on climate will be considered.
2) A minimum of 5 years of relevant post-doctoral experience is required.
3) Demonstrated interest or knowledge in the field of climate economics is required. Such interest or knowledge can be demonstrated, for example, through several years of work experience in the field of climate or environment economics. Knowledge of financial markets, institutions, and regulation is also required. Such knowledge can be demonstrated through publications in high quality academic journals, publication of working papers, and presentations at high-quality conferences and workshops.
4) Experience working in interagency/intergovernmental work is desirable.
5) Experience working with policymakers or in a policymaking institution is desirable.
6) Requires the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with the public as well as with all levels of staff and management
7) Strategic thinker with demonstrated strong project execution and project management capabilities, analytical skills, political savvy, and conflict mediation skills.
8) Demonstrated experience and commitment to fostering collaboration and employee engagement.
9) Ability to lead and manage staff and projects effectively, set priorities, assess performance, guide staff development, and make budgetary recommendations.
10) Ability to balance competing interests among a variety of clients and readily readjust priorities to respond to pressing and changing client demands. Must be able to anticipate and meet the clients’ needs while maintaining high-quality end products.
11) Exceptional organizational savvy and agility as demonstrated by ability to manage across organizational boundaries, building high performing teams, diminishing organizational silos, strengthening teams, and facilitating effective group and team dynamics.
IV. OFFICER SPECIFIC POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Acts as responsible steward to the function(s), Division, and Board by demonstrating proficiency in the Board’s espoused competencies.
2) Balances and mitigates key organizational and functional risks where appropriate and develops and executes sustainable risk mitigation strategies.
3) Fosters a continuous learning culture.
4) Exercises appropriate judgement and decision-making in complex situations.
5) Demonstrates innovation and thought leadership relevant to future-state organizational and functional people strategies.
6) Demonstrates strong leadership and management skills aligned to the Board’s espoused values.
7) Keeps skills and knowledge current and aligned to best practices relative to key rules, regulations, and policies, as well as economic, political, and social trends that affect the organization. Understands near-term and long-term needs for the organization and determines how operations should be positioned to meet such needs.
8) Demonstrates proficiency in political savvy, organizational savvy, and interpersonal communication skills.
V. BOARD COMPETENCIES:
1) Decision Quality: Makes timely, thoughtful, strategic decisions
2) Learning Agility: Takes responsibility for building organizational agility
3) Drive for Excellence: Delivers results by developing shared vision and direction for the organization
4) Perspective and Strategic Agility: Leads and acts with the future in mind
5) Collaborative Relationships: Sets the tone for collaborative organization
6) Effective Communication: Effectively speaks and acts on behalf of the Board
VI. PERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS:
1) Has frequent contact with members of the Board, both in discussions and through memoranda, regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
2) Has frequent contact with senior staff and other professionals in the division, elsewhere at the Board, and the Reserve Banks regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
3) Has regular contact with all staff in the function(s) to stay connected to the pulse of the division, provide leadership, and act as a role model.
4) Has frequent contact with individuals from other federal agencies, international organizations, and in the private sector regarding the subject matters in area(s) of responsibilities.
VII. INTERNAL MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Provides guidance, coaching, and feedback to, and conducts performance reviews for managers and other direct reports, and ensures same is provided to all function staff.
2) Responsible for accomplishing approved program objectives for area(s) of responsibility within the financial and personnel resources allocated by the Board and the division's senior management.
3) Participates in the development of the division’s strategic plan, goals, and budget. Recommends program objectives and their priorities for area(s) of responsibility.
4) Recommends personnel actions involving promotions, reclassifications, merit increases, and reassignments or separations in area(s) of responsibility.
VIII. POSITION DEMANDS:
1) Ability to exercise independent and sound judgment in establishing objectives for assigned area(s) of responsibility that provide support and services for the division’s and Board’s missions.
2) Ability to translate customer service and organizational development theories and best practices into effective strategies for adoption in area(s) of responsibility to achieve and maintain high levels of customer service.
3) Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to the Board and individual members thereof, senior Board staff, other Board and Reserve Bank staff: and staff at other government agencies and in the private sector on complex and technical matters.
4) Ability to be an effective spokesperson and advocate for the Board and the division in outside contacts, which may involve significant business dealings.
5) Ability to operate under pressure to meet deadlines accurately and in a timely manner.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or application, membership, or service in the uniformed services."	469	Washington
Sr. Contract Specialist	Cherokee Federal	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	$115,000 - $135,000 a year	Sr Acquisition Specialist, Ft Belvoir*** Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance***SUMMARYThe Sr Acquisition Specialist will assist contracting officers in the development of solutions, recommendations, processes, and specialized instruments such as grants, task orders, cooperative agreements, and other transactions in support of the efforts at DTRA.CN3S provides personalized professional and support services to ensure our clients' success. Whether your program requires mission, IT, environmental or medical support, CN3S offers the best solutions to finish your job on time and within budget. CN3S has proven expertise in navigating the competitive and tribal 8(a) acquisition environments. This gives our clients more control over project scopes and budgets, streamlines the procurement process and alleviates acquisition delays.For more company information, visit our site atESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESIncludes the following:Provide assistance in conducting both pre-and post-award contracting activities.Assist a Contracting Officer by updating and maintaining official contract files.Assist the Contracting Officer by preparing pre-award contractual documents.Prepare routine correspondence or documentation for signature, distribute those actions to the appropriate offices for action, track and provide the status to the Contracting Officer/COR, in file completed actions in the official contract file.Perform task relating to pre-award functions and develop documents including market research, Justification and Approvals, Acquisition Plans and Strategies, and other required documents.Serves as point of contact for assigned procurements.Ensures appropriate funding and required waivers, certifications, approvals and compliance have been obtained for purchase requests.Coordinates with responsible officials to obtain funding waivers, certifications, and approvals.Makes recommendations to the Contracting Officer regarding contract types, methods of solicitation and options.In coordination with the Contracting Officer, prepares milestones, acquisition plans, and all other acquisition-related documents for the acquisition package.Prepares and develops solicitations for the Contracting Officer with appropriate provisions, well-defined statements of work / performance work statements, inappropriate evaluation factors.Assist the Contracting Officer with contract audit recommendations in a timely manner.Prepares evaluation documents for the Contracting Officer from responses to solicitations, including price reasonableness, adequacy of competition, and the compliance with solicitations.Assist the Contracting Officer with price negotiation documents, to include, but not limited to, prices, terms, and conditions.Prepares for the Contracting Officer award documents, consistent with established award factors and the technical board evaluation.Performs other job-related duties as assigned.SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITYNo supervisory or management authority.EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCEMinimum of Bachelor’s degree with at least 24 semester hours in accounting, law, business, finance, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods, or organization and management and 4 years of experience within the past ten (10) years hands-on work as a contract specialist on DoD contracts. Hands-on experience with performance-based contracting, and contracting by negotiation as referenced in FAR Part 15.KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIESKnowledge of Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) Level III, or equivalent, in the contracting career field unless waived by the COR.Proven ability to perform cost/price analysis in reviewing contractor's proposals; reviewing and evaluating direct and indirect cost elements, such as, materials, labor, Other Direct Costs, (ODCs), overhead, general and administrative (G&A) expenses and fixed fee.Skilled in developing, recommending and documenting cost/price objectives for negotiations; and experience in interpreting and applying cost principles and procedures for various types of contracts and acquisitions.Ability to interact daily with contracting officers, program managers, and auditors.Physical sciences knowledge – government acquisitions, cost analysis, DAWIA Level III.Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance.Knowledge of federal and agency laws, regulations, and procedures applicable to the acquisition process and to meeting the performance requirements detailed in this PWS.Professional written and oral communication skills.The ability to guide first-time DOD contractors through the acquisition process, to include contractor education and outreach as appropriate.WORK ENVIRONMENTWork will be primarily performed in a climate-controlled office environment.Job Type: Full-timePay: $115,000.00 - $135,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):What are your salary expectations? Please list a range.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Contract negotiation: 10 years (Required)Government Contracting: 4 years (Required)FAR Part 15: 4 years (Required)License/Certification:DAWIA III (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One location	469	Washington
Physician Insurance Analyst 4	Inova Health System	Fairfax, VA 22033	None	"Job Description
Able to perform the duties for a Physician Insurance Analyst I, II and III and capable of providing training to new staff or deploying insurance updates to existing staff. Responsible for the timely and accurate editing, submission, and/or follow-up of assigned claims, while meeting the expected Productivity and Quality Standards on a weekly basis. Able to process claims for all payer types (Commercial, Managed Care, Blue Cross, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.) and process all types of EPIC charge review and claim edits. Assure all assigned claims meet clearinghouse and/or payer processing criteria. Process all types of EPIC charge review and claim edits. Complete all assigned EPIC billing/claim edits and insure all required reports are filed timely and accurately. Able to identify trends and analyze data. Able to perform the duties for a physician insurance analyst I, II or III and is responsible for the timely and accurate editing, submission, and/or follow-up of assigned accounts. Assure appropriate and timely documentation of all account activity. Assure appropriate and timely documentation of all Physician Insurance Analyst I, II, III account activity and provide feedback when necessary. Ensure correspondence is handled appropriately. All required reports are filed timely and accurately. Identify and report trends, assist in the development and deployment of training relative to trends in conjunction with Team Lead, Supervisor, Manager or Director. Other duties as assigned by Department Manager, Director or Senior Director. Payer response reports and rejection reports are worked timely and meet Departmental Productivity and Quality Review Standards. Effectively interpret CPT, ICD-10 and APC reimbursements to insure a strong receivable performance. Provide support, education, and guidance to Team. Perform duties, as assigned, in the absence of the Supervisor or Manager. Identify opportunities for process improvements utilizing LEAN methodology and techniques.

Job Responsibilities
Document and report claims submission issues immediately and provide feedback to Management.
Provide resolution for pended claims within allowable time frames (as defined for appropriate deficiency).
Able to resolve complex issues either through individual actions or by coordinating information/action of other team members, other Patient Accounts staff or the appropriate individuals in other departments or at the payer.
Seeks assistance from Management appropriately.
All clean claims should be submitted the day they are received and submitted via the appropriate medium (paper vs. electronic) and with all required attachments.
Claims are reviewed, corrections identified, and corrections made or resolution initiated within 24 hours of the date the claim was received.
Provide support to team members as needed.
Write-off requests are completed correctly and submitted daily for Supervisor review.
Handles most complex and/or highest dollar accounts and provides appropriate follow-up based on established protocol.
Productivity and quality expectations met weekly for assigned work lists and any supervisor assigned special tasks.
Provide support to team members as needed.
Able to process all EPIC charge review edits related to billing or front end registration errors.
Able to process all EPIC claims edits assigned to the billing office.
Able to process all aspects of global billing (i.e.transplant, administrative charity).
Research in claims submission system or EPIC for missing files or claims based on required reconciliation procedures for the department.
Able to perform the duties for a physician insurance analyst I, II or III and capable of providing training to new staff or deploying insurance updates to existing staff.
Responsible for the timely and accurate editing, submission, and/or follow-up of assigned claims, while meeting the expected productivity and quality standards on a weekly basis.
Complete all assigned EPIC billing/claim edits and insure all required reports are filed timely and accurately.
Able to process Appeals (level 1 and 2) and check claim status via phone/payer website.
Able to identify trends and analyze data.
Document and report claims submission issues immediately and provide feedback to Management.
Provide resolution for pended claims within allowable time frames (as defined for appropriate deficiency).
Able to resolve complex issues either through individual actions or by coordinating information/action of other team members, other Patient Accounts staff or the appropriate individuals in other departments or at the payer.
Seeks assistance from Management appropriately.
Able to process claims for all payer types (Commercial, Managed Care, Blue Cross, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.) and process all types of EPIC charge review and claim edits.
Document activity in EPIC. Assure documentation is professional, appropriate and accurately depicts actions performed and is in accordance with Departmental Quality Review Standards. Assure appropriate and timely documentation of all account activity.
Correspondence is handled appropriately.
All required reports are filed timely and accurately.All daily, weekly, monthly reports are completed and submitted timely and reports are completed with minimal errors.
Document activity in EPIC.
Complete all assigned EPIC billing/claim edits and insure all required reports are filed timely and accurately.
All daily, weekly, monthly reports are completed and submitted timely and reports are completed with minimal errors.
Assure documentation is professional, appropriate and accurately depicts actions performed and is in accordance with Departmental Quality Review Standards.
Identify opportunities for revenue cycle performance improvements and report to management team as it relates to assigned duties.
Identify and report trends, assist in the development and deployment of training relative to trends in conjunction with Team Lead, Supervisor, Manager or Director.
Other duties as assigned by Department Manager, Director or Senior Director.Identify the need for and provide support and guidance to other Team members to assure all Team members are efficient and productive.
Perform other duties, as assigned, by the Supervisor or Manager. Serve in the place of the Team Supervisor or Manager in their absence.
Able to identify and report opportunities for revenue cycle performance improvement based on regulatory, payer, physician, departmental and/or multiple specialty service line analysis; including Neurology, Cardiology, Oncology, Behavioral Health, Pediatrics, Neurosurgery, Orthopedics, Breast Surgery and General Surgery and utilize lean methodology to improve processes.
Payer response reports and rejection reports are worked timely and meet Departmental Productivity and Quality Review Standards.
Effectively interpret CPT, ICD-10 and APC reimbursements to insure a strong receivable performance.
Ability to interpret CPT, ICD-9/10 and APC reimbursement methodologies specific to professional HCFA 1500 claims, denied claims management, revenue and usage analyses, and other assigned projects.
Identify issues with payer rejections; provide feedback regarding rejections to Team Management.
Take direction from Supervisor or Manager to resolve issues.
Maintain knowledge of payer requirements, 1500 standards, and system (Hospital, clearinghouse, payer) functionality, and physician policy and procedure.
All issues are resolved or resolutions initiated within 24 hours.
Payer response/rejection reports are worked daily.
Other duties as assigned by Department Manager, Director or Senior Director Provide support, education, and guidance to Team. Perform duties, as assigned, in the absence of the Supervisor or Manager.
Identify opportunities for process improvements utilizing LEAN methodology and techniques.Identify the need for and provide support and guidance to other Team members to assure all Team members are efficient and productive.
Able to process Appeals (level 1 and 2) and check claim status via phone/payer website for all payer types (Commercial, Managed Care, Blue Cross, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.).


Additional Requirements

Working knowledge of Patient Accounting System(s)."	469	Washington
Cybersecurity Program Manager, Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Do you love leading a project as it develops from concept to completion? Do you have the attention to detail needed to catch issues and course correct? With deliverables on the horizon and a budget to keep in check, project teams need leadership with vision and focus. That’s why we need you, a Cyber Program Manager with the skills and experience to lead our cybersecurity project from beginning to end – on-time and in budget.
As a cybersecurity program manager on our team, you’ll work with cybersecurity and internal professionals to plan, monitor, and report on our work. You will manage a large cybersecurity program in a fast-paced and dynamic client site environment and take charge of cyber tasks in government facilities, including full life cycle Risk Management Framework (RMF), vulnerability management, inspections, governance, and training for a large DoD client. On a daily basis, you will apply program management techniques to ensure the on-time, high-quality delivery of cyber products and ensure their compliance with all contract requirements. You will also work with the client to shape activities under contract in concert with the statement of work, organizational strategic plans, and its associated goals and objectives. You will coach, mentor, and lead staff with diverse skillsets and backgrounds, and grow future leaders. You will also analyze the budget and facilitate contracting actions and work closely with the client to ensure projects meet delivery, quality, and schedule goals supporting organization-wide technical programs and strategic initiatives. Your team will look to you for day to day leadership as they navigate requirements, budget constraints, and staffing challenges. Senior leaders will rely on you for the pulse of the project through regular status briefs, and you will brief leaders in both the Firm and DoD.
Empower change with us.
You Have:10+ years of experience with DoD program management for cyber programs across the acquisition life cycle, including cost, schedule, and performance in the DoD or Intelligence CommunityExperience with managing multiple projects, including adjusting to shifting priorities and solving problems quicklyExperience with managing project teams, including direct responsibility for people developmentExperience with leading transformation initiatives in large organizationsExperience with using Microsoft ProjectAbility to multi-task in a fast-paced environmentTop Secret clearanceBA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:Experience with leading business development activities, including writing proposalsPossession of excellent verbal and written communication skillsTS/SCI clearanceBA or BS degree in Cybersecurity, IT, or a related fieldProject Management Professional (PMP) or another Project Management CertificationITIL Foundations CertificationDoD IAM Level III Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	469	Washington
EST4 Fire Alarm Programmer	Orion Management LLC	Washington, DC	None	"Want to join a team that exceeds expectations while solving complex technical challenges for our clients?
Founded in 2001, Orion Management, LLC is a Veteran-Owned provider of security, fire-life safety, training, and professional/advisory services to Commercial and Federal clients throughout the world. Our team members are what makes our service exceptional and makes us the preferred provider for clients like WMATA, NASA, DoD, Dept of State, Marriott, Nationals Stadium, VDoT, and more.
We’re experiencing rapid growth, and we’re looking for high-performing team members who are ready to contribute to our clients’ success. We can accomplish great things together!
Orion Management, LLC is looking for a Fire Technician who can program, install, repair, and maintain commercial fire alarm systems.The ideal candidate can effectively program, test, and ensure timely completion of installations. As a Fire Technician, you will be responsible for, but not limited to, performing the following functions:

Job Responsibilities:

Repair and maintain Fire Alarm systems including installation, programming, and maintenance of commercial, government, and private industry sites.
Familiar with and able to interpret and apply national consensus codes and standard.
Ensures Fire Alarm & Mass Notification installations are completed correctly and in a timely manner.
Assumes full control of testing procedures during and at completion of system installation.
Programs systems with a test configuration and initiates a working test regardless of system communication design.
Provide support for project managers from conception through completion.
Attend assigned organizational and customer meetings.
Respond to service calls on integrated Fire Alarm & Mass Notification systems as required during normal business hours and on weekends and after hours as scheduled.
Accurately analyzes problems or anticipates problem areas.
Troubleshoot system operation while ensuring a timely delivery.
Assesses and reacts to new developments or unexpected problems in the field with as little production loss as possible.
Maintains flow of field documentation to include change orders, head-end configuration, system drawings and diagrams, shop drawings, and as-built information.
Assists and advises on the preparation of ""Operation and Maintenance"" manuals as necessary.
Maintains technical and quality bridge between internal departments and contract client.
Notifies management of possible cost savings or cost incurred in a timely manner.
Maintains safety and HAZCOM program while in the field.
Adheres to company rules and regulations as set forth in the company handbook or other official source.

Basic Requirements:
Ability to write program, download program, manage program, and facilitate changes per contract agreement.
Must possess a working knowledge of applicable government standards and guidelines for Fire Alarm & Mass Notification systems, anti-terrorism/force protection, and / or facilities Fire Alarm & Mass Notification design.
Demonstrates comprehensive working knowledge of electronic system design and repair.

Other Requirements:

EST4 Certification Required.
2-6 years of functional experience or NICET Level III or IV
Education: Associate's degree or 1-2 years of vocational technical training preferred. HS diploma or equivalent required.
Must be very professional and possess excellent customer service skills.
Ability to work as a member of a team of technicians in the installation of Government Fire Alarm systems, to include start up, installation, programming, testing, and signoff.

Pay Range: Pay based on your level of experience and past performance
Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Flex Spending, Retirement (401K)
Orion is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer:.
It is the policy of Orion Management LLC to provide equal opportunity for all qualified persons and not unlawfully discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, creed, color, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, religion, veteran status, and citizenship status. This policy applies to recruitment and placement, promotion, training, transfer, retention, rate of pay and all other details and conditions of employment."	469	Washington
Information Technology Project Manager	CTEC Corp.	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$90,596 - $150,000 a year	Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 22 years. We are currently looking for a Senior Information Technology Project Manager to join our team.Duties and Responsibilities: · Plan, initiate, and manage information technology (IT) projects. Lead and guide the work of technical staff. Serve as liaison between business and technical aspects of projects. Plan project stages and assess business implications for each stage. Monitor progress to assure deadlines, standards, and cost targets are met.· Possesses and applies a comprehensive knowledge across key tasks and high-impact assignments. Plans and leads major technology assignments. Evaluates performance results and recommend major changes affecting short-term project growth and success. Functions as a technical expert across multiple project assignments. May supervise others.· The PM shall provide effective project management of all program activities to achieve the desired cost, schedule, and technical performance and maintain customer satisfaction. The PM completes tasks and provides the work products and deliverables based upon the agreed-upon schedule with the expected level of detail and quality. The Program Management approach should achieve the expected IRS business outcomes in accordance to business requirement needs and goals for the IRPD program and should deliver end-to-end operations, providing the IRS with the lowest risk solution.· The program management (contract level) functions shall include but not be limited to having a broad and progressive knowledge of the IT industry functions; business administration; contractual functions; human resources; and software development project management. This personnel solution shall also incorporate the coordination with all tasks under the direction of the Government Program/Project Manager.· The PM shall institute and maintain a management structure to respond to and negotiate a task and LOE. The PM shall also maintain access to resources that can be called upon to fulfill task requirements under this contract.Work Experience: · Minimum bachelors degree in applicable field· 7-10 years of relevant experience.Skills Requirement: The contractor will work on the following systems, hardware, and software:a) Business Objects Environment (BOE)b) Business Objects Enterprise Developmentc) ELCd) Web developmente) JAVA developmentf) SQL and Database developmentg) MongoDBh) JSON, XMLi) Microsoft Office Suitej) Microsoft Projectk) Microsoft Visiol) Oracle 11g/12cm) Rationale Suiten) SharePointo) CloudThe contractor shall also demonstrate specialized experience that includes expertise in these areas:a) Business Analysis disciplinesb) Process Re-engineering and flow developmentc) Project Management with Agile/Scrumd) Requirements Developmente) System Architecture in new and legacy products and systemsf) Transition Managementg) Systems, Data, Platform and Performance EngineeringClearance: · Public TrustThe above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position.Please note: Candidate(s) will be required to go through pre-employment screening.Cybermedia Technologies, Inc. is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer! (EOE; M/F/D/V)Job Type: Full-timePay: $90,596.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Scrum: 4 years (Preferred)Agile: 4 years (Preferred)IT project management: 7 years (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Security Clearance:Confidential (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	469	Washington
Subject Matter Expert Team Lead - Unified Communications	By Light Professional IT Services LLC	Washington, DC 20001 (Mount Vernon Square area)	None	"Overview:

By Light is seeking an Unified Communications Subject Matter Expert Team Lead to join our team in a proposal to support USCIS with infrastructure modernization. The primary goal of this acquisition is to establish a solid service delivery capability for the USCIS infrastructure support. The scope of work will include operations & maintenance support for systems and platforms to include hosting services, systems administration, strorage services, backup services, database administration, and tier II and tier III support for application infrastructure/hosting and systems administration. Unified Communications services include multimedia enterprise operations support, telephony, and tier II/tier III support support. Additional support includes project management of infrastructure projects. Current methodologies that USCIS currently employes are ITIL, Agile systems, DevSecOps, and PMI PMBok.
UC SMEs are experts in the daily operational needs of the UC systems deployed or utilized by the USCIS enterprise customers. This includes operating, maintenance and integration of all Unified Communication responsible technologies implemented by USCIS. UC systems from the vendors Microsoft, ConnectedSign, Polycom and Cisco are the backbone of our delivered services, while vBrick and Avaya are Service Offerings which render USCIS UC services.
Responsibilities:
Act as expert when it comes to the operations, maintenance, and daily analysis of performance of all the USCIS Core Unified Communications hardware and software systems required for UC operations.
Key individual when responding to and initiating restoral actions on all the UC service support systems.
Be responsive and work on all critical/high-profile UC referred issues and tickets.
Provide key interoperability and functional testing with engineering teams and assist with their expertise in furtherance of unified communications support goals with vendors and other subject matter experts.
Provide guidance for the field technicians for all daily incident handling and restorative issues.
Document all UC systems, have input into the deliverables required of the team, and provide both physical and logical drawings of all UC supporting/responsible systems.
Required Experience/Qualifications:
Equivalent skills of Cisco CCNP Collaboration or higher certification.
Experience in VoIP
Minimum five (5) years of experience in a Unified Communications environment.
Experience with Microsoft, ConnectedSign, Polycom, Cisco, vBrick, and Avaya.
Knowledge of how to operate, configure, manage, and provide troubleshooting/restoration services for the following key functional systems: Cisco Call Manager, Cisco Expressways, Cisco WebEx, Polycom RMX Bridge, Polycom DMA, Polycom Resource Manager, Cisco Telepresence Management Suite, Cisco Meeting Server, Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Avaya video phones, Avaya Communicator, vBrick Media-Streaming systems, and Microsoft Skype.
Knowledge of how to validate delivery performance through the analysis of packets, protocols and QoS functionality for all services using service optimization and NetFlow analysis."	469	Washington
Manager, Enterprise Payments	Volkswagen Group Canada	Herndon, VA	None	"Manager, Enterprise Payments - MOB000003
Primary Location: United States-Virginia-Herndon
Description

Role Summary:
The Enterprise Payment Manager will own two areas: i) Payment Strategy for the NAR region. These function includes the overall payment strategy for VCI/VCCI incl. corresponding vendors; ii) active Product Management of all payment products, esp. FS Pay.
The role sits within the Product and Innovation team at VCI/VCCI.
This role will have significant visibility to the senior management teams of VCI, Audi, Volkswagen, and Ducati so it will be critical for this leader to have exceptional communication and influence skills.

Role Responsibilities:
Strategy (40%) – This role is responsible for payment strategy development. That includes acting as the Business responsible to give directions i.) what kind of payments VCI/VCCI is offering, ii.) how solutions are integrated/harmonized and iii.) which provider support these functions. Responsibilities are
The payments strategy and related product roadmap for VCI/VCCI
Executing the approved Payment strategy
Leading research activities to obtain relevant data and define business needs
Defining product KPIs and success metrics
Evaluating potential partnerships, alliances, and acquisitions to advance our strategic agenda
Product Delivery (40%) – This role will be accountable for delivering the payment processing platform (FS Pay) for Volkswagen, Audi and other partners in the US/Canada. The role owns the payment platform product, along with the functional expansion into other areas of the VWGoA business such as ACH payments or other forms customer can choose to pay.
Leadership (20%) – This person will initially be an individual contributor, but in order to successfully do their job they will have to lead upwards of 15 people cross-functionally that sit within multiple areas of VCI/VCCI, Audi of America, VW of America, Audi AG, VW AG, and VW FS AG. While leadership is not their primary responsibility it will be a critical component of the responsibilities and will be a required skill as their team grows in the future.
Qualifications

Experience:
10+ years of experience in (digital) product management
6+ years of experience in payments
4+ years of experience leading large cross functional teams
Education:
Required – Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Psychology, Computer Science, or related area
Desired – Master’s degree in Entrepreneurship or Business
General Skills:
Expertise in Team Building and Talent Development
Must be able to establish a high level of credibility with all levels of internal and external stakeholders
Ability to communicate with all levels of employees from technical to non-technical clients; strong written, verbal, analytical and presentation skills Customer driven approach to develop, test and implement new products
Analytical and conceptual thinking – using logic and reason, creative and strategic
Leadership Presentations
Computer savvy – skilled in the use of software
Proven track record act in an Agile environment
Integration – joining people, processes or systems
Influencing and negotiation skills
Problem solving
Resource management
Specialized Skills:
Required –
Deep knowledge of the digital payments industry spanning merchants, issuing banks, acquiring banks, payment networks, gateways, and payment processors
Working knowledge of software development and underlying architecture components and considerations
Experience in managing large cross functional projects and leading people/teams in a matrixed environment
Work Flexibility:
Travel 20% of the time (domestic)
We are proud to be an EEO employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing."	469	Washington
Superintendent	Grunley Construction Company, Inc.	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"Description/Job Summary
The Superintendent is responsible for the construction site and all activities occurring therein. The Superintendent oversees and directs the material, tools, equipment, and labor used to complete the construction activities. The Superintendent is responsible for job site logistics, scheduling, quality control (Level II, or III as appropriate), safety, field office operations and overall morale.
The Superintendent reports to the Director of Field Operations and is assigned project responsibility under the Senior Project Manager/Project Executive.
Responsibilities/Duties
Supervision of Grunley Employees: coordination of work of all Grunley Field Employees; direct Grunley Foremen, Field Engineer(s) and Assistant Superintendent(s); and coordinate Carpenters, Laborers, Bricklayers, etc. with Grunley's Labor Manager
Subcontractors: responsible for coordination of all subcontractor activities; and direct subcontractor foremen accordingly
Schedule: assist in developing of the baseline project schedule; assist with monthly updating of the project schedule; keep project on schedule; develop two week look ahead schedule
Inspections: Monitor inspections that are performed by others; inspect site daily to identify potential problems and develop resolutions; and implement Quality Control Program
Temporary Construction Materials: Determine need; take off, order and maintain as appropriate; and contract purchasing
Equipment: determine need and schedule requirements; get competitive prices on rentals; and notify office of rental and termination of equipment
Safety: inspections; perform weekly tool box talks; and verify that M.S.D.S. system is in place
Field Office Operations: daily reports; fill out daily/weekly time sheets; fill out purchase orders; and maintain purchase order log
Maintain and post drawings
Training: attend assigned Grunley training; participate as an instructor in Grunley continuing education training programs; and provide on-the-job training for Foremen, Field Engineers, and Assistant Superintendents
Required Experience
This position requires strong leadership skills with a minimum of five (5) years of construction experience. The Superintendent must have general knowledge of all trades on the project and must be able to forecast and execute the required activities within the project schedule. The Superintendent oversees both Grunley employees and subcontractors' operations. The Superintendent must have excellent communication skills and be able to interact with co-workers, owners, owners' representatives and tenants. The Superintendent must be capable of learning new technical and non-technical information and applying it in the field in relatively short time periods.
Required Education
High School diploma/GED
Preferred Education
Bachelor's degree in engineering, construction management or business.
Details
Certifications:
10 hour OSHA
CPR Certified
First Aid Certified (current or be able to obtain before project start date)"	469	Washington
ENGINEER	US Naval Sea Systems Command	Washington Navy Yard, DC	$103,690 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as an Engineer in the Naval Architecture and Engineering Department of CARDEROCK DIV NS.

This position is part of the Warfare Centers Personnel Demonstration Project. The ND-5 pay band encompasses positions equivalent to the GS-14 and GS-15.
Responsibilities
You will assess risk for technical decisions for Mechanical and Auxiliary Systems for VIRGINIA Class Ships.
You will participate and lead VTCs, working groups, and planning and technical meetings for the integration and execution of VIRGINIA Mechanical and Auxiliary system concept and design changes.
You will develop and implement programmatic documentation including ship and systems specifications, performance specifications, interface control documentation, and design decision documentation.
You will coordinate with a wide range of engineering agents and technical authorities for design reviews, system engineering efforts, hardware and software development, and system / subsystems / sub-tier specification development.
You will be a Senior Mechanical and Auxiliary Systems Engineer for PMS 450T/SEA05U2 onsite at NAVSEA Headquarters.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0801 General Engineering
0871 Naval Architecture
Similar jobs
Engineers, Mechanical
Engineers, Naval
Engineers, Ship
Mechanical Engineers
Naval Engineers
Ship Engineers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field Engineering Level III. Certification is required within 24 months of appointment.
This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
You will be required to complete ethics orientation within three months of appointment and submit a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, OGE-450, within 30 days of appointment.
Qualifications
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the next lower pay band ND-04 (GS-12/13) or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector as a professional Engineer developing, constructing, maintaining, researching or testing submarine or submersible mechanical and auxiliary system designs.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series AND https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdf

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education
Applicants must meet the following basic education requirements of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards Manual:

Successful completion of a professional engineering degree. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree (or higher) in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET); or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. Such education must demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position.

OR

Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT), or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration For more information about EI and EIT registration requirements, please visit the National Society of Professional Engineers website at: http://www.nspe.org

OR

Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico The FE examination is not administered by the U. S. Office of Personnel Management. For more information, please visit: http://www.nspe.org/Licensure/HowtoGetLicensed/index.html.

OR

Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and in engineering that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A (above). The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A (above)

OR

Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least one year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily, there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions.
Additional information
This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized.

This position is eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ENGINEERING PROJECT MANAGEMENT
INFLUENCING/NEGOTIATING
NAVAL ARCHITECTURE
PROBLEM SOLVING
SYSTEMS ENGINEERING

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current DON employees, Former federal employees DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and VEOA eligible, current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)"	469	Washington
Acquisition Process SME	Axiologic Solutions	Reston, VA	None	Overview: Based in Northern, VA, Axiologic Solutions LLC has opportunities for you to become part of our high-quality team that delivers innovative solutions to key federal clients. We are currently seeking a Mid-Level Acquisition Professional with previous or current Contracts and Program Management experience to assist our customer’s Program Execution Office (PEO). This non-traditional PEO has the charter to institute a rigorous and holistically focused acquisition process to provide Program Support to the Chief Information Officer (CIO) enterprise-level IT requirements.Responsibilities: Define and analyze processes and develop plans and requirements to support acquisition lifecycle management.Support the mission of the PEO to include educating and guiding stakeholders and Program Managers through the full acquisition lifecycle process and ensure alignment with CIO PPBES.Support acquisition governance boards, Program Management Reviews (PMRs) Quarterly Process Reviews (QPRs), In-Process Reviews (IPRs), working groups, and TEMS and ensure they align with CIO strategic plan, business processes, and policies.Support program governance and oversight of multiple programs and projects with multiple contracts and task order efforts.Improve the quality of IT acquisition requirement packages to prepare CIO Requirements Owners for Acquisition Review Board (ARB) approval.Reduce the risk of protest by generating well-defined requirements, clear and concise evaluation criteria, and ensure solicitations that close on time.Reduce the time necessary for technical evaluations by closely tying the requirement to meaningful evaluation criteria allowing for swift and decisive source selection decisionsUtilize critical thinking skills and past experiences to provide acquisition support to CIO IT Requirements owners by providing feedback to all artifacts of acquisition packages.Advise CIO/PEO management in the creation of future acquisition/contract strategies to improve the agency’s approach for purchasing IT products and services.Provide a tactical level, hands-on support drafting various acquisition-related documents, including but not limited to Performance Work Statements (PWS), Statements of Work (SOW’s), Independent Government Cost Estimates (IGCEs), evaluation criteria, acquisition plans, and Justification and Approvals (J&As).Provide end-to-end acquisition support services for all CIO customers/stakeholders.Log all activity in the customer-provided tracking system for management visibility and performance measurement against the Procurement Acquisition Lead Time (PALT).Support acquisition governance boards, working groups, and TEMS.Coordinate with technical experts and the contracting office to ensure project milestones are reflected in contractual documents.Determine appropriate Government-Furnished Equipment/Information (GFE/GFI) for acquisitions based upon the scope and requirement.Consult and recommend business transformation tools and processes to manage pre-award activities using agile methodologies to enable ruthless resource management.Drive process improvement to DIA’s acquisition processes and support initiatives that help shape and develop acquisition strategies for the CIO.Support the development of agile business transformation tools and processes to manage activities using agile methodologies.Work directly with stakeholders to align business and acquisition processes to industry and DIA best practices.Support Stakeholder Engagement in identifying and developing business needs, requirements, capability, architectures, software design, agile task prioritization, and other requirements as needed.Educate and guide stakeholders and pilot programs through the full acquisition lifecycle.Other tasks as required.Qualifications: Must have an active/current TS/SCI and be able to pass a CI Poly.Must have 10 years of experience providing on-site acquisition and governance support requirements.A bachelor's degree or equivalent training and experience.Excellent oral and written communication skills with customers, team, and leadership.Understanding of the IC, IC ITE, and DoD acquisition frameworks and architectures.Experience with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), DoD FAR Supplements (DFARs), and/or DoD Acquisition 5000 Series and ICD 801.Preferred Qualifications: DAWIA Level I, II, and/or III certification in Contracts or Program Management.Previous experience as a Contracting Officer/Contract Specialist (1102 series).Previous experience as a Government Program Manager.Master's degree with advanced training in DoD/IC Acquisition.Travel Requirements: Travel may be required within Washington National Capital Region (NCR) on an as-needed basis for customer or corporate requirements.Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.Applicants with a physical or mental disability, who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, may e-mail their request to Jennifer.chavira@axiologicsolutions.com, call 571-758-3780, or visit our office at 8280 Willow Oaks Corp. Dr. Suite 450, Fairfax Virginia for assistance. Determinations on request for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Information Operations Team Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Critical decisions are made every single day in the military. What if you could use your analytical skills to help them make informed decisions? With all the information available today, it takes a skilled analyst to know how to find and interpret the best data to give their clients the right answers. As an Information Operations (IO) Team Lead, you use your specialized functional, technical, and military experience and your attention to detail to manage and support the Red Team, Mission Assurance, and Cyber-Support Detachments to give your client the actionable intelligence and context they need. If you have strong analytical skills and a problem-solving mindset, we have an opportunity to use those skills to support our warfighters and protect our national security.
As an IO on our team, you’ll help your client understand their operational landscape and mission environment. You’ll validate information and develop tradecraft as you build assessments for the Army. As the authority on your team, your client will look to you for time critical recommendations, often under pressure. This is a chance to grow your expertise and broaden your skillset into areas like Data Science and Cyber. You’ll share your expertise with other analysts through leadership and mentoring. We focus on growing as a team to deliver the best support to our customers, so you’ll have resources to learn new skills and tools. Join us as we provide the right information at the right time to support the critical needs of our warfighters.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
12+ years of experience with supporting the red team capability in executing effects-based cyberspace operations ISO Army and Joint exercises, conducting operational vulnerability assessments, and establishing and maintaining PCO ISO persistent penetration testing (PPT) cyber-campaigns
12+ years of experience with supporting the mission assurance capability in conducting cyber-to-physical control systems assessments, integrating mission assurance capabilities ISO operational technologies and infrastructure assessments, assisting with certifying Army PENTESTING programs, providing doctrine and policy development, and supporting protection assessments
12+ years of experience in supporting the cyber-support detachment with developing and maintaining remote operation capabilities, building and maintaining attack platforms, and tool and exploit development
TS/SCI clearance
MA or MS degree
DoD 8570 Information Assurance Technician (IAT) Level III Certification or Information Manager (IAM) Level III Certification
Nice If You Have:
12+ years of experience with integrating and synchronizing IO
Experience as an IO Planner, Field Support Team, or Cyber Support Detachment team member
Experience with recognizing and analyzing information that affects military operations, national policies, and objectives
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills
MA or MS degree in Business Management or a technical field
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and intelligence. When you join Booz Allen, we’ll help you develop the career you want.
Challenging projects – Whether training analysts on military equipment through VR technology; developing a simulation capability to allow teams to rehearse missions together; or integrating RFID tags into mobile devices to enable data access within a geo parameter, you’ll get to solve some of the world’s toughest problems
Meaningful work – Use your skills to empower change. Your work will keep citizens and warfighters safe and well both at home and abroad
State-of-the-art technology – Broaden your intelligence capabilities with digital forensics, telematics, precision navigation, secure mobile operations, and advanced analytics
New skills – In-house experts and partnerships with tech leaders, like Nvidia and Splunk, mean you can get practical experience with advanced GPU technologies, cybersecurity, and data science
Room to grow – You’ll be inspired to grow your career while making your ideas a reality thanks to new opportunities across the US and abroad, encouraging mentors, and collaborative colleagues
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1"	469	Washington
Information System Security Manager III	Triumph Enterprises	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"***This position is contingent upon contract award
Beyond your technical expertise (outlined below), you must be resourceful, detail-oriented, and 100% client focused, with a continuing passion for your profession. The rewards of joining Triumph Enterprises will include competitive compensation, exceptional benefits, matching 401K, and professional/training development allowances that exceed many companies of larger size and stature. Built around four core values, our employees, managers and leadership team work collaboratively to grow and sustain a Triumph Culture where:
“Client focus” has earned the trust and loyalty of our valued clients.
“Integrity” has earned us a reputation for doing the right thing in all situations.
“Imagination” and innovation has created new and exciting opportunities for both our company and our people.
“Employee Engagement” has resulted in benefits, promotions from within, a balanced work environment, professional development/training, social opportunities, and a culture of empowerment where our employees are as equally valued as our clients.

Triumph Enterprises is currently looking for a Information System Security Manager III to join a contract with a federal government client with an important mission. In this role, you will have the opportunity to work with a great team while serving a fulfilling mission. In this contract, you will be supporting the Navy’s submarine combat system subsystems, consultation, command, control, communications, computers, and intelligence to aid in integrating all systems into a single combat system for naval battle group interconnectivity. This candidate will be responsible for providing day-to-day system security operations by ensuring that operational security is maintained for an information system.
Responsibilities
The successful candidate will work directly with our government client and support team members to:
Oversees and manages information security program implementation within the organization or other area of responsibility.
Perform security analysis of operational and development environments, threats, vulnerabilities, and internal interfaces to define and assess compliance with accepted industry and government standards.
Manages strategy, personnel, infrastructure, policy enforcement, emergency planning, security awareness, and/or other resources.
Create and maintain System Security Plans, Security Control Traceability Matrixes, Plan of Actions and Milestones, and all other RMF documentation required for supported systems.
Acquire and manage the necessary resources, including leadership support, financial resources, and key security personnel, to support information technology (IT) security goals, and reduce overall organizational risk.
Assist with management of Authorization and Assessment processes for multiple authorities to operate across multiple sites.
Work with team members to develop briefings and presentations in support of the program.
Maintain the Security Authorization or Certification and Accreditation of their assigned system.
Produce required reporting for various management levels.
Coordinate and communicate with multiple ISSOs to ensure compliance with regulations and internal policies.
Prepare program communications and documentation including executive briefings, talking points, program milestones, weekly reports, etc.
Proactively identify issues and risks, and work with the team for timely resolutions.
Leverage best practices, techniques, and tools for quality control, project planning, execution, project management, ongoing milestone tracking, communication, and key performance metrics
Develop and build excellent relationships with prospects, clients, and internal team members.
Lead client calls and communications including the development of presentations, status reports, and requirements documents.

Required Experience
Must have an active Secret clearance with eligibility to obtain a TS clearance.
Masters’ degree from accredited University or CNSSI 4012 or NDU CISO certificate or NDU CIO certificate or AQD GA8. or successful completion of military training course: NEC 2779 (CIN: A-531-0009) or 3372 or (EKMS Manager CIN W-3B-1500 ) or A-4C-1340 (KMI) (or DOD Service equivalent)
At least 5+ years of specialized entry in information systems security management.
Certification in either GSLC or CISSP or CISM or CAP or CASP
Working knowledge of system functions, security policies, technical security safeguards, and operational security measures.
Understanding of system methodologies including but not limited to client server, web hosting, web content servers, policy servers, directory servers, firewalls, WAN, LAN, switches, & routers.
Experience with submarines, undersea weapons and warfare is highly desired.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal skills.
Exceptionally self-motivated, directed, and detail oriented.
Must be able to learn, understand and apply new technologies.
Excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, and SharePoint).

Desired Elements
Experience with government contracting firms supporting the Federal government.

Triumph is a veteran owned company specializing in Cybersecurity, Business Intelligence, Analytics, and Data Visualization, Program Management, Acquisitions Support, Engineering, and IT Service. Incorporated in Virginia in 2005, Triumph has risen to meet the Federal Government’s growing need for protecting critical infrastructure and key resources, problem solving using business intelligence, and providing acquisition and program management expertise; while cultivating a track record of success. Our pursuit of excellence is driven by an emphasis on Client Focus, Integrity, Imagination, and Employee Engagement – the Core Values that motivate and inspire our leadership, business practices, and company culture. For more information on Triumph, visit http://triumph-enterprises.com/.
Triumph participates in e-Verify. We provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee’s I-9 Form to confirm work authorization. Triumph is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other status defined by law. Go to www.triumph-enterprises.com to learn more about Triumph."	469	Washington
Senior Associate Director, Operations - Division of Monetary Affairs	Federal Reserve Board of Governors	Washington, DC (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"I. JOB SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) As a member of Monetary Affairs’ Senior Leadership Team, work closely with the Director and Deputy Directors to provide leadership and strategic direction to the division. Areas of focus include organizational development and culture; information technology and data strategy; strategic planning; business process improvement; communications and engagement; diversity and inclusion; talent and resource management; and administration.
2) Provide leadership, guidance, and direction to the operations wing of the division, a team of approximately 30 professionals that are organized into three sections. These sections are directly overseen by other officers, who report to the senior associate director.
a. The Operations and Resource Management (ORM) section provides strategic and routine support in the areas of talent management, professional development, recruiting, performance review and reporting, budget and finance, project management, communications, logistics, and internal processes and policies.
b. The Information and Technology Management (ITM) section applies user experience (UX) methods and agile project management to the design and implementation of solutions in the areas of information management, technology development, business process improvement, web design, information security, and contingency planning, with an emphasis on supporting collaboration, planning, communications, and engagement.
c. The Monetary Statistics and Analysis (MSA) section supports the development and implementation of data-related technologies and tools, including the exploration and adoption of innovative methods, and promotes data and technology standards and governance. The section also oversees the weekly H.8 statistical release, Assets and Liabilities of Commercial Banks in the United States.
3) Provide leadership and oversight for the division’s strategic planning program, which identifies strategic priorities and devises and implements processes and initiatives to enable progress toward those priorities. Ensure that strategic initiatives are effectively managed and communicated in order to promote staff engagement, ownership, and participation and to foster an environment of continuous improvement. Ensure alignment of these efforts with the Board’s Strategic Plan.
4) Oversee the development and execution of the division’s data and technology strategy to support the needs and responsibilities of the division’s research, analytic, operational, and technical communities. As appropriate, coordinate these efforts across divisions or at the enterprise level to ensure alignment with Board Technology Strategy by working in concert with other Board and System stakeholders.
5) Guides strategies and initiatives to enhance talent development, employee engagement, and organization culture. Provide leadership guidance for the prioritization, coordination, and implementation of programs to support diversity and inclusion, collaboration, and communications; promote the division’s values; and support the Board’s Diversity and Inclusion Strategic Plan.
6) Engage in enterprise-level activities in the areas of expertise, representing the division’s business needs in the formation of Board policies, programs, and strategic discussions. Build strong working relationships with colleagues in the division and in partner divisions at the Board. Represent the division, the Board, or the System, on committees or in meetings with other divisions, the Reserve Banks, other agencies, professional conferences, or other outside groups.
II. DIVISION SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS:
As a senior officer in the Division of Monetary Affairs (MA) and a member of the Senior Leadership Team, the senior associate director works closely with the director, deputy directors, and other officers to provide effective leadership, oversight, and governance of the division. In this capacity, the senior associate director contributes to the development of division-wide strategies and priorities to continuously improve the culture and productivity of the division, further the professional development of staff and leaders, align resources and reduce friction points, facilitate the flow of information, enhance employee engagement and communications, and foster diversity and inclusion. The senior associate director oversees, guides, and directs the operations wing of the division in a manner that allows the sections in this wing to leverage their expertise and synergies to create programs, processes, and tools to effectively support the division’s goals and strategic priorities. This officer must be able to take a broad view of division needs and how they interact, as the portfolio affects the entire division and its ability to achieve its mission. The senior associate director substitutes for the director, when appropriate, in matters relating to the area of responsibility within the division and in Board-wide leadership committees and efforts.
The individual is a broad conceptual thinker with a practical orientation and an ability to translate complex concepts into practical applications. The individual has strong analytical and problem-solving skills, excellent written and oral communications skills, and excellent management and leadership abilities. As an officer in the MA division, the individual would promote the division’s model of leadership—within the division and across the Board—focused on maximizing the contribution, development, and accountability of all staff in the division. Additionally, as an officer, the individual would facilitate the strongest contributions of others by distributing authority, responsibility, and decision-making widely, providing feedback, encouraging initiative and creativity, giving others broad discretion for how to best carry out their jobs, and then holding them accountable for performing at a high level. Much of the work of MA is conducted by teams of staff. As a result, it is critical for officers in MA to promote close and effective working relationships among staff working together as a team. As part of this, officers must act in a way that builds trust and puts the needs and goals of the Board and the Division first. In particular, it is essential for officers to foster a work environment that allows staff in their lines and across the Division to reach their full potential. Some key examples of the types of behaviors that officers in MA should demonstrate in this area include:
Creating a work environment in which it is safe to speak and everyone’s voice is heard, and in which every employee is being valued, without bias, preference, or prejudice.Demonstrating collegial, cooperative, and collaborative behaviors. It is essential to be able to have intellectual disagreements with others and still work together respectfully and harmoniously.Being present in the lives of staff, remaining connected to the staff’s work, and sharing the divisions’ broader agenda with the staff.Ensuring that the staff’s work is aligned with our principals’ priorities and the division’s strategic objectives. Explaining to staff how their work fits into the bigger picture.Practicing behaviors and fostering an atmosphere consistent with the high ethical standards of the Board.Acknowledging and addressing conflicts or difficult personnel situations forthrightly and promptly.
Employment is also contingent upon meeting the Board’s requirements for accessing information relevant to the job and the completion and satisfactory adjudication of relevant background investigations.
Position requires presence in Washington, DC office once remote work period is complete.

Position Requirements
III. KNOWLEDGE/SKILL/EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:
1) Advanced degree or equivalent professional experience in business administration, public policy, business or information technology, or a related field.
2) A minimum of 12 years of experience managing people, including 6 years or more in a senior management or a leadership role overseeing a complex, multi-layered organization and influencing senior leaders and key stakeholders.
3) Substantial knowledge and professional experience in overseeing business strategy and operations, data and technology solutions, planning, communications, and personnel management.
4) Strategic thinker with demonstrated strong project execution and project management capabilities, analytical skills, political savvy, and conflict mediation skills.
5) Demonstrated experience and commitment to fostering collaboration and employee engagement across all organizational levels from senior executive to entry-level staff.
6) Ability to lead and manage staff and projects effectively, set priorities, assess performance, guide staff development, and make budgetary recommendations.
7) Ability to balance competing interests among a variety of clients/stakeholders and readily readjust priorities to respond to pressing and changing client demands. Must be able to anticipate and meet the clients’ needs while maintaining high-quality end products.
8) Exceptional organizational savvy and agility as demonstrated by ability to manage across organizational boundaries, building high performing teams, diminishing organizational silos, strengthening teams, and facilitating effective group and team dynamics.
9) Requires the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with all levels of staff and management.
IV. OFFICER SPECIFIC POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Acts as responsible steward to the function(s), Division, and Board by demonstrating proficiency in the Board’s espoused competencies.
2) Balances and mitigates key organizational and functional risks where appropriate, and develops and executes sustainable risk mitigation strategies.
3) Fosters a continuous learning culture.
4) Exercises appropriate judgement and decision-making in complex situations.
5) Demonstrates innovation and thought leadership relevant to future-state organizational and functional people strategies.
6) Demonstrates strong leadership and management skills aligned to the Board’s espoused values.
7) Keeps skills and knowledge current and aligned to best practices relative to key rules, regulations, and policies, as well as economic, political, and social trends that affect the organization. Understands near-term and long-term needs for the organization and determines how operations should be positioned to meet such needs.
8) Demonstrates proficiency in political savvy, organizational savvy, and interpersonal communication skills.
V. BOARD COMPETENCIES:
1) Decision Quality: Makes timely, thoughtful, strategic decisions
2) Learning Agility: Takes responsibility for building organizational agility
3) Drive for Excellence: Delivers results by developing shared vision and direction for the organization
4) Perspective and Strategic Agility: Leads and acts with the future in mind
5) Collaborative Relationships: Sets the tone for collaborative organization
6) Effective Communication: Effectively speaks and acts on behalf of the Board
VI. PERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS:
1) Has frequent contact with members of the Board, both in discussions and through memoranda, regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
2) Has frequent contact with senior staff and other professionals in the division, elsewhere at the Board, and the Reserve Banks regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
3) Has regular contact with all staff in the function(s) to stay connected to the pulse of the division, provide leadership, and act as a role model.
4) Has frequent contact with individuals from other federal agencies, international organizations, and in the private sector regarding the subject matters in area(s) of responsibilities.
VII. INTERNAL MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Provides guidance, coaching, and feedback to, and conducts performance reviews for managers and other direct reports, and ensures same is provided to all function staff.
2) Responsible for accomplishing approved program objectives for area(s) of responsibility within the financial and personnel resources allocated by the Board and the division's senior management.
3) Participates in the development of the division’s strategic plan, goals, and budget. Recommends program objectives and their priorities for area(s) of responsibility.
4) Recommends personnel actions involving promotions, reclassifications, merit increases, and reassignments or separations in area(s) of responsibility.
VIII. POSITION DEMANDS:
1) Ability to exercise independent and sound judgment in establishing objectives for assigned area(s) of responsibility that provide support and services for the division’s and Board’s missions.
2) Ability to translate customer service and organizational development theories and best practices into effective strategies for adoption in area(s) of responsibility to achieve and maintain high levels of customer service.
3) Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to the Board and individual members thereof, senior Board staff, other Board and Reserve Bank staff: and staff at other government agencies and in the private sector on complex and technical matters.
4) Ability to be an effective spokesperson and advocate for the Board and the division in outside contacts, which may involve significant business dealings.
5) Ability to operate under pressure to meet deadlines accurately and in a timely manner.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or application, membership, or service in the uniformed services."	469	Washington
System Engineer 5 (Tier III Expeditionary IT)	INNOPLEX	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Love where you work! This contract is comprised of a large agency wide contract supporting Enterprise Systems Engineering and Architecture across some intelligence organizations. This amazing program contains a variety of primarily senior System Engineering type roles to include all the major mission areas across capabilities and operations. The engineers and program support personnel on this contract provide needed support across the full lifecycle of systems engineering. Projects include, but are not limited to requirements analysis, dataflow, architecture, IT Engineering, SIGINT, Cyber Network Operations, and security domains.

Job Description:
Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.

Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable.

Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:
Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology.
Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services.
Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support.
Security + Certification required
Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission.
Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks.
Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel.
Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones.
Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation.
Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Must be able to work a flexible schedule.
Current, Active Clearance with Polygraph


INNOPLEX, LLC is a family-focused company that has won numerous awards for Top Ranked Benefits, Best Places to Work, and Best Government Contractor in Howard County! Established in 2005, we have over 90 employees with the majority having a rich military service history. Our employees are mostly located in the surrounding areas of Columbia, MD and Aberdeen, MD. INNOPLEX, LLC is a mission-focused company with a wide range of expertise to include RF SIGINT Solutions, Wireless Protocol Processing, Cyber, and Mission Critical IT Operations."	469	Washington
Partnership Associate III	FHI 360	Washington, DC 20009 (Adams Morgan area)	None	"Job Summary:

To support FHI Partners management team across all core functional areas: Business Development, Program Management, Business Operations & Finance and Contracting. To help manage a growing portfolio of a new organization by serving as support to and backstop for key functional areas. This role will report to the directly to Associate Director of Business Development but will also work very closely with the leads for Business Operations & Finance, Contracting and on special projects as designated by the Managing Director.
Overall responsibilities will range from:

Business Development support - Provide assistance in managing FHI Partners opportunity development process to ensure internal client satisfaction, support framing of key approaches, ensure high quality client delivery, manage BD portfolio metrics for continual performance improvement

Portfolio and Project Management support - Assist in managing project portfolio metrics and reporting, tracking project performance, troubleshooting implementation issues, and ensure client communication/satisfaction

Business Operations & Finance support - Work in partnership with the Operations Business Manager to provide financial administration support from pre-award to close-out.

Contracts & Grants Management support – Work in partnership with the Contracts Manager to provide contract administration support from pre-award to close-out, assisting in the efficient operation and maintenance of a contracts portfolio management system.

Accountabilities:


Business Development
Manage New Opportunities Process – Assist in FHI Partners Opportunity Assessment process (identifying viable opportunities), with eventual goal of being POC for opportunities < $250k
Manage Development Accounts – Once opportunities are approved, manage development accounts process (approval, intercompany work order to issue code, communicating to team)
Systematize BD Process – Support efforts to improve process and communications with key internal stakeholders. Compile standard operating procedures into an operational “Play Book”
Support BD Analysis & Dashboards – Support the development and management of dashboards tools to track performance metrics and analyze BD results (Salesforce, Costpoint, Power BI)

Portfolio and Project Management
Manage Portfolio Dashboard – Manage portfolio dashboard (currently in development) to ensure it reflects up to date data and project information
Track Project Performance – Support team in tracking project performance. Manage calendar of key dates (team check-ins, major deliverables, project close, client check-ins, etc.)
Support Troubleshooting Implementation Issues – Support team in addressing any constraints, challenges that project teams are facing
Ensure Client Communication/Satisfaction – Support development of client satisfaction tracking tool and execution of systematic client check ins

Business Operations & Finance
Manage New Project Codes - Open new project numbers using Excel template and automated IWO process. Maintain updated project number list and related organizational file structure
Manage Portfolio Tracker - Update portfolio tracker for new awards
Payment processing and review - Process payment transactions for business development activities and small projects; Review payment transaction for accuracy and adherence to policy
Monthly reporting and review - Run monthly cost sheets for projects, business development and management accounts
Operational institutionalization – Assist with documenting standard operating procedures into an operational “Play Book”

Contracts & Grants Management
Assist in the review of prime award documents prior to signature.
Prepare subcontract and consultant agreements packages for business development activities and small projects, assuring completeness and accuracy of packages.
Close out subcontracts and consultant agreements upon expiration.
Data set-up in contract management/financial management system.
Work in partnership with Finance to maintain the accuracy and integrity of the Partners filing system.
Prepare and submit routine business transactions such as requests for donor approval.
Prepare periodic management reports.

General
Provide support to the Managing Director for special projects and administrative matters
Performs other duties as assigned.

Applied Knowledge & Skills:
Comprehensive knowledge of concepts, practices, and procedures with establishing new

strategic relationships.
Strong knowledge of organization’s technical capacity and programs to share information

and create new partnerships/relationships in one or more key areas: health, education,

governance, civil society, social change, gender, economic growth, research and the

environment.
Strong knowledge of fundamental accounting, finance and core business principles
Demonstrates and applies sound judgment with managing internal and external

stakeholders.
Ability to influence, motivate and works well with others.
Ability to understand and negotiate procurement agreements.
Ability to draft basic contracting terms.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills.
Must be able to read, write, and speak fluent English.

Problem Solving & Impact:
Works on problems that are varied and complex that require novel and creative approaches to solve.
Addresses, oversees and resolves issues from external constituents and revives old or fading partnerships.
Contributes to decisions on the overall strategy and direction of the entire organization.
Contributes to business and operational decisions that affect the department and/or area.

Supervision Given/Received:
Reports to Associate Director, Business Development, but will also work very closely with the leads for Business Operations & Finance, Contracting and on special projects as designated by the Managing Director.

Education:**
Bachelor's Degree or International Equivalent in Business Administration, International

Development, Public Policy or Related Field. Master’s Degree preferred.

Experience:**
Typically requires a minimum 8+ years of professional work experience with private sector businesses, relationship management, business development, accounting or finance. 6+ years required with a master’s degree.
Demonstrated experience with multilateral organizations, or major corporations and foundations.
Experience with economic growth efforts or advancing social equity in the United States preferred
Prior experience working overseas preferred.

Typical Physical Demands:
Typical office environment.
Ability to spend long hours looking at computer screen and doing repetitive work on a

keyboard.
Ability to sit and stand for extended periods of time.
Ability to lift 5 - 50 lbs.

Technology to be Used:
Personal Computer, Microsoft Office 365 (i.e. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Skype/TEAMS, email), office telephone, cell phone and printer/copier.

Travel Requirements:
10 - 25%
This job posting summarizes the main duties of the job. It neither prescribes nor restricts the exact tasks that may be assigned to carry out these duties. This document should not be construed in any way to represent a contract of employment. Management reserves the right to review and revise this document at any time.
FHI 360 is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer whereby we do not engage in practices that discriminate against any person employed or seeking employment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law."	469	Washington
Service Desk Specialist (L2)	General Dynamics Information Technology	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
An I2TS 3 Service Desk Specialist:
Provides first contact and incident resolution to customers with hardware, software, and application problems. Includes both customer telephone support as well as electronically submitted requestsProvides polite and friendly customer serviceAttempts to resolve as many incidents during the first contact, or at Tier I. Efficiently escalates incidents to higher Tier II or Tier III when requiredDocuments incident status and solutions in incident database tools.Possesses current working knowledge of computers, printers, laptops, and common windows applicationsWorks through various types Tier II issues with telephone assistProvides answers to Frequently Asked Questions or solutions to common problems as part of a customer self-help capabilityPossesses comprehensive knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in computer troubleshooting and supportPossesses comprehensive knowledge of desktop operating systems and applications

Desirable Skills / Experience:
Perform STIGs & IAVA implementation for system devices, perform imaging of systems, CERP replacement, etc.Interact with customers on a daily basis to provide guidance on procedures concerning account requests, e-mail, home directories, file access/storage, and other local procedures as required to ensure mission success.Perform Level I/II Active Directory functions such as unlocking accounts, creating and issuing accounts, etc.
Education Required:
High School diploma/GED with 8-years of related experience, or Associates degree with 6-years of experience, or Bachelors degree with 4-years of experience

Certification(s):
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II Computing Environment (CE) Certification as determined by the Program Manager is required prior to support on contractRequired Baseline/Security Environment Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalentRequired Computing Environment Certification: MTA 98-349, Windows Operating System Fundamentals or equivalent.
Additional:
Candidates must be willing and able to attain a CI Polygraph for certain positions as determined by the contract.Candidates may be required to travel and/or provide support to Aberdeen Proving Ground (APG).Position may require lifting of objects (i.e. IT Hardware), reaching/bending/kneeling (i.e. plug in cables) and other moderately strenuous activity
#I2TS3
#GDITINSCOM
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Program Integrator 3 SR 1602	Davis Unlimited Information Technologies, Inc. (DU...	Laurel, MD	None	"Full-time

We are on several wining teams...Come join us! Our work environment is limitless, you matter to us, your great work will be recognized, and there are many opportunities for advancement. Davis Unlimited Information Technologies, Inc (DUIT) wants you! We have immediate openings for project integrator(s). We are looking for the best and brightest project integrator with 12 or more years of experience to join our winning and innovative information technology team!

The Program Integrator shall assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and PEO leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio. Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative. Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports. Draft acquisition and program documents such as TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies. Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.

Why work for us?

No red tape!
Competitive salaries
Great Health/Dental/Vision Benefits
Excellent 401K plans
Limitless environment where you matter
Recognition of great work and other employee incentives
Opportunities for advancement

Davis Unlimited Information Technologies, Inc. (DUIT) is a woman owned, minority owned small business information technology consulting company. We have opportunities for advancement and our salaries and benefits are competitive. We are an equal opportunity employer; check us out on the web at http://duit.us. You can follow us on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook. We do things differently, contact us to find out how...Together, we can DUIT!

Why wait?...Apply today!

All Applicants must have the following: an active high-level security clearance that required an investigative screening exam and meet the minimum job requirements specified for applying position. For this position, we are not seeking clearable or eligible applicants. All information provided is subject to verification. A security background check is required, and if you have already completed a background check/clearance, then that is a plus!

What You ll Get to Do:

General project integrator skills required

Qualifications You'll Bring:

Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor s Degree with a business or technical focus is required.
In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred.
In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts."	469	Washington
Senior Project Manager	Mackson Consulting, An A-TEK Company	Rockville, MD 20852	None	"The Senior Project Manager oversees all aspects of the project, leading teams of IT professionals on large projects or significant segment(s) of large and complex projects in an agile environment. Provides day-to-day tasking of team members to ensure deadlines are met. Facilitates communication between team members, managers and government project leads. Coordinates requirements and scheduling activities to ensure performance across delivery orders. Collects schedule and resource allocation inputs from government project leads and contractors to develop an integrated master schedule to optimize use of staff to meet delivery commitments.
Analyzes new and complex project-related problems and creates innovative solutions that normally involves the schedule, technology, methodology, tools, solution components, and financial management of the project.
Provides analysis and recommendations for long and short-range plans for application selection, systems development, systems maintenance, and production activities for necessary support resources.
Applies principles of PMI’s PMBOK to the management of all O&M software development efforts. Prepares, maintains and follows a program management plan governing technical approach, organizational resources and management controls to meet the cost, schedule and performance requirements.
Operates in a CMMI-DEV Level III environment and ensures that team members are following established processes.
Effectively communicate project plans and expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion. Delegates tasks, responsibilities and work activities to appropriate personnel. Estimates the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals. Delivers all SOW requirements on-time and under budget.
Monitors all project life cycle activities and produces relevant artifacts. Provides weekly status reports and monthly status reports to the Project Officer and stakeholders reporting on progress against task plan, timeline accomplishments, problems encountered, action items, open issues and recommended solutions.
Software/Hardware Familiarity:
Familiarity with the following tools preferred: JIRA, HP ALM, MS Project, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel.
Required Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institution in Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, Business Administration or directly related field
Minimum of 7-10 years of Project Management experience leading applications development, O&M, modernization and,or cloud migration projects.
Previous Federal experience is required—preferably within HHS, CMS or FDA
Proactive management stype with strong interpersonal skills and demonstrated ability to build, extend and maintain customer and internal team relationships.
Strong written and oral communication skills are required.
Preferred Certifications:
PMP®
ITIL®
Agile or Scrum Master
Experience
Required
7 - 10 years: Federal IT Project Management Experience with a mix of applications development, O&M and IT modernization
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field
Licenses & Certifications
Preferred
Cert Scrum Proj Mgr
PMP"	469	Washington
Cybersecurity and Records Management Subject Matter Expert	General Dynamics Information Technology	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: SSBI (T5)
Requisition Type: Regular
Cybersecurity Policy and Planning Support - Support the government in providing technical assistance in support of the government inspections and Staff Assisted Visits (SAVs).Support administration, drafting, reviewing, updating policy and guidance that implements Federal and DoD policies and requirements based on local command policies and environments.Drafting, providing annual review, editing, updating, analyzing, and recommending guidance to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), Tactics, Techniques, & Procedures (TTPs) and Plan of Action and Milestones (POAM’s) for the customer.Assists in collecting, compiling, and reporting Army Portfolio Management System (APMS), and Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), or successor program compliance metrics for the customer’s Cyber Division unclassified and classified networks, devices, personnel, and systems using the Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (eMASS).Support the government in formulating and documenting technical approaches to review, establish, and maintain standards and site security procedures.Coordinates Cybersecurity Readiness / Site Assistance VisitsAssists with developing a SAV Plan, including logistics for executing, TTPs, schedule, roles/responsibilities of involved parties.Supports a Commander’s Cybersecurity Program by conducting SAV and unannounced cybersecurity compliance visits in order to assist subordinate units with the framework necessary to secure information, including its associated system resources.As part of SAV, assists in performing security audits (via spot check) and identify security gaps in security architecture, resulting in recommendations for inclusion into the risk mitigation strategy.Plan and recommend modifications or adjustments based on SAV or Command Cyber Readiness Inspection (CCRI) results or system environment review.Review and provide recommendations based on sites Disaster Recovery/Disaster Recovery Plan (DR (DRP))/Continuity of Operations (COOP)/Contingency Business Continuity (CBCP) and Incident Response (IRP) plans and documented results of DR/COOP exercises to validate. compliance of actions taken to prevent protect and defend information and information systems.Implement approved SAV procedures per the USAREUR-AF G6 Cyber Division and USAREUR-AF Cyber Playbook at inspected sites system for unclassified and classified networks, devices, and systems.
Information Assurance / Cybersecurity Program Management Support:
Provides expertise to assist in the resolution of computer security incidents and vulnerability compliance.Recommends best business practices and secure methodologies where required to maintain and/or improve the security posture of Information Systems (IS), the network, and remedy deficiencies.Recommends best business practices and secure methodologies where required to maintain or improve the security posture of IS and the network and mitigate vulnerabilities.Provides expertise in assessing, documenting, and reporting vulnerabilities due to evolving technologies.Provides input to the Risk Management Framework (RMF) process activities and related documentation.Provides technical support for the review of internal processes, such as incident reporting and trouble ticket handling; recommend and document process improvements.Identifies and documents deviations from approved configurations within eMASS.Assists in the collection, compilation, and reporting Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) for unclassified and classified networks, devices, and systems.Tracks site application of security patches for commercial products integrated into system design to meet the timelines dictated by the management authority for the intended operational environment and ensure compliance.Provide technical expertise and support of patch management, software distribution, operating system deployment, network access protection and hardware and software inventory using System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM).
Risk Management / Accreditation Support:
Leverages the RMF repository (eMASS) of all documents required by the Agent of the Army Certification Authority (ACA) or other organizations.Develops and present briefings and documentation as requested.Provides guidance and support for identifying, baselining, reviewing, implementing, and integrating security, operational and functional requirements into current and future systems architectures.Assists in the application of security patches for commercial products integrated into the system design in order to meet the timelines dictated by the management authority for the intended operational environment, and ensure cybersecurity-enabled products or other compensating security control technologies in order to reduce the identified risk to an acceptable level, implement and/or integrate security measures for use in system(s) and ensure that system designs incorporate security configuration guidelines.
Army Records Information Management System support:
Create, modify, approve records lists (ORLs) and views all unit records, ensuring compliance with and enforcement of Department of the Army (DA) policies and rules governing management information requirements.Develops plans, goals, and objectives for Records Management program and implementation for the Army Records Information Management System (ARIMS).Serves as liaison and point of contact for records management issues between Department of the Army and the local command.Maintains up to date knowledge of information concerning government records management programs.Recommends updates to policies and procedures to ensure compliance with established, approved, and implemented directives.Establishes and promulgates necessary operating procedures to effectively control management of all records created.Establishes and maintains an instructional and informational material program necessary to standardize and sustain the records management program.Oversees the management, control, maintenance, and proper retirement of multimedia, hard copy, record copy, and permanent documents.Establishes and maintains an instructional and informational material program necessary to standardize and sustain the Records Management program. Serves as the Primary Records Manager and coordinates support for subordinates units.Coordinates and promotes records management program with Staff and subordinate activities.Conducts records management surveys and site visits to subordinate activities.Conducts research an analysis to recommend necessary action to resolve records management problems and improve efficiency and sustainment of the program.Develops and implements policies and procedures related to records management programs to ensure compliance with local command, DOD, and Army regulatory requirements and program effectiveness.Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and Privacy Act (PA) Subject Matter Expert:Serves as the FOIA and PA technical expert.Directs, interprets, and ensures compliance with FOIA and PA.Determines which records may be released or withheld from disclosure and those requiring paper-by-paper review.Ensures requests are properly processed in accordance with statutory and regulatory requirements.Remains abreast of changes in statutory laws as they relate to disclosure or denial of FOIA or PA requests.Interfaces with higher headquarter staff activities, legal authorities, unit commanders, to ensure all FOIA and PA report responses meet established statutory requirements.Creates, produces, and disseminates through classroom and technical means, a variety of PA and FOIA tools and training to meet regulatory requirements.Establishes appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure security and confidentiality of records and proper training for employees who deal with any of these records.Budget Information Development:Extracts and analyzes data for reports, metrics, standards, and development of budget information for information technology for the organization.Provides recommendations and supporting data in support of budget projections and cost estimates based on historical data, current posture, and future changes or updates in IT requirements.
Must possess a current, valid IAM III certification
Experience with Army Records Management and FOIA is required.
Knowledge of Army Operations and Air and Missile Defense operations is desired.
Must be able to pass German TESA.
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 8+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Management Analyst III (4247)	ICI Services Corporation	Washington, DC	None	(Req.# 4247)ICI Services is looking for a Management Analyst III to support our US Navy customer in Washington, DC. ICI Services is a fast growing employee-owned Company with our headquarters office located in Virginia Beach. We are a mid-size defense contractor and have a fast-paced and exciting work environment providing Engineering & Integration, Systems Acquisition, Information Warfare, and In-Service Sustainment to government customers in 14 states and the District of Columbia.Security Clearance:Applicant must hold an active Department of Defense (DoD) SECRET personnel security clearanceResponsibilities:Collect, review, and analyze information in order to make recommendations to the Government.Define the nature and extent of problems.Analyze relevant data, which may include annual revenues, employment, or expenditures. Interview managers and employees while observing their operations.Develop solutions to problems. In the course of preparing recommendations, understand the nature of the organization, the relationship it has with others in the Government, and its internal organization and culture.Prepare and solve mathematical models.Report findings and recommendations to the Government. Reports are usually submitted in writing, but oral presentations regarding findings also are common. For some projects, management analysts are retained to help implement the suggestions they have made.Experience Requirements:Minimum 10 years US Navy program support experienceExperienced with MS Office software, especially Excel and PowerPointEducational Requirements:Bachelor Degree in a business or technical field is highly desirable, but may be satisfied by additional relevant work experienceEOE/M/F/ Disability/VetVEVRAA Federal ContractorJob Types: Full-time, ContractBenefits:401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offReferral programTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:US Navy program support: 10 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Contract Length:More than 1 yearContract Renewal:LikelyWork Location:One locationCompany's website:www.icisrvcs.com/careersWork Remotely:NoCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processPersonal protective equipment provided or requiredTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetings	469	Washington
Senior Adviser, Financial Stability and Climate Change - Division of Financial Stability	Federal Reserve Board of Governors	Washington, DC (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"I. JOB SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Chairs the Financial Stability Climate Committee (FSCC) which is the staff committee charged with developing and implementing a program to incorporate climate-related risks into the Board’s financial stability framework.
2) Leads the integration of climate-related risks into the Board’s financial stability framework. The result of this multi-year effort will be a coherent program that identifies the most relevant climate-related risks and the mechanisms by which these risks are most likely to erode the resilience of the financial system. In addition, it will permit ongoing assessments of the magnitudes of these potential effects as well as evaluation of policy options to increase the resilience of the financial system to these potential effects.
3) Manages the ongoing implementation of the resulting program. The program and its implementation will include, but not necessarily be limited to: the effects of climate-related risks on relevant financial institutions and markets; the extent to which climate-related risks are increasing key financial vulnerabilities, such as asset valuations, leverage, and funding risks; evaluation of relevant policy options; and assisting the Board of Governors in its domestic and international engagement on climate related financial stability risks.
4) Represents the Board domestically and internationally at forums where climate related financial stability policy is developed. Such forums include the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the Financial Stability Board, and the Network for the Greening of the Financial System.
5) Manages staff in a small support team for the FSCC. Staff members would include the Secretariat within the Division of Financial Stability and any future hires working in the support of the FSCC’s goals.
6) Informs governors, as needed, on emerging issues related to climate risk and financial stability.
7) Prepares governors for testimony, speeches, or other public engagements.
II. DIVISION SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS:
Reporting to the deputy director, serves as a senior leader in the Division of Financial Stability to be a thought leader in the Division’s work at the intersection of financial stability and climate change. The position is a leadership role in the division’s efforts to organize and lead a broad-based program to incorporate climate-related risks into our financial stability efforts.
Position requires location in Washington, DC office once remote work period is complete.

Position Requirements
III. KNOWLEDGE/SKILL/EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:
1) PhD in economics, finance, or a related field is preferred; however, a PhD in one of the physical sciences with a focus on climate will be considered.
2) A minimum of 5 years of relevant post-doctoral experience is required.
3) Demonstrated interest or knowledge in the field of climate economics is required. Such interest or knowledge can be demonstrated, for example, through several years of work experience in the field of climate or environment economics. Knowledge of financial markets, institutions, and regulation is also required. Such knowledge can be demonstrated through publications in high quality academic journals, publication of working papers, and presentations at high-quality conferences and workshops.
4) Experience working in interagency/intergovernmental work is desirable.
5) Experience working with policymakers or in a policymaking institution is desirable.
6) Requires the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with the public as well as with all levels of staff and management
7) Strategic thinker with demonstrated strong project execution and project management capabilities, analytical skills, political savvy, and conflict mediation skills.
8) Demonstrated experience and commitment to fostering collaboration and employee engagement.
9) Ability to lead and manage staff and projects effectively, set priorities, assess performance, guide staff development, and make budgetary recommendations.
10) Ability to balance competing interests among a variety of clients and readily readjust priorities to respond to pressing and changing client demands. Must be able to anticipate and meet the clients’ needs while maintaining high-quality end products.
11) Exceptional organizational savvy and agility as demonstrated by ability to manage across organizational boundaries, building high performing teams, diminishing organizational silos, strengthening teams, and facilitating effective group and team dynamics.
IV. OFFICER SPECIFIC POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Acts as responsible steward to the function(s), Division, and Board by demonstrating proficiency in the Board’s espoused competencies.
2) Balances and mitigates key organizational and functional risks where appropriate and develops and executes sustainable risk mitigation strategies.
3) Fosters a continuous learning culture.
4) Exercises appropriate judgement and decision-making in complex situations.
5) Demonstrates innovation and thought leadership relevant to future-state organizational and functional people strategies.
6) Demonstrates strong leadership and management skills aligned to the Board’s espoused values.
7) Keeps skills and knowledge current and aligned to best practices relative to key rules, regulations, and policies, as well as economic, political, and social trends that affect the organization. Understands near-term and long-term needs for the organization and determines how operations should be positioned to meet such needs.
8) Demonstrates proficiency in political savvy, organizational savvy, and interpersonal communication skills.
V. BOARD COMPETENCIES:
1) Decision Quality: Makes timely, thoughtful, strategic decisions
2) Learning Agility: Takes responsibility for building organizational agility
3) Drive for Excellence: Delivers results by developing shared vision and direction for the organization
4) Perspective and Strategic Agility: Leads and acts with the future in mind
5) Collaborative Relationships: Sets the tone for collaborative organization
6) Effective Communication: Effectively speaks and acts on behalf of the Board
VI. PERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS:
1) Has frequent contact with members of the Board, both in discussions and through memoranda, regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
2) Has frequent contact with senior staff and other professionals in the division, elsewhere at the Board, and the Reserve Banks regarding matters pertaining to area(s) of responsibility.
3) Has regular contact with all staff in the function(s) to stay connected to the pulse of the division, provide leadership, and act as a role model.
4) Has frequent contact with individuals from other federal agencies, international organizations, and in the private sector regarding the subject matters in area(s) of responsibilities.
VII. INTERNAL MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES:
1) Provides guidance, coaching, and feedback to, and conducts performance reviews for managers and other direct reports, and ensures same is provided to all function staff.
2) Responsible for accomplishing approved program objectives for area(s) of responsibility within the financial and personnel resources allocated by the Board and the division's senior management.
3) Participates in the development of the division’s strategic plan, goals, and budget. Recommends program objectives and their priorities for area(s) of responsibility.
4) Recommends personnel actions involving promotions, reclassifications, merit increases, and reassignments or separations in area(s) of responsibility.
VIII. POSITION DEMANDS:
1) Ability to exercise independent and sound judgment in establishing objectives for assigned area(s) of responsibility that provide support and services for the division’s and Board’s missions.
2) Ability to translate customer service and organizational development theories and best practices into effective strategies for adoption in area(s) of responsibility to achieve and maintain high levels of customer service.
3) Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to the Board and individual members thereof, senior Board staff, other Board and Reserve Bank staff: and staff at other government agencies and in the private sector on complex and technical matters.
4) Ability to be an effective spokesperson and advocate for the Board and the division in outside contacts, which may involve significant business dealings.
5) Ability to operate under pressure to meet deadlines accurately and in a timely manner.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or application, membership, or service in the uniformed services."	469	Washington
Sr. Contract Specialist	Cherokee Federal	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	$115,000 - $135,000 a year	Sr Acquisition Specialist, Ft Belvoir*** Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance***SUMMARYThe Sr Acquisition Specialist will assist contracting officers in the development of solutions, recommendations, processes, and specialized instruments such as grants, task orders, cooperative agreements, and other transactions in support of the efforts at DTRA.CN3S provides personalized professional and support services to ensure our clients' success. Whether your program requires mission, IT, environmental or medical support, CN3S offers the best solutions to finish your job on time and within budget. CN3S has proven expertise in navigating the competitive and tribal 8(a) acquisition environments. This gives our clients more control over project scopes and budgets, streamlines the procurement process and alleviates acquisition delays.For more company information, visit our site atESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESIncludes the following:Provide assistance in conducting both pre-and post-award contracting activities.Assist a Contracting Officer by updating and maintaining official contract files.Assist the Contracting Officer by preparing pre-award contractual documents.Prepare routine correspondence or documentation for signature, distribute those actions to the appropriate offices for action, track and provide the status to the Contracting Officer/COR, in file completed actions in the official contract file.Perform task relating to pre-award functions and develop documents including market research, Justification and Approvals, Acquisition Plans and Strategies, and other required documents.Serves as point of contact for assigned procurements.Ensures appropriate funding and required waivers, certifications, approvals and compliance have been obtained for purchase requests.Coordinates with responsible officials to obtain funding waivers, certifications, and approvals.Makes recommendations to the Contracting Officer regarding contract types, methods of solicitation and options.In coordination with the Contracting Officer, prepares milestones, acquisition plans, and all other acquisition-related documents for the acquisition package.Prepares and develops solicitations for the Contracting Officer with appropriate provisions, well-defined statements of work / performance work statements, inappropriate evaluation factors.Assist the Contracting Officer with contract audit recommendations in a timely manner.Prepares evaluation documents for the Contracting Officer from responses to solicitations, including price reasonableness, adequacy of competition, and the compliance with solicitations.Assist the Contracting Officer with price negotiation documents, to include, but not limited to, prices, terms, and conditions.Prepares for the Contracting Officer award documents, consistent with established award factors and the technical board evaluation.Performs other job-related duties as assigned.SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITYNo supervisory or management authority.EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCEMinimum of Bachelor’s degree with at least 24 semester hours in accounting, law, business, finance, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods, or organization and management and 4 years of experience within the past ten (10) years hands-on work as a contract specialist on DoD contracts. Hands-on experience with performance-based contracting, and contracting by negotiation as referenced in FAR Part 15.KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIESKnowledge of Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) Level III, or equivalent, in the contracting career field unless waived by the COR.Proven ability to perform cost/price analysis in reviewing contractor's proposals; reviewing and evaluating direct and indirect cost elements, such as, materials, labor, Other Direct Costs, (ODCs), overhead, general and administrative (G&A) expenses and fixed fee.Skilled in developing, recommending and documenting cost/price objectives for negotiations; and experience in interpreting and applying cost principles and procedures for various types of contracts and acquisitions.Ability to interact daily with contracting officers, program managers, and auditors.Physical sciences knowledge – government acquisitions, cost analysis, DAWIA Level III.Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance.Knowledge of federal and agency laws, regulations, and procedures applicable to the acquisition process and to meeting the performance requirements detailed in this PWS.Professional written and oral communication skills.The ability to guide first-time DOD contractors through the acquisition process, to include contractor education and outreach as appropriate.WORK ENVIRONMENTWork will be primarily performed in a climate-controlled office environment.Job Type: Full-timePay: $115,000.00 - $135,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):What are your salary expectations? Please list a range.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Contract negotiation: 10 years (Required)Government Contracting: 4 years (Required)FAR Part 15: 4 years (Required)License/Certification:DAWIA III (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One location	469	Washington
Physician Insurance Analyst 4	Inova Health System	Fairfax, VA 22033	None	"Job Description
Able to perform the duties for a Physician Insurance Analyst I, II and III and capable of providing training to new staff or deploying insurance updates to existing staff. Responsible for the timely and accurate editing, submission, and/or follow-up of assigned claims, while meeting the expected Productivity and Quality Standards on a weekly basis. Able to process claims for all payer types (Commercial, Managed Care, Blue Cross, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.) and process all types of EPIC charge review and claim edits. Assure all assigned claims meet clearinghouse and/or payer processing criteria. Process all types of EPIC charge review and claim edits. Complete all assigned EPIC billing/claim edits and insure all required reports are filed timely and accurately. Able to identify trends and analyze data. Able to perform the duties for a physician insurance analyst I, II or III and is responsible for the timely and accurate editing, submission, and/or follow-up of assigned accounts. Assure appropriate and timely documentation of all account activity. Assure appropriate and timely documentation of all Physician Insurance Analyst I, II, III account activity and provide feedback when necessary. Ensure correspondence is handled appropriately. All required reports are filed timely and accurately. Identify and report trends, assist in the development and deployment of training relative to trends in conjunction with Team Lead, Supervisor, Manager or Director. Other duties as assigned by Department Manager, Director or Senior Director. Payer response reports and rejection reports are worked timely and meet Departmental Productivity and Quality Review Standards. Effectively interpret CPT, ICD-10 and APC reimbursements to insure a strong receivable performance. Provide support, education, and guidance to Team. Perform duties, as assigned, in the absence of the Supervisor or Manager. Identify opportunities for process improvements utilizing LEAN methodology and techniques.

Job Responsibilities
Document and report claims submission issues immediately and provide feedback to Management.
Provide resolution for pended claims within allowable time frames (as defined for appropriate deficiency).
Able to resolve complex issues either through individual actions or by coordinating information/action of other team members, other Patient Accounts staff or the appropriate individuals in other departments or at the payer.
Seeks assistance from Management appropriately.
All clean claims should be submitted the day they are received and submitted via the appropriate medium (paper vs. electronic) and with all required attachments.
Claims are reviewed, corrections identified, and corrections made or resolution initiated within 24 hours of the date the claim was received.
Provide support to team members as needed.
Write-off requests are completed correctly and submitted daily for Supervisor review.
Handles most complex and/or highest dollar accounts and provides appropriate follow-up based on established protocol.
Productivity and quality expectations met weekly for assigned work lists and any supervisor assigned special tasks.
Provide support to team members as needed.
Able to process all EPIC charge review edits related to billing or front end registration errors.
Able to process all EPIC claims edits assigned to the billing office.
Able to process all aspects of global billing (i.e.transplant, administrative charity).
Research in claims submission system or EPIC for missing files or claims based on required reconciliation procedures for the department.
Able to perform the duties for a physician insurance analyst I, II or III and capable of providing training to new staff or deploying insurance updates to existing staff.
Responsible for the timely and accurate editing, submission, and/or follow-up of assigned claims, while meeting the expected productivity and quality standards on a weekly basis.
Complete all assigned EPIC billing/claim edits and insure all required reports are filed timely and accurately.
Able to process Appeals (level 1 and 2) and check claim status via phone/payer website.
Able to identify trends and analyze data.
Document and report claims submission issues immediately and provide feedback to Management.
Provide resolution for pended claims within allowable time frames (as defined for appropriate deficiency).
Able to resolve complex issues either through individual actions or by coordinating information/action of other team members, other Patient Accounts staff or the appropriate individuals in other departments or at the payer.
Seeks assistance from Management appropriately.
Able to process claims for all payer types (Commercial, Managed Care, Blue Cross, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.) and process all types of EPIC charge review and claim edits.
Document activity in EPIC. Assure documentation is professional, appropriate and accurately depicts actions performed and is in accordance with Departmental Quality Review Standards. Assure appropriate and timely documentation of all account activity.
Correspondence is handled appropriately.
All required reports are filed timely and accurately.All daily, weekly, monthly reports are completed and submitted timely and reports are completed with minimal errors.
Document activity in EPIC.
Complete all assigned EPIC billing/claim edits and insure all required reports are filed timely and accurately.
All daily, weekly, monthly reports are completed and submitted timely and reports are completed with minimal errors.
Assure documentation is professional, appropriate and accurately depicts actions performed and is in accordance with Departmental Quality Review Standards.
Identify opportunities for revenue cycle performance improvements and report to management team as it relates to assigned duties.
Identify and report trends, assist in the development and deployment of training relative to trends in conjunction with Team Lead, Supervisor, Manager or Director.
Other duties as assigned by Department Manager, Director or Senior Director.Identify the need for and provide support and guidance to other Team members to assure all Team members are efficient and productive.
Perform other duties, as assigned, by the Supervisor or Manager. Serve in the place of the Team Supervisor or Manager in their absence.
Able to identify and report opportunities for revenue cycle performance improvement based on regulatory, payer, physician, departmental and/or multiple specialty service line analysis; including Neurology, Cardiology, Oncology, Behavioral Health, Pediatrics, Neurosurgery, Orthopedics, Breast Surgery and General Surgery and utilize lean methodology to improve processes.
Payer response reports and rejection reports are worked timely and meet Departmental Productivity and Quality Review Standards.
Effectively interpret CPT, ICD-10 and APC reimbursements to insure a strong receivable performance.
Ability to interpret CPT, ICD-9/10 and APC reimbursement methodologies specific to professional HCFA 1500 claims, denied claims management, revenue and usage analyses, and other assigned projects.
Identify issues with payer rejections; provide feedback regarding rejections to Team Management.
Take direction from Supervisor or Manager to resolve issues.
Maintain knowledge of payer requirements, 1500 standards, and system (Hospital, clearinghouse, payer) functionality, and physician policy and procedure.
All issues are resolved or resolutions initiated within 24 hours.
Payer response/rejection reports are worked daily.
Other duties as assigned by Department Manager, Director or Senior Director Provide support, education, and guidance to Team. Perform duties, as assigned, in the absence of the Supervisor or Manager.
Identify opportunities for process improvements utilizing LEAN methodology and techniques.Identify the need for and provide support and guidance to other Team members to assure all Team members are efficient and productive.
Able to process Appeals (level 1 and 2) and check claim status via phone/payer website for all payer types (Commercial, Managed Care, Blue Cross, Medicare, Medicaid, etc.).


Additional Requirements

Working knowledge of Patient Accounting System(s)."	469	Washington
Cybersecurity Program Manager, Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"The Challenge:
Do you love leading a project as it develops from concept to completion? Do you have the attention to detail needed to catch issues and course correct? With deliverables on the horizon and a budget to keep in check, project teams need leadership with vision and focus. That’s why we need you, a Cyber Program Manager with the skills and experience to lead our cybersecurity project from beginning to end – on-time and in budget.
As a cybersecurity program manager on our team, you’ll work with cybersecurity and internal professionals to plan, monitor, and report on our work. You will manage a large cybersecurity program in a fast-paced and dynamic client site environment and take charge of cyber tasks in government facilities, including full life cycle Risk Management Framework (RMF), vulnerability management, inspections, governance, and training for a large DoD client. On a daily basis, you will apply program management techniques to ensure the on-time, high-quality delivery of cyber products and ensure their compliance with all contract requirements. You will also work with the client to shape activities under contract in concert with the statement of work, organizational strategic plans, and its associated goals and objectives. You will coach, mentor, and lead staff with diverse skillsets and backgrounds, and grow future leaders. You will also analyze the budget and facilitate contracting actions and work closely with the client to ensure projects meet delivery, quality, and schedule goals supporting organization-wide technical programs and strategic initiatives. Your team will look to you for day to day leadership as they navigate requirements, budget constraints, and staffing challenges. Senior leaders will rely on you for the pulse of the project through regular status briefs, and you will brief leaders in both the Firm and DoD.
Empower change with us.
You Have:10+ years of experience with DoD program management for cyber programs across the acquisition life cycle, including cost, schedule, and performance in the DoD or Intelligence CommunityExperience with managing multiple projects, including adjusting to shifting priorities and solving problems quicklyExperience with managing project teams, including direct responsibility for people developmentExperience with leading transformation initiatives in large organizationsExperience with using Microsoft ProjectAbility to multi-task in a fast-paced environmentTop Secret clearanceBA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:Experience with leading business development activities, including writing proposalsPossession of excellent verbal and written communication skillsTS/SCI clearanceBA or BS degree in Cybersecurity, IT, or a related fieldProject Management Professional (PMP) or another Project Management CertificationITIL Foundations CertificationDoD IAM Level III Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	469	Washington
CONTRACT SPECIALIST	US Naval Sea Systems Command	Washington Navy Yard, DC	$87,198 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as a CONTRACT SPECIALIST in the Contracts Directorate of NAVSEA HQ FIELD SUPPORT.
Responsibilities
You will serve as a recognized expert to develop and implement recommendations and solutions to contract problems, risks, and outcomes in the pre-award and post-award procedures.
You will plan and conduct the contracting process from the description of the requirements through contract delivery, requiring a knowledge of two or more contract functions.
You will plan, analyze, or evaluate procurement programs.
You will review proposed contractual actions for conformance with regulatory requirements and procurement practices.
You will develop policies and procedures or provide advice and guidance to subordinate activities concerning a variety of procurement issues.
You will use negotiation techniques to meet and reach agreement through discussion with a proposed contractor on the price and performance terms, and to set forth all these terms in a procurement document.
You will administer post award contracting procedures oversee or ensure compliance with the terms of contracts;
You will determine reasonableness of and negotiate claims, resolve disputes and other problems concerning obligations of either the Government or the contractor, and negotiate contract modifications.
You will apply post award procedures and negotiation techniques to represent the Government in terminations for convenience or default and in claims and settlements.
Complete cost and/or price analysis techniques to evaluate cost and/or price proposals, contract changes, repricing actions and final contract pricing.
You will obtain and review data from auditors and technical specialists; to recommend cost and profit negotiation objectives.
You will conduct or participate in negotiations on cost and/or price issues.
You will develop and advise on policies and procedures relating to these functions.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
3
Job family (Series)
1102 Contracting
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify/.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final SECRET security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field C- CONTRACTING Level III. If you are not certified you must achieve certification within 24 months of appointment.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
This position may be a designated Critical Acquisition Position (CAP). You must be a member of the Acquisition Corps, become a member, or obtain a waiver at the time of selection and sign a three-year tenure agreement prior to assuming the position.
Qualifications
In addition to the Basic Requirements for this position, your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the next lower pay band NH-02 (GS-11 equivalent) in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: ""Performing professional contracting price/cost analysis for pre-award and post-award functions."" Examples of qualifying experience may include: analyzing fund expenditures to measure the effectiveness, efficiency, or productivity of contracting or procurement efforts; analyzing price or cost data to administer or recommend the award of contracts; providing financial recommendations based on direct and indirect cost reports and data extracts; negotiating contract terms for procurement actions; conducting price or cost analysis of programs; and/or monitoring contractor performance for compliance with negotiated contract terms.

Applicant must meet the following Department of Defense qualification requirements for 1102 contracting positions: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/DoD_Qualification_Standard_For_GS-1102.pdf

And the title 10 requirements found here: http://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?req=granuleid:USC-prelim-title10-section1724&num=0&edition=prelim

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education
Applicants must meet the following Basic Education Requirements of the Department of Defense Qualification Standard for Contracting Positions:

A bachelor's degree from an accredited educational institution authorized to grant baccalaureate degrees

NOTE: The education requirements listed above apply only to individuals entering DoD 1102 positions on or after October 1, 2000. Current civilian personnel in DoD, who occupied GS-1102 positions or contracting positions with authority to award or administer contracts above the simplified acquisition threshold in an Executive Department on or before September 30, 2000, are exempt from meeting this requirement. Current military members who occupied a similar occupational specialty to the GS-1102 on or before September 30, 2000, and members of the Contingency Contracting Force are also exempt from meeting this requirement.

The FY 2020 National Defense Authorization Act amended law to eliminate the requirement at 10 U.S.C. 1724 for 24 semester credit hours of courses in business disciplines for categories of contracting personnel. Applicants claiming they meet the updated basic education requirement of a bachelor's degree but do not possess the 24 semester credit hours of courses in business disciplines should still select response option A under the basic education requirement question.
Additional information
This position is part of the Department of Defense Civilian Acquisition Workforce Personnel Demonstration Project. The NH-3 broadband level encompasses positions equivalent to GS-12 and GS-13.

This public notice announcement is for a standing register for anticipated vacancies, and may be used to fill similar vacancies for up to 350 days. Applicants may be referred for consideration as vacancies occur up to 120 days after the closing date of the announcement.

There may or may not be actual vacancies filled from this register. As such, Notices of Results (NORs) may or may not be sent to applicants who apply to this announcement.

Applicants rated ineligible on this vacancy announcement need to reapply and update their application package to be considered on future vacancies filled through this announcement.

Applicants selected and hired on this vacancy announcement need to reapply to be considered on future vacancies filled through this announcement.

Referral Lists will be issued on an as needed basis as vacancies occur.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the referral cut-off date.

This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized.

This position is eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: http://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/

Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ACCOUNTABILITY
ADVANCED COST AND/OR PRICE ANALYSIS
CONTRACT AWARD
PREPARATION AND NEGOTIATION

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified. Claims for approved ""grandfather"" clauses must be fully supported with documentation.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current and former permanent employees, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and VEOA eligible, current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)"	469	Washington
Program Manager	Amyx, Inc.	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"Overview:

Amyx is seeking to hire a Program Manager to support our DMDC Enterprise Program Management Support contract in the Monterey, CA and Alexandria, VA areas.
Responsibilities:

Responsibilities and Daily Tasks:
Creates and maintains a program management plan, including an Integrated master Schedule (IMS), financial reporting, quality assurance, quality control, strategic and operational planning, progress/status reporting, and program reviews. Creates, updates, and monitors a risk matrix for the program, following corporate and customer procedures and escalation plans. Actively works to identify and mitigate risks to program performance and objectives.
Leads meetings with government and non-government stakeholders to review status of program activities, deliverables, and risks. Will supervise and direct IT teams responsible for various DMDC programs.
Supported Technologies:
Sharepoint, Microsoft Project, COTS and GOTS Enterprise IT Applications
Qualifications:

Required Skills and Qualifications:
Active Top Secret clearance7+ years of DoD program management experience on enterprise IT applications including both COTS and GOTS systems with cost, schedule and performance responsibilities for an enterprise system15+ years experience managing information technology projects within the DoDDAU Program Management Certification (Level 3) with focus on Services and/or Business Systems Management/IT (or commercially available equivalent certification)PMP CertificationExperience with Microsoft ProjectMasters Degree
Experience using Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, etc.)Experience using Microsoft SharePoint
Desired Skills and Qualifications:
5+ years experience within DHRA, particularly within DMDC preferred.Experience using Microsoft SharePoint at an Administrative level preferred.Knowledge of Risk Management Framework standards (Tiers I, II, and III)
Please contact talent@amyx.com with any questions!
Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.

Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.



Physical Demands

Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential."	469	Washington
Software Dev Engineer III	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
4+ years of professional software development experience
3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems

Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) is storage for the Internet. Through the use of pioneering techniques in distributed computing, developers are able to durably store their data on Amazon’s proven computing infrastructure to achieve virtually limitless storage capacity at minimal cost. Amazon S3 provides a simple web services interface that can be used to store and retrieve any amount of data, at any time, from anywhere on the web. It gives any developer access to the same highly scalable, reliable, secure, fast, inexpensive infrastructure that Amazon uses to run its own global network of web sites. The service aims to maximize benefits of scale and to pass those benefits on to developers.

We are looking for talented software development engineers to join our S3 Kinetic team to support AWS S3 Fleet management applications. We are growing and you will contribute towards our rapidly increasing scale in the face of explosive customer growth. To meet and exceed our customers' expectations, we are constantly working on software innovation, fleet life cycle process automation, and improving cloud storage infrastructure. We seek smart, passionate and visionary people to help us deliver this industry leading technology.
Our team is clearly passionate about the incredible opportunity that Amazon S3 presents and about distributed systems in general. You will have the opportunity to deliver high quality technology products/services in a hyper-growth environment where priorities shift fast. You will be able to utilize your experience in building, managing, and mentoring engineering teams, while operating or using web-based services.

Work-Life Balance
Our team works together to provide work/life balance for all team members. We recognize that the circumstances of our team members vary, and we balance work across the team so that we’re all able to maintain high standards on behalf of our customers, while at the same time allowing for rich and happy personal lives.

On-Call Responsibility
In AWS, if you build it, you own it. S3 is a highly available 7x24 worldwide service requiring dedicated support from our engineering teams. We pride ourselves on a high level of ownership in the work we do. This means we hold a high bar for test automation, verification processes, design and code reviews to ensure that our systems meet the exacting standards our customers demand. We maintain a regular on-call rotation across our teams with engineers and managers all taking part to resolve the inevitable issues that arise. We work hard to minimize getting paged in the middle of the night as we recognize that a well-rested employee is a productive employee.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Upon joining S3, every employee is paired with a peer buddy who will help you to quickly come up to speed in understanding the technology we’re building, the tools we use and the business problems we’re trying to solve. We hire exceptional people and we recognize the importance of coaching others. We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, and job level. On our internal “Broadcast” video streaming website, you’ll find countless presentations by some of the brightest minds in computing discussing solutions to many of the exciting problems we’re solving in AWS today with new live-streaming videos added every week.

Inclusive Team Culture
We have a diverse team and drive towards an inclusive culture and work environment. Our team is intentional about attracting, developing, and retaining amazing talent from diverse backgrounds. Our team members are active in Amazon’s 10+ affinity groups, sometimes known as employee resource groups, which bring employees together across businesses and locations around the world. These range from groups such as the Black Employee Network (BEN), Amazon Women in Engineering (AWE) and Glamazon (our LGBTQ+ community).


We value humility, a strong work ethic, flexibility, collaboration, technical curiosity, and constant learning
2+ years of experience across multiple environments on complex distributed polyglot systems using the JVM, Go, Rust, Python, and/or C++
At least 3 projects that demonstrate prowess in designing, implementing, and operating large scale, high throughput, low latency distributed systems where you were the primary.
You have project experience up and down the stack from deep in the infrastructure up to the data, application, and client layers.
Experience with small teams that move fast — all members are expected to be able to achieve maximum results with minimal direction
You own the things that you build and can point to work experience that shows this.
When you see a need, you fill a need.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit US Disability Accommodations."	469	Washington
Testing Engineer	Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC)	Washington, DC	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 20 years. We are currently looking for a Testing Manager join our team.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Improve the overall software quality of Point of Sale (POS) and payments applications in use at CBP’s by implementing processes and technology that create a balance of high-quality testing and expedience. The implementation of automation and technology will be a core responsibility of this resource. Liaise among stakeholders and IT personnel in order to elicit, analyze, communicate and validate requirements so as to provide effective and resourceful business and technology solutions.

Key role in defining and implementing Testing and Quality Assurance (QA) processes and technology with a focus on automation. Ability to define, manage, and monitor Testing/QA processes while continually improving the overall software quality and turnaround time for changes. The implementation of Testing/QA for POS and Payment Processing applications requires a blend of core Testing/QA skills with an eye for customer experience effectiveness. Partner with the required Information Technology personnel for the development and maintenance of business-critical solutions within the assigned/aligned business units.


Lead and manage day-to-day Testing / QA activities for the Testing / QA team
Assist with the analysis, revision and quality enhancement of existing business processes
Partner with business to create new quality assurance business processes
Work closely with Business Analysts, Project Managers, Developers, and System Manager to achieve on-time delivery of IT projects, ensuring that each exceeds all quality standards
Establish Testing /QA objectives and define appropriate metrics to measure success
Define and implement quality standards, processes, and procedures
Develop test plans, scenarios, and scripts for the testing new and existing applications
Implement automated Testing / QA tools and technologies to increase the effectiveness of the QA process
Work with software team and vendor to insert Testing / QA milestones throughout the development lifecycle, including quality acceptance, stress, load, regression and/or integration testing
Facilitate / coordinate end-user / UAT testing
Define a process to track, resolve, and report software-related issues / defects and generate and publish metrics and key performance indicators for the IT team and business partners
Test applications against requirements, designs, and / or another applicable project documentation
Test deployment procedures against user and system documentation
Ensure quality control by conducting walkthroughs, reviewing checklists, auditing deliverables and evaluating project milestones against established objectives
Lead the development of requirements for analyzing & selecting Testing / QA tools, including manual and automated solutions
Ability and desire to mentor and share Testing / QA knowledge with IT team members and across the company


Work Experience:

10+ years IT / QA-related experience, at least 5 years managing and leading Testing / QA resources in a client facing environment in a FEDERAL DEPARTMENT/AGENCY
Experience in Software Release Management
Experience in multiple SDLC methodologies, including WaterFall, Iterative, and Agile
Knowledge of databases, system integration skills, C#/VB.Net MS SQL Server development experience in both Windows and Web environments, , and data reporting structures.
Experience in the following areas of focus: Mperium POS suite of products, Xpient, ERP packages (SAP, Oracle), mobile applications, and BI tools.
Working knowledge of testing toolsets and other automation applications (Quick Test Pro, Test Partner, Test Complete, SilkTest, Mercury TestDirector, Worksoft, etc.)
Prior experience with key development toolsets (e.g. Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server (TFS), and databases (MS SQL Server, Pervasive, Access).


Job Skills:

Hard Skills: Requirements include knowledge of databases, system integration skills, C#/VB.Net MS SQL Server development experience in both Windows and Web environments, SDLC, and data reporting structures. Experience in the following areas of focus a plus: ACI Postilion, AJB Software, Retalix POS suite of products, Xpient, ERP packages (SAP, Oracle), mobile applications, and BI tools.
Soft Skills: Excellent communication skills, analytical aptitude, business acumen, client focus, problem solving skills and technical initiative are required. A successful candidate should have excellent team-oriented interpersonal skills and work in a team environment. Competently understands customer requirements; easily troubleshoots and solves problems with minimal supervision and direction; capable of researching and making fact-based, data backed decisions; skilled at developing relationships outside of IT.


Education:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, management information systems or other related field or equivalent experience or certification.


Clearance Requirements: Active CBP Clearance


The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position. Cybermedia Technologies share a passion for delivering ethical service, innovation, and a commitment to results. Cybermedia Technologies is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying its workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).

Please note: Candidate(s) may be required to go through pre-employment screening."	469	Washington
Project Manager	Innovative Emergency Mgmt	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"Why Join IEM?
We are a woman owned company in Emergency Management that embraces teamwork, collaboration, flexible performance, actionable solutions and integrity/ethics. Our work touches everyone. We produce results that matter. Results that save lives – join us while we build a safe, secure and resilient world.
Our Culture:
IEMers believe in the greater good and it is our commitment to attract those who have excellent technical skills, creative minds and innovative ideas to keep propelling us forward.
Primary Location: Client Site(s) in Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD OR Crystal City, VA
Job Summary:
IEM is looking for a suitable candidate to support a potential Department of Defense customer as the Project Manager of a team providing Test and Evaluation (T&E) Information and Data Management System prototyping and demonstration support; this system is based on a configurable low-code cloud-based enterprise software solution combining project management, content (data and documents) management, workflow management, application integration, and business intelligence/data analytics capabilities in order to more efficiently plan and execute T&E projects, manage the T&E results data and reports, and track organizational performance metrics.
Responsibilities:
Provide management, direction, administration, quality management, and leadership of the execution of the prototype development and demonstration project leading to field deployment.
Act as the overall lead, manager, and administrator for the effort.
Direct efforts of cross-competency teams including Contractors at multiple locations and shall serve as the primary interface and POC with Government program authorities and representatives on technical and project issues.
Responsible for regularly briefing leadership on program status and milestones including leading technical demonstrations of prototype system during various phases of development.
Oversee and manage overall project execution schedule by developing procedures, planning and directing execution of the contractual, technical, multi-disciplinary engineering, programming, maintenance, and administrative support effort, and monitoring and reporting progress.
Manage acquisition and employment of project resources and control financial and administrative aspects of the project. Notifies the CORs, immediately, of any problems or issues
Requirements:
Possess a Master of Business and Management (MBM), a Master of Business Administration (MBA), or a master’s degree in a related technical discipline (e.g., Engineering, Computer Science, or Electronics). A Bachelor’s degree with additional years of experience is acceptable.
Possess a minimum of 5 years of Project Management experience managing complex projects in an IT engineering or big data environment.
Possess a minimum of 3 years of experience managing projects utilizing non-traditional program management methodologies (e.g., Agile) in a big data environment.
Possess knowledge of current Department of the Army, Army Test and Evaluation Command (ATEC) T&E process Life Cycle and all existing T&E information, data management and sharing systems.
Possess knowledge of Army’s digital transformation plan to accelerate and improve T&E and other data and information sharing by empowering a digital workforce with democratized access to data, collaboration tools, and advanced analytics.
Possess an active certification in one of the following:
Project Management Institute (PMI) Project Management Professional (PMP), PMI Program Management Professional (PgMP) certification, or equivalent program or project management certification.
Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FAC P/PM) Level 3.
Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) Level III Program Management certification
Hold an ACTIVE SECRET CLEARANCE or higher.
Knowledge of and/or experience with Cloud Hosted data/information sharing and analysis systems under Impact Levels 5 and 6 is a plus.
Benefits and more:
10 paid holidays
Vacation pay
Sick pay
401 (K) plan with matching
Company paid STD and LTD"	469	Washington
Cyber Workforce Developer	Jacobs	Washington, DC 20001 (Swampoodle area)	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
This position is CONTINGENT upon contract award. Our recruiting team will follow up with you on your application. Our hiring team will not start the interview evaluation process until award.

Skills and Tasks
The Cyber Workforce Developer and Manager/Technical Trainer III shall possess the following capabilities:

Develop cyberspace workforce plans, strategies and guidance to support cyberspace workforce manpower, personnel, training and education requirements and to address changes to cyberspace policy, doctrine, materiel, force structure, and education and training requirements.
Knowledge of computer networking concepts and protocols, and network security methodologies.
Knowledge of risk management processes (e.g., methods for assessing and mitigating risk).
Knowledge of national and international laws, regulations, policies, and ethics as they relate to cybersecurity.
Knowledge of cybersecurity principles.
Knowledge of cyber threats and vulnerabilities.
Job Duties

Design/integrate a cyber strategy that outlines the vision, mission, and goals that align with the organization’s strategic plan.
Coordinate with internal and external subject matter experts to ensure existing qualification standards reflect organizational functional requirements and meet industry standards.
Ensure cyber workforce management policies and processes comply with legal and organizational requirements regarding equal opportunity, diversity, and fair hiring/employment practices.
Establish and collect metrics to monitor and validate cyber workforce readiness including analysis of cyber workforce data to assess the status of positions identified, filled, and filled with qualified personnel.
Ability to develop career path opportunities.
Establish cyber career paths to allow career progression, deliberate development, and growth within and between cyber career fields.
Establish manpower, personnel, and qualification data element standards to support cyber workforce management and reporting requirements.
Establish, resource, implement, and assess cyber workforce management programs in accordance with organizational requirements.
Review/Assess cyber workforce effectiveness to adjust skill and/or qualification standards.
Skill in developing workforce and position qualification standards.
Knowledge of Workforce Framework, work roles, and associated tasks, knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Ability to develop policy, plans, and strategy in compliance with laws, regulations, policies, and standards in support of organizational cyber activities.
Ability to leverage best practices and lessons learned of external organizations and academic institutions dealing with cyber issues.
Develop policy, programs, and guidelines for implementation
Establish and maintain communication channels with stakeholders
Identify organizational policy stakeholders.
Provide policy guidance to cyber management, staff, and users.
Seek consensus on proposed policy changes from stakeholders.
Coordinate with organizational manpower stakeholders to ensure appropriate allocation and distribution of human capital assets.
Skill in using manpower and personnel IT systems.
Knowledge of current and emerging cyber technologies.
Knowledge of the organization’s core business/mission processes.
Knowledge of organizational training and education policies, processes, and procedures.
Ability to determine the validity of workforce trend data.
Here’s What You’ll Need:

Qualifications
Educational Requirement:

This position requires a Bachelor's degree in Training and Development, Workplace Education and Development or similar
Certification Requirements:

PMP Preferred
Preferred certification in the field of information security (e.g. Security+, CISSP).

Experience Requirements:

At least 5 years of relevant background in Adult Learning Development and related job experience
Experience presenting and facilitating training
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Process and detail-oriented
Must be a U.S. Citizen

Clearance Level Requirement:

Public Trust
Essential Functions
Work Environment
Work will be performed inside a large facility. An inside environment may be a cubicle (considerations: close quarters, low to moderate noise, bright or dim lighting).

Work assignments vary based on client requirements.

Work may include travel with the military to participate in exercises in austere conditions
Outside work may include various environmental conditions including hot, dusty, cold, icy and windy climates.

Physical Requirements
Sitting at desk. Phone use and PC or laptop. Filing required. May require lifting and carrying boxes of supplies or files up to 25 lbs. Extended periods of sitting while on PC/laptop or phone.

Equipment and Machines
General office equipment, which includes: telephone, fax machine, copier, PC/laptop, and other miscellaneous office equipment.

May require operating motor vehicles.

Attendance
Regular attendance in accordance with established work schedule is mandatory.

It is important to be able to work any shift/designated hours required.

You may be asked to continue performance in support of a war, contingency, or exercise

You may be asked to continue performance during inclement weather or other conditions when others are not permitted to work
Position may require night and weekend work and could include travel with the military to participate in operations/exercises located in areas with field conditions

Travel
Continental and Oversees travel may be required. It is important to maintain a current passport.

Other Essential Functions
Employment is contingent upon obtaining all required certifications within the timeframe specified in a waiver by the government (if applicable) and maintaining required certifications through the duration of the contract. Failure to obtain/maintain required certifications will result in disqualification for this position and could result in termination.
Candidate must exhibit a professional behavior that promotes teamwork, fosters cooperation, and enhances productivity in the workplace. Must be well organized with the ability to coordinate, prioritize and execute multiple tasks simultaneously in a high-pressure environment. Ability to communicate verbally and in writing to work effectively with a variety of government, military and contractor personnel at all levels.

Candidate must be able to interface effectively with individuals at all levels of the organization.
Grooming and dress usually business casual, but dependent on client’s standards. Must not pose a safety hazard to employees working in the same general area.
The position for which you are applying for requires a US government security clearance. This is to advise you, that should you be extended an offer, if you possess a dual citizenship (i.e., citizen of the US and another country), to be granted a clearance you will be required to relinquish your citizenship in the foreign country.
a dual citizenship (i.e., citizen of the US and another country), to be granted a clearance you will be required to relinquish your citizenship in the foreign country.
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), age, medical condition, marital or domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression and transgender status, mental disability or physical disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, citizenship, low-income status or any other status or characteristic protected by applicable law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Information Assurance / Cyber Security Specialist roles (Springfield, VA or St. Louis, MO)	CACI	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Job Description
Note: This position description is not an active opening but is representative of positions within CACI that are consistently available. Individuals who apply may also be considered for other positions at CACI.
Do you like working with high performing teams? Are you self-motivated and enjoy a challenge?
CACI IS THE WINNER!!! of long-term contract with the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) for Transport & Cybersecurity Services (TCS) contract. The functional capabilities are to provide the information technology (IT) infrastructure services required to deliver timely, relevant, and accurate GEOINT in support of national security. TCS will provide innovative design, engineering, procurement, implementation, operations, sustainment and disposal of transport and cybersecurity IT services on multiple networks and security domains, at multiple locations worldwide to support the NGA GEOINT mission.
What You’ll Get to Do:
CACI is hiring for Information Assurance/Security Specialists II & III to join our team. This role will perform vulnerability/risk analyses of computer systems and applications during all phases of the system development life cycle. This role with assist in Identifies, reports, and resolves security violations.
More About the Role:
Develops and implements information assurance/security standards and procedures.
Determines enterprise information assurance and security standards
Coordinates, develops, and evaluates security programs for an organization. Recommends information assurance/security solutions to support customers' requirements.
Supports customer at the highest levels in the development and implementation of doctrine and policies.
Applies know-how to government and commercial common user systems, as well as to dedicated special purpose systems requiring specialized security features and procedures.
Analyzes general information assurance-related technical problems and provides basic engineering and technical support in solving these problems.
Ensures that all information systems are functional and secure.
Submit request for export authorization to the customer for approval
Develops new concepts and processes.
Analyzes root causes and resolves issues.
Supports more junior level technicians and specialists in their activities. Can perform all tasks of lower level technicians or specialists.
Works individually, actively participates on integrated teams, and may also lead a task, project or team
Requires guidance and direction from more expert level technicians, specialists, and managers only when dealing with new, uncertain situations. Provides guidance to lower level technicians and specialists
You must obtain the required certification(s) DoD 8140.01 and 8570.01-M, Information Assurance (IA) Certification within six (6) months of your start date. The cost of the certification(s) will be covered by CACI. In the event that you do not obtain the required certification(s) within the 6-month timeframe, you will be asked to depart the program.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in a Technical Field
4 - 6+ years’ experience working in Information Assurance
Performs analysis, design, and development of security features for system architectures.
Analyzes and defines security requirements for computer systems which may include mainframes, workstations, and personal computers.
Designs, develops, engineers, and implements solutions that meet security requirements.
Provides integration and implementation of the computer system security solution.
Identifies, reports, and resolves security violations.
Provide assessment and authorization (A&A) services and maintain Security Plan Identifications (SPID) for transport and cybersecurity services.
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
 Master’s Degree
What We Can Offer You:
We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
CACI TCS Benefits & PTO Summary
BITS3
Job Location
US-Springfield-VA-ST LOUIS


CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities."	469	Washington
Maintenance Tech III	Foulger-Pratt	Alexandria, VA	None	"Job Details
Description
Foulger-Pratt Companies, a leading multi-industry firm, has an exciting opportunity for an experienced Maintenance Technician III to join our team in Alexandria, Virginia. Foulger-Pratt has a dedicated and professional culture defined by six Core Values that have enabled it to develop more than 15 million square feet of commercial office, multi-family residential and retail projects. Foulger-Pratt offers a uniquely integrated assembly of services that allows us to provide a streamlined, holistic approach to our partners, investors, and clients.

The Maintenance Technician III will be responsible for performing all necessary property maintenance to maintain and enhance the property as directed by the Maintenance Manager. Responsibilities include: Overseeing the apartment turnover schedule, provide general maintenance, drywall, painting, assist with grounds maintenance and inspections, after hour emergency calls, snow removal and responding to resident service requests. Ideal candidates will possess overall maintenance knowledge, exceptional organizational skills, and trouble-shooting abilities with skills in HVAC, carpentry, equipment, and tool usage.

Foulger-Pratt’s dedication to standards and their Core Values have earned them great respect in the industries of property management, construction, and development. Employees are offered an extensive benefits package, an exciting wellness program and potential for growth within the company. Amongst the benefit offerings are:

Five medical plans with HSA options
Three dental plans
Company paid Life and Disability.
401(k)/Roth
Flexible Spending Accounts
Pet Insurance
Commuter benefits
Tuition Reimbursement
And more!

Join a team of professionals that perform at a higher level by living the Foulger-Pratt mission and Core Values. Our values establish the standards by which we operate together as a company.

EOE
Qualifications
Skills
Required
Superb Customer Service
Advanced
Troubleshooting
Advanced
Teamwork
Advanced
Relationship Management
Advanced
HVAC
Advanced
MS Office
Intermediate
Communication - Verbal & Written
Advanced
Education
Required
High School or better in Liberal Studies.
Preferred
Technical/other training or better.
Experience
Required
3 years: Experience in multifamily industry
2 years: Verifiable proficiency in general maintenance
Licenses & Certifications
Required
Type III CFC"	469	Washington
Cyber Compliance Project Manager, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Arlington, VA	None	"Key Role:
Serve as a Task Lead responsible for the creation of a cybersecurity Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) program for a DoD organization. Design, develop, and implement the program to measure cyber GRC metrics, determine readiness for audits and inspections based on DoD policies and NIST standards, identify risks, and provide automated remediation plans. Work to improve communications and enhance the organization’s security posture through risk assessment preparation. Perform blind, non-punitive readiness assessments for organizational units to provide a preparatory remediation plan for upcoming inspections. Measure the effectiveness of GRC programs and provide leadership with an unfiltered view of the organization’s security posture measuring the balance between its objectives and risk profile. Recommend strategic enhancements and structural improvements for a large cybersecurity program.
Basic Qualifications:
10+ years of experience in a professional work environment
Experience with cybersecurity governance, risk, and compliance programs, including rapidly adjusting to evolving client requirements
Ability to use writing and presentation expertise to communicate with officials at the officer and SES-levels
Ability to communicate effectively and professionally in a fast-paced client-environment
Top Secret clearance
BA or BS degree in IT, Information Systems, or Cybersecurity
8140 or 8570 IAM III Certification
Additional Qualifications:
Experience with briefing senior government officials at the General Officer and SES-levels
Knowledge of DoD 8500 series, NIST SP 800 series, DoD regulations and instructions, including DoDI 8140-01, DoDI 8530.01, CJCSI 6510.01, and the Risk Management Framework (RMF)
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Top Secret clearance is required.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1"	469	Washington
Configuration Manager III	Endepth Solutions	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Position Summary:
This role will work in a small team to stand up configuration management (CM) of developmental and operational systems. This includes hands-on tasking related to CM, installing and using CM tools, and maintaining the CM environment for hardware and software. Also, with the team, this role will help define a detailed level of processes that include, for example, creating product build scripts. This role will help ensure processes are followed. This role will assist with developing or modifying CM plans, policies, and procedures tailored to the complexity and scope of the developmental or operational system and it will manage, maintain, and develop the CM environment. A successful candidate will be able to work independently.

Requirements:

Eight (8) year's experience as a CM in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.
Bachelor's degree in a technical or business discipline from an accredited college or university is required.
Four (4) years of additional configuration management experience may be substituted for a bachelor's degree.
A Master's degree may be substituted for two (2) years of experience.
Must have completed and remain current on all Cyberspace Workforce Improvement Program (CWIP) certification requirements. Level I required at start and must obtain Level III within 6 months after start.
Experience using configuration management tools to store, track, and manage configuration items
Implement hardware and software version control processes, policies and procedures
Maintain the CM environment for hardware and software product build, staging, testing and integration
Develop hardware and software version control processes, policies and procedures and ensure that they are followed on hardware and software development projects
Must hold a current and active TS/SCI with Polygraph

Desired Skills:

Atlassian (Jira, Confluence, Bamboo, etc.)
JIRA workflows
CM Process development
Documentation

Company Description:
Founded in 2010, EnDepth Solutions sets the standard for Cyber Security services and innovation within the DoD and Intelligence Community. EnDepth's core competencies are Security Engineering, Certification & Accreditation, and System Security Testing.

Our professional staff bring high-level technology skills and industry knowledge and work closely with clients to design and implement a security solution closely tied to enterprise objectives. EnDepth Solutions is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) with numerous prime and sub contracts with customers in the Intelligence Community.

Benefits Summary:
We are proud to offer our employees a selection of high-quality benefits, including:


Competitive Salaries
Health Insurance – a choice of Gold level plans from United Healthcare
Employer-funded Health Savings Account (HSA)
Dental, Vision & Life Insurance
Short-term and Long Term Disability plans – 100% Employer paid
Safe-Harbor 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
10 Holidays and competitive Paid Time Off (PTO) and Comp Time
Professional Development and Educational Reimbursement
Employee Referral Bonus
Company Sponsored Events

EnDepth Solutions is committed to a diverse workforce, as such, we will make all hiring decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. Due to security clearance requirements, U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions."	469	Washington
Mail Management Analyst III- DHS	CGI Group, Inc.	Washington, DC 20022	None	"Mail Management Analyst III- DHS


Position Description

CGI Federal is seeking a Management Analyst III to support DHS in Washington DC.

Your future duties and responsibilities

The Management Analyst III position within the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Mail Management Program Office (MMPO) will perform the following tasks:


Participates in special studies with team members to aid managers as well as assists in developing and evaluating policies in assigned program areas. Works with the Senior Management Analyst and management to gather reporting requirements, translate requirements into high quality automated reports, dashboards, and analyses using various technologies, including advanced Excel, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Visio, SharePoint and/or other analytical tools;


Provides services in support of ICE Official Mail Accounting System (OMAS) processes/transactions. (OMAS is the system by which ICE pays the U.S. Postal Service [USPS] for postage related expenditures.) Technical support for this requirement includes reviewing OMAS data for tracking purposes, providing recommendations for program effectiveness, maintaining spreadsheets of OMAS data, and drafting OMAS related reports. (One OMAS report is the monthly USPS OMAS report.) The Management Analyst III shall become familiar with the OMAS system within 30 days of starting work at ICE;


Provides support for mail management reports, metrics, and scorecards. The Management Analyst III shall apply best in-kind techniques/practices and work within the DHS/ICE organizational and business structures;


Assists the Senior Management Analyst in providing administrative/management services in support of current initiatives to include postal inspections/compliance activity to improve the ICE Mail Management Program work effort, and provides services in support of DHS Mail Management Program mandates and to assist in meeting DHS requirements;


Provides services to support the collection of mail performance measures, mail volume data, and expenditure data for all ICE mail operations (approximately 400 locations). The Management Analyst III shall provide services to support the maintenance of location data, and compliance efforts;


Collects and maintains data from monthly Express Service provider reports on mail/shipping volumes, performance and costs (including fees); identifies problems/concerns and monitors ICE program office inquiries; develops extensive profiles of ICE incoming/outgoing mail/shipments, and recommends process changes to the Senior Management Analyst and ICE Mail Manager, as well as effectively communicates as necessary to program offices, and personnel; profiles ICE mail stops and monitors the number and effectiveness of them, and makes recommendations to open/close mail stops;


Assists the Senior Management Analyst in designing and interpreting data for analytical deliverables (e.g., statistical analyses, reports, dashboards, etc.) using advanced Excel, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Visio, SharePoint and/or other analytical tools to identify patterns and correlations among various data points;


Assists the Senior Management Analyst in querying relevant data from databases, manipulate large structured and unstructured data sets to build insightful solutions to complex problems, and present the results in visually engaging and intuitive reports and dashboards that can be easily understood, and actionable;


Assists the Senior Management Analyst in the development of ICE Mail Management Instructions and manuals reflecting current GSA/DHS policy and standards for the ICE Mail Manager to review. Additionally, regularly reviews and updates, as necessary, these Instructions and manuals;


Documents business and technical reporting methodology, best practices and related rules for generating reports to ensure results are accurate. Utilizes knowledge of administrative regulations and operating procedures, and possesses skill applying fact-finding techniques to gather clear-cut factual evidence of administrative waste and abuse, or compliance with regulations;


Administrative and interpersonal skills are required to organize and coordinate systematic, professional efforts to meet difficult planning needs and unanticipated requirements, and provide written and/or oral reports with conclusions, alternatives, and/or recommendations on policies, projects, or studies;


Works with limited guidance, manages conflicting priorities, plans, organizes and works as a team and/or task force across organizational lines, including the ability to monitor progress to ensure that realistic objectives and milestones are achieved, to accept assigned responsibilities, and get mission requirements accomplished in a timely manner;


Effectively communicates, both orally and in writing, and an ability to grasp conceptual ideas and exercise original thought where there is an established time limit for deliberation, consultation and evaluation, and to present well-considered and sound recommendations/suggestions; and


Assists the Senior Management Analyst and/or the ICE Mail Manager, as necessary.


Additionally, the Management Analyst III position is responsible for serving as a back-up to the Management Analyst II and will perform the following tasks, when necessary:


Reviews the ICE Mail Management group mailbox and responds in a timely manner, as necessary, to all daily Stamps.com account requests from ICE field locations. Specifically, answers all types of account requests (i.e. postage funding requests, adding a user requests, deleting a user requests and resetting a user's password requests).

Required qualifications to be successful in this role

experience/practical ability with Microsoft Excel, Access, Visio, and SharePointcritical thinkergood with taking broad or abstract ideas and creating concrete results, recommendations, or analysesgood customer service skills (dealing with hundreds or ICE field locations)good with being adaptable to a rapidly changing environment (special projects with short suspenses)
Must have a BA/BS degreeMust be able to work from 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday.Must be able to obtain an ICE Suitability Clearance before entering on duty to perform work at ICE locations.Must be able to communicate effectively orally and in writing using the English language and ability to read, interpret, and apply Federal policy, directives, and regulations.

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change-supporting our clients' digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.


At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com .

No unsolicited agency referrals please."	469	Washington
Network Administrator III (Shift-1B)	CACI	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Job Description
Do you like working with a high performing Network Engineering Teams? Are you self-motivated Network Administrator and enjoy a challenge?
CACI IS THE WINNER!!! of long-term contract with the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) for Transport & Cybersecurity Services (TCS) contract. The functional capabilities are to provide the information technology (IT) infrastructure services required to deliver timely, relevant, and accurate support of national security. TCS will provide innovative design, engineering, procurement, implementation, operations, sustainment and disposal of transport and cybersecurity IT services on multiple networks and security domains, at multiple locations worldwide to support the NGA mission.
What You’ll Get to Do:
CACI is looking for a Network Administrator II to provide support for implementation, troubleshooting and maintenance of IT networks. This position will provide support for IT networks including day-to-day operations, monitoring and problem resolution for all the network architecture and devices. (SPRINGFIELD, VA work site)
More about your role:
Provide Tier 2 and Tier 3 problem identification, diagnosis and resolution of problem
Provide support for the escalation and communication of status to agency management and internal customers
Provide support for the dispatch system and hardware problems and remains involved in the resolution process
Isolate and resolve of hardware and software problems involving the applications, the operating system, the hardware, the communications infrastructure, or any combination thereof
Troubleshoot, maintain integrity and configure network components along with implementing operating systems enhancements to improve reliability and performance
Integrate new technologies into new and existing systems including the transition and migration of corporate systems.
Supports hardware infrastructure site surveys, planning, and design.
Provide transition planning and support services that accelerate delivery timelines, reduce operational risk and ensure service continuity during transition.
 Provide transition planning and support for the migration of existing services between environments (migration to Cloud environments), migration of users from existing service platforms to new service offerings and transition of services into operations
Provides guidance to lower level technicians and specialists
Works individually and actively participates on integrated teams
Understands and applies more advanced concepts and processes to daily activities.
Assists more senior level technicians, specialists, and managers in their activities. Can perform all tasks of lower level technicians or specialists
Provide O&S of LAN/WAN services on an expanded 24x7-service support level on-site and expanded 12x5 service support level during core hours and on-call support with two-hour response time during non-core hours
Provide manhole maintenance and repairs services of outside plan cabling on a standard 8x5 service support level for communications
Plans, builds, and installs cable patch panels and cable infrastructures.
Installs and terminates all types of standard IT cable and fiber.
Manage IT network infrastructure and any processes related to these systems
Makes recommendations on hardware, cabling, and equipment requirements.
Provides installation management to include creating list of materials, bills of materials, estimating installation project timelines, determining installation team requirements, successfully executing installation projects, and documenting project status.
Provides equipment rack installation and equipment installations within a variety of locations that includes, but is not limited to, data centers, equipment rooms, communications closets, operations centers, and user workspaces.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications
Active TS/SCI clearance (must obtain a CI poly within 6 months of start date)
Bachelor’s Degree in a Technical Field an 5+ years’ experience working as a Network Administrator
Security + Cert
DoD 8140.01 and 8570.01-M, IAT II required (or ability to obtain within 6 months)
Be able agreeable to WORK Shift 1B - this is a shift position; Tues-Sat. Hours will be 0600-1400
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
 Master’s Degree
What We Can Offer You:
We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
BITS3
TCS2
Job Location
US-Springfield-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN


CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities."	469	Washington
Resource Analyst III	ASET Partners	Herndon, VA	None	"In a world where there is seemingly an infinite number of Government Services firms, we strive to not just be ""a"" place to work, but to be ""the"" place to work! Here at ASET Partners we are looking for a highly skilled, exceptionally motivated Resource Analyst to bring onto our team to work alongside with and help support an Intelligence Agency in Chantilly, Virginia.

Responsibilities:

Demonstrate an understanding of relevant statutes, regulations, and policies in resource utilization and in the budget development and execution processes
Evaluate whether program execution is proceeding within available resource constraints and is remaining consistent with goals
Recognize the relevance of analytic results, including historical trends and significant findings in constructing budget submissions and assessing budget execution
Contribute to documentation, briefings, and discussions that represent, explain, and justify program directions and resource requirements
Support the annual budget build by developing the Program Budget Submission and the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB)
Coordinate cross-agency activities with resource managers and policy counterparts to ensure agency-wide integration
Review highly complex and/or sensitive Agency initiatives and draw conclusions about required funding levels
Conduct business expense audits
Process audit adjustment accountings
Serve as a team lead or first-line supervisor

Qualifications:

Active Full Scope Poly
A bachelor's degree in finance or related field
Master's degree in quantitative analysis, financial analysis, social sciences, or related field
At least 3 years of experience in project/program management, quantitative analysis, financial analysis, or structured approaches to analysis to include data manipulation

ASET Snapshot:

We are a growing IT consulting and professional services firm that combines large-business experience with small-business efficiency and ingenuity
Founded in 2008
We are a HUBZone certified small business
Profitable from day one, zero debt
Offices in Alexandria, VA and Baltimore, MD
Over 75 employees and growing
Over 15 active contracts supporting 10+ Federal Agencies
Our mission is to drastically change our client's expectations... one program at a time

Top 10 Reasons Our Employees Love Working at ASET:
1. Outstanding benefits! Including: health, dental, and vision care, a 401k retirement plan with up to a 4% company paid contribution, and employee achievement and merit awards to name a few.

2. We have very high hiring standards, so their co-workers are just as smart and talented as they are.

3. We are not profit driven; we are results driven and believe that profits will follow.

4. Unlike Office Space, our employees do not have eight bosses. They have just one or two, and they are not micromanagers. It's not our style and we just don't have time for it!

5. We're different than the rest. Our employees love our unique small-company culture.

6. We have established a trusted relationship with all our clients and refuse to make recommendations that aren't in our clients' best interests.

7. They feel appreciated and recognized for the contributions they make each day.

8. We offer a healthy work-life balance, flexible schedules, and competitive pay.

9. They love that we have been constantly growing. It's exciting to add new folks and it offers many opportunities for career advancement and growth.

10. We work hard, and we play hard, too! We host quarterly company-wide lunches, regular happy hours and an annual New Year's party in January as a way of saying 'thank you' to our hard-working staff.

ASET Partners Corporation is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
IT Audit Team Lead / Manager	CEDENT	Washington, DC	None	"Title: IT Audit Team Lead / Manager Level@ Washington, DC
Terms of Hire: Full time.
Job description:
The IT Audit Team Lead assists with planning, executing and reporting audits of complex functionalities and output of various information technology systems, applications or platforms/operating systems, financial and statistical models, or risk management activities for compliance with corporate policies and procedures. Fully demonstrate generalized knowledge of the mortgage industry and Client’s business operations. Fully demonstrate specialized knowledge of the mortgage industry and Client’s business operations as it applies to models, risk management, or technology systems.
In this role you will have the flexibility to make each day your own, while working alongside people who care so that you can deliver on the following responsibilities:
Apply specialized technical knowledge and expertise to perform reviews relating to the full life cycle of models, information technology applications, or risk management/analysis used across the company.
Successfully perform all key job functions of the IT Auditor III role at a higher level of complexity, scope and autonomy. Assist with coordinating and administering assignments, monitoring audit team progress and managing budgets and schedules.
Serve as day-to-day project leader for audits ensuring projects are completed on-time and within scope and budget. Identify risks and assess potential impact of risks on the organization; use a risk-based approach to develop and adjust audit plans as appropriate and determine areas requiring additional analysis. Review and finalize staff work papers and deliverables with IT Audit Manager/Director. Review and finalize audit reports with IT Audit Manager/Director.
Track results of prior audits and facilitate appropriate corrective action. Continually strengthen and improve the governance, risk and control environment of the organization acting as a key driver of change within Internal Audit and across the organization.
Provide day-to-day project management oversight of other IT Auditors (including project guidance and informal coaching). Conduct first level review of work and documentation; leverage IT Audit Manager/Director guidance as needed. Communicate project team and audit objectives; inspire and motivate team members to achieve results.
Build and maintain relationships with business partners at the manager and staff levels. Provide advice and share Internal Audit knowledge with business partner managers and staff to strengthen governance, risk and control environments, as appropriate.
Qualifications::
Education Level (Required): Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent
Education Level (Preferred): MS and/or MB
Areas of Study (Preferred): Accounting, Finance, Economics, Business Administration, Information Systems, Math, or related
Certifications (Required): One or more of the following: CISA, CIA, CISSP, CPA
Experience:
5+ years of relevant experience
Working knowledge of technology infrastructure, e.g. Network, Operating Systems (Unix, Windows), Databases, Middleware, Web Applications
General understanding of information security practice, industry frameworks, and regulatory requirements related to Cybersecurity and/or Cloud implementation
Exposure to cyber and cloud technologies
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Critical thinking and data analytic skills
You Will Enjoy:
An opportunity to be a part of a great culture, an awesome team, a challenging work environment, and some fun along the way!
Apply today to learn more and be part of our Growth story.
All applications will be kept strictly confidential and once shortlisted, our team will be in touch with you for further discussions."	469	Washington
Supervisor, QC Testing	Emergent Biosolutions	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"Those who join Emergent BioSolutions feel a sense of ownership about their future. You will excel in an environment characterized by respect, innovation and growth opportunities. Here, you will join passionate professionals who advance their scientific, technical and professional skills to develop products designed-to protect life.
I: JOB SUMMARY
The QC Supervisor, position supports the Quality Control group at Emergent BioSolutions Rockville Campus. The QC Supervisor is responsible for reviewing and scheduling activities in support of the Microbiology, Environmental Monitoring, Analytical (including testing and method transfer), Critical Utility testing programs, Manufacturing Support Testing, and supporting quality initiatives. Individuals will manage teams of 4-7 analysts. An individual in this role will serve as a QC trainer and a coach for their team. Analyst’s performance review, goal planning and compensation planning will be the responsibility of an individual in this role.

II: ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Assist the QC Manager with feasibility assessment of client projects
Reviews/Approves microbiological / analytical work per SOPs, and applicable protocols
Informs supervisor/manager upon observing OOS, OOL, or generation of deviations
Leads/Assists with complex investigations by obtaining root cause and implementing changes
Writes, reviews, revises, and approves SOP’s and Testing Standards as necessary
Trains QC analyst
Reviews, analyzes, interprets, reports, and approves data
Applies Environmental/Analytical knowledge to support change and risk management
Support department compliance and productivity goals
Track time Individual and Team time worked per project and holiday
Identify and implement continuous improvement opportunities to reduce non-value-added work or complexity.
May require work on weekends and nights, travel, or work with 3rd party vendor
Detailed oriented – Able to complete required tasks and associated documentation with minimal error.
Adaptability – Maintain positive attitude in a changing work environment
Communication – Effectively communicates with all levels of manufacturing and support staff.


R equires vaccination against different viruses including Vaccinia virus.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature of work performed by those in this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all duties, and other duties may be assigned.

III: MINIMUM EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, SKILLS

Education:
BS in Microbiology/Biology/Chemistry or related field

Experience:
5+ years (MS with 3+ years) in the Pharmaceutical or Biotechnology with emphasis in aseptic processing, QC microbiology, environmental monitoring, water system, quality control, validation, and manufacturing processes.
Proven track record of achievement and sustained performance in a cGMP/GLP environment.
Strong technical and communication skills: oral/written and listening. Personal Competencies: Self – awareness, Integrity, Team Player, Creative and Flexible

Skills:
Knowledge of MS Word, Excel, LIMS and PowerPoint.
There are physical/mental demands and work environment characteristics that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. This information is available upon request from the candidate.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform all essential functions.

Emergent BioSolutions is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and values the diversity of our workforce. Emergent does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), gender identity or gender expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military service or veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state or local law.

Information submitted will be used by Emergent BioSolutions for activities related to your prospective employment. Emergent BioSolutions respects your privacy and any use of the information submitted will be subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy .

Emergent BioSolutions does not accept non-solicited resumes or candidate submittals from search/recruiting agencies not already on Emergent BioSolutions’ approved agency list. Unsolicited resumes or candidate information submitted to Emergent BioSolutions by search/recruiting agencies not already on Emergent BioSolutions’ approved agency list shall become the property of Emergent BioSolutions and if the candidate is subsequently hired by Emergent BioSolutions, Emergent BioSolutions shall not owe any fee to the submitting agency."	469	Washington
Integrated Logistics Support Analyst, Sr. (7760)	Patricio Enterprises, Inc	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"LOCATION: Ft Belvoir, VA
STATUS: Contingent, Actively Interviewing
TRAVEL: Up to 50%
CLEARANCE: Secret
BENEFITS: 401K, Life/Health/ Dental/Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off, and Tuition Reimbursement.
DESCRIPTION: Patricio Enterprises (PE) is seeking an Integrated Logistics Support Logistics Analyst – Senior to support the Product Manager Installation Information Infrastructure Modernization Program (I3MP). PdM I3MP modernizes and delivers global network infrastructure, technologies, and capabilities worldwide in direct support to the Army, Joint Warfighters, and other mission and coalition partners, enabling strategic information sharing, enterprise services, and command and control while transforming the network into a centralized, more secure, operationalized, and sustainable enterprise.
Primary duties will include (but not limited to):
Identifies all actions and required information related to the requirements, development, and execution of the Life Cycle Logistics processes, as well as material fielding support to projects and products.
Plans, integrates, coordinates, analyzes and evaluates Integrated Logistics Support (ILS) in relation to the acquisition.
Coordinates ILS and/or input to evaluation plans and reports and develops ILS requirements.
Assists in the development of cost estimates, cost evaluations, programmatic evaluations, risks management planning, development of program management requirements, and work statements.
Oversees program reviews evaluating cost, schedule and performance of industry partner execution.
Reviews and evaluates the inherent logistics requirements supportability of assigned systems providing comments on requirement documents, test reports, and other key acquisition documents.
Utilizes logistics models to evaluate system suitability.
Coordinates integration efforts with other contracting personnel and operations to assure efforts are coordinated and to identify and resolve problems.
Manages all warehouse and logistics processes to include shipping, receiving, storing and issuing of materials according to Army and program policies and procedures.
Develops material fielding plans and documents IAW with U.S. Army policies and procedures.
Coordinates and synchronize program objectives and execution plans with required staff agencies within the DoD, Department of the Army (DA), and designated Army Commands.
Updates PM on all logistics issues and support long-range program planning for assigned projects and the preparation of program briefings for higher headquarters.
Augments the program at various implementation meetings in person or via telecom/ VTC such as weekly and quarterly status reviews and Systems Engineering reviews.
Records and compiles meeting minutes and action items for record and development of trip reports.
Maintains automated file system and databases for the team.
Develops and updates reoccurring reports including WeekSum, SITREPs, Memorandum for Records, Staff Notes, and contracting support documents.
Serves as technical advisor on logistics within organization, ILS and acquisition communities.
Analyzes information from multiple sources to compile a complete, holistic solution within areas of expertise; and easily communicate those recommendations and issues to high-level commanders/executives to influence decisions that support the organization's overall strategic plan.
KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS:
Have an understanding and experience with large, complex IT projects and organizations.
Proficiency in MS Word, Excel, Outlook, MS Project, and Power Point required.
Must be able to work independently.
Must be detail oriented.
Must be able to work on multiple projects at one time.
EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE:
Secret clearance.
Master’s degree or equivalent.
Minimum of Ten (10) years relevant experience.
Level III Life Cycle Logistics DAWIA Certification or Civilian equivalent.
MS Project certification required.
Experience supporting all products during the development, production and sustainment phases of the life cycle.
Experience providing services sufficient to perform the full range of integrated logistics support (ILS) functions and tasks to those defined and described in AR 700-127 (Integrated Logistics Support), DA PAM 700-127 (Integrated Logistics Support Managers Guide), AR 700-142 (Type Classification, Materiel Release, Fielding and Transfer), DA PAM 700-142 (Instructions for Materiel Release, Fielding and Transfer), AR 70-47 (Engineering for Transportability), AR 350-1 (Army Training and Leader Development), AR 70-1 (Army Acquisition Policy), DA PAM 70-1 (Instructions for Army Acquisition Policy), AR 750-1 (Army Materiel Maintenance Policy), AR 750-10 (Army Modification Program), DA PAM 700-56 (Logistics Supportability Planning and Procedures in Army Acquisition), AR 700-138 (Army Logistics Readiness and Sustainability), and the OSD Supportability Guide (Designing and Assessing Supportability in DoD Weapon Systems: A Guide to Increased Reliability and Reduced Logistics Footprint) in support of any and all PdM managed programs during all stages of the Army acquisition life cycle.
Experience providing services sufficient to assess, comment, document and resolve ILS issues pertaining to, but not limited to, ILS documentation, Manpower/Personnel Integration (MANPRINT), technical manuals, training, training materials, materiel fielding, total package fielding, New Equipment Training (NET), provisioning, configuration audits, and technical data packages (TDPs) for PdM systems, major assemblies, subassemblies, and replenishment parts.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. This is sedentary work which requires the following physical activities: reaching, sifting, lifting, finger dexterity, grasping, feeling, repetitive motions, talking, hearing and visual acuity. Occasionally lifts to 20 lbs.
Employee must be able to see and hear, read and write. Requires adaptability, analyzing, assessing, calculating, decision making, dependability, good judgment, reading, memorizing, social skills, speaking, stress control and writing. Ability to understand, remember, and apply oral and/or written instructions or other information; Ability to apply common sense in performing job. Ability to complete routine forms, use existing form letters and/or conduct routine oral communication. Ability to make decisions which have significant impact on the immediate work unit.
TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS: Up to 50%.
EOE. Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Patricio Enterprises Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"	469	Washington
Task Order Program Manager - Africa (Pending Award)	Global Linguist Solutions	Chantilly, VA	None	"Location: Africa AOR OCONUS
Purpose of the Position: The Task Order Project Manager serves as the in-country point of contact. Provides leadership and
direction to linguists, staff and subcontractors. Plans, executes and finalizes projects
according to strict deadlines and budgets. Defines the project’s objectives and oversees quality
control throughout its life cycle.


Principal Position Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of the Task Order execution and manages the hands-on, day-to-day execution of OCONUS Task Order-related operational activities.
Responsible for meeting all technical, financial, and contractual requirements of the TO.
Responsible for TO PMO operations and resourcing of all Task Order requirements, including linguist staffing, GFE accountability, and Quick Reaction Capability (QRC) tasking responses.
Ensure that management processes and business systems facilitate meeting performance requirements.
Responsible for meeting all technical, financial, and contractual requirements of the TO
Ensures that management
Primary Point-of-Contact
Provide guidance for staff planning and contract modifications.
Plan, schedule and track project timelines, milestones and deliverables.
Manage changes in project scope, identify potential risks, and devise contingency plans.
Evaluate effectiveness of daily actions and systems, troubleshoot any potential and/or existing problems; work with appropriate staff to implement solutions.
Assist in providing strategic direction and mobilize support to ensure the GLS INSCOM mission is accomplished.
Provide leadership in strategic and operational planning, business and program development, and facilities management.

Education Required:
Bachelor’s degree in Business related field.


Experience Required:
Strong management and leadership experience; 15 years of management experience, including 10 years of supervisory experience.
Or, 20 year military career (intelligence field preferred), plus PMP Certification or DAWIA Level III certification as PM
Previous contracting experience Linguist Contracts and/or government contracting is desired, but not required.

Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA):
In-depth knowledge of the functions and operations of major U.S. Military Commands.
Excellent communication skills to effectively interface with senior military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Complete understanding of operations of assigned contract.
Attention to details and able to handle multiple tasks independently.
Strong leadership and interpersonal skills.
Advanced knowledge of various computer applications (ex: Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc.).
Extensive knowledge of Department of Defense, United States government structure and agency procedures and policies.

Security Clearance: Top Secret-SCI (TS/SCI)
Physical Requirements/Working Environment: Subject to work long hours.
FLSA Designation: OVS

Disclaimer:
The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

GLS is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
XJ6"	469	Washington
Sr. Global Product Lead, Oncology R&D	AstraZeneca	Gaithersburg, MD 20878	None	"Sr. Global Product Lead, Oncology R&D
Location: Gaithersburg, MD USA
Background:
At AstraZeneca, we work together across global boundaries to make an impact and find answers to challenges. We do this with the utmost integrity even in the most difficult situations because we are committed to doing the right thing. We continuously forge partnerships that help pursue world-class medicines in new ways, combining our people’s exceptional skills with those of people from all over the globe.
We are committed to advancing the science of oncology to deliver life-changing medicines to patients most in need. With a combination-focused pipeline that exploits the power of six scientific platforms (Immuno-Oncology, Tumor Drivers and Resistance, DNA Damage Response, Antibody-drug Conjugates, Cell Therapy and Epigenetics) to help address unmet clinical needs in a host of cancers, we are motivated by a dedication to the scientific discovery and collaboration that will one day help eliminate cancer as a cause of death. We currently have nearly 100 Phase 1, 2, 3 and Lifecycle Management Oncology projects in our robust pipeline. We deliver the Research & Development for Oncology through our newly created Oncology R&D Unit. This unit has responsibility for the value chain from discovery through to late-stage development, enabling rapid acceleration of promising early-stage assets and life-cycle management programs.
Overview:
The Sr. Director/Global Product Lead (GPL) will have overall leadership and accountability of multiple global cross functional early global product teams across diverse biological mechanisms from candidate selection through Phase III investment decision across 3 of the major platforms (IO, ADC, Cell Therapy). This individual will be accountable for the strategic leadership and execution for the product candidates (essentially the ‘CEO’ of the asset). The successful candidate will have oncology clinical drug development experience, demonstrated leadership, and be able to critically evaluate the science, clinical data and competitive landscape that underlies these programs. The
candidate should be able to effectively communicate across a broad range of audiences and have an ability to clearly
articulate project specific strategies as it relates to the overall oncology strategy.
Major Duties and Responsibilities:
Leads global product teams from preclinical candidate selection through proof of concept leading to Phase III
Investment decisions. If appropriate, GPLs may have the opportunity to continue to lead assets through late development/ registration.
Single point of accountability for the strategy, budget, timeline and execution of a portfolio of pre-clinical and clinical stage therapeutic candidates.
Create integrated product development plans which are aligned with business objectives and are differentiated from competitor products.
Leads and communicates the project development strategy at governance meetings to secure funding and endorsement of the strategy.
Leads the global project team to effectively manage/mitigate/communicate risk. Responsible for monitoring emerging data and pivot when deemed necessary.
Responsible for maintaining a high degree of team effectiveness through collaboration, influence, and, as necessary, coaching and mentoring of cross-functional team members.
Maintains relationships with external investigators to ensure projects are consistent with evolving clinical
Qualifications:
Education:
Graduate degree such as a PhD or an MD/PhD is required
Required Experience:
Demonstrated success developing IO agents.
Industry experience in drug development including experience in early phase non-clinical and/or clinical drug development and regulatory knowledge.
Strong knowledge and understanding of the Oncology therapeutic area with experience in diverse biological
Broad understanding of the evolving clinical landscape in oncology.
Demonstrated experience leading and motivating teams in a highly matrixed environment.
Proven record of cultivating and managing internal and external cross-functional collaborations.
Demonstrated success in influencing colleagues and senior leaders in various departments.
Must demonstrate high integrity.
Desired Skills:
Experience in the development of biologics is highly desirable.
ADC and/or IO (T cell engagers, oncolytic viruses, immune redirecting agents, etc) development experience is highly desirable.
Due diligence experience as GPLs often are required to participate in companywide initiatives.
Next Steps – Apply today!
To be considered for this exciting opportunity, please complete the full application on our website at your earliest convenience – it is the only way that our Recruiter and Hiring Manager can know that you feel well qualified for this opportunity. If you know someone who would be a great fit, please share this posting with them.
AstraZeneca is an equal opportunity employer. AstraZeneca will consider all qualified applicants for employment without discrimination on grounds of disability, sex or sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity leave status, race or national or ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, gender identity or re-assignment, marital or civil partnership status, protected veteran status (if applicable) or any other characteristic protected by law. AstraZeneca only employs individuals with the right to work in the country/ies where the role is advertised."	469	Washington
Human Resources Specialist (Classification and Compensation Analyst); Grade 25	Montgomery County Government	Rockville, MD	$66,164 - $109,761 a year	"Effective June 20, 2021, there will be a 1.5% general wage adjustment
Montgomery County Government, Office of Human Resources is seeking a full-time Human Resources Specialist III (Classification and Compensation Analyst) to perform complex classification and compensation research and analysis and provide advanced consulting and analytical expertise to departmental administrators that ensure the design, implementation and administration of classification and compensation programs support business strategies. This role is required to develop and maintain effective partnerships within the County departments to fully understand business needs.
Major duties include but are not limited to:
Conducting analysis of position descriptions to determine correct classification, Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) , and allocation of positions in compliance with federal, state, and EEOC requirements and collective bargaining agreements;
Reviewing large job classification studies by collecting and analyzing data and report findings for assigned projects (such as classification, salary, and differential pay);
Tracking and reviewing trends to update best practices, policies and/or procedures;
Reviewing and interpreting policies in consultation with departments and project teams; leading implementation of classification initiatives
Ensuring compliance with contract guidelines, laws and County policies and procedures in all aspects of responsibilities;
Assisting in providing training to staff;
Assisting and acting in a confidential capacity to the Director of Human Resources and administrative staff who formulate, and effectuate management policies during collective bargaining, retrieving and organizing strategic information in response to union proposals during collective bargaining.
Managing the County salary survey development, distribution, and analysis; completing external salary survey requests; analyzing and comparing salary data from a variety of agency and institutional sources; and making appropriate recommendations.
Reviewing compensation data to evaluate the relative impact on salaries of the performance management program and classification and compensation methodology.
Conducting and analyzing individual job audits and/or group classification surveys.
Preparing position descriptions, audit or survey reports, position evaluations, and recommending classification actions.
Consulting with managers, supervisors, and employees on a variety of organizational management, compensation, and related human resources issues including performance initiatives.
Maintaining the job classification databases and position management system ensuring all updates, additions, and revisions are properly reflected.
Providing recommendations to Division Chief concerning the development of policies, procedures, and improvements to compensation processes.
Researching, identifying, and recommending which classifications, occupational groupings, departments, divisions or sections are to be studied.
Identifying benchmarks and converting raw data into comparable metrics as needed to accurately compare jobs for the purpose of establishing a commonality for comparison.
When applying for this position, your application must include:
Your resume or curriculum vitae
A work sample that illustrates the type of analyses and/or evaluations you have conducted using Excel Pivot Tables, PowerBI or tableau as a quantitative analytical tool
A non-proprietary presentation sample that includes your results and recommendations made based on a job classification, compensation, policy, regulation or other related area study that you completed.
Please save these into one PDF or MS Word document to be uploaded, as the system only allows for one document to be uploaded; your document may contain several pages. If your attachment is larger than 2MB, please email your attachment to Karen.Hochberg@montgomerycountymd.gov with the subject ""HR Specialist III; Class & Compensation"" - <First Name, Last Name>. Email attachment must be received by the Closing Date of the ad.


When completing the online application for this position, candidates will be asked the following questions:
What attracted you to this role?
What type of analyses and/or evaluations have you conducted using quantitative analytical tools such as Excel Pivot Table, Power BI or tableau?
What type of presentations have you created as a result of conducting studies such as job classifications, compensation, policies, regulations or other related areas?
Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to OHR@montgomerycountymd.gov . Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience : Considerable (3 years) applicable progressively responsible professional work experience in classification and compensation.
Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Business or Public Administration or a related field.
Equivalency : An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted.
Preferred Criteria
There are no preferred criteria/assessment questions for this position. Candidates meeting the minimum qualifications will be placed on the eligible list with a rating of qualified. Selection for interviews will be based on responses to the questions referenced above and included in the application, the work samples provided and experience in the following areas:
Experience performing complex classification and compensation research and analysis;
Experience identifying benchmarks and converting raw data into comparable metrics;
Collecting, analyzing data and creating comprehensive reports and presentations of findings and recommendations; and
Conducting and analyzing individual job audits and/or group classification surveys.
Minimum Salary 66164 Maximum Salary 109761 Currency USD"	469	Washington
Senior Systems Security Engineer- SCCM	Steampunk	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	None	"Overview:

Steampunk is looking for a Senior Network Engineer to support one of our federal customers. They will support a dynamic team that provides engineering services across a variety of platforms and technology. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, who is interested in learning the latest technology and has a proven ability to learn quickly and apply training to solve real world engineering problems.
Contributions:
Design and implement engineering projects as directed by the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) such as, but not limited to:
Resilient transport solutions for critical, geographically dispersed enterprise network and systems
TCP/IP (v4 and v6)
MPLS
Virtual switching and routing
VoIP
IPSec and SSL VPN
Provide level of effort estimates to project managers as requested in order to develop project schedules
Design, build and implement with customer standard build guidelines, harden and work with Information Assurance to remediate findings after IT Security scans
Install networking gear in racks and connect to infrastructure
Develop Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), “As Is” documentation, Installation Instructions and any other required O&M transition documentation as required
Work with Infrastructure Engineering team members to meet requirements and deadlines
Provide technical advice and develop solutions as required by customer
Provide Tier II and Tier III end-user rollout and troubleshooting support as directed
Qualifications:

Minimum Education
Master's Degree or 15 years performing network engineering
Required Skills/Experience
Must have a Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) certification
Experience with Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) (e.g., GRE tunneling) such as Juniper Security Appliance (SA)
Experience with enterprise wireless solutions such as Cisco WLC & Cisco Prime
Experience with Voice over IP (VoIP)
Experience with implementing multiprotocol label switching (MPLS) and enterprise routing/switching design
Experience with designing, deploying and managing IEEE 802.1X network authentication
Experience managing MS Threat Management Gateway (TMG)
Experience with deploying a Virtual Switching Architecture to support secure multi-tenant design within DMZ based virtual enclave
Experience with the design and implementation of Data Center Class transport infrastructures
Experience developing SOPs
Preferred Skills
Excellent communications (written and verbal) and problem-solving skills
Ability to maintain workload in a fast paced environment with rapidly changing priorities
Data\center Storage Networking
Network Virtualization
Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) certification
About steampunk:

Strategic Enterprise Solutions, Inc. (SE Solutions), is a small business serving federal agencies that protect our nation’s security and defend our fellow citizens’ safety. We bring homeland security experience, organizational agility, and multidisciplinary expertise to help our clients respond to a rapidly changing threat landscape, accomplish today’s mission, and anticipate tomorrow’s demands. For more information, visithttp://www.sesolutions.com.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. SE Solutions participates in the E-Verify program."	469	Washington
Desktop Engineer (ISD Engineer II/III)	Navy Federal Credit Union	Vienna, VA 22180	None	"YOUR LIFE'S MISSION: POSSIBLE

You have goals, dreams, hobbies and things you’re passionate about.
What’s Important to You Is Important to Us
We’re looking for people who not only want to do meaningful, challenging work, keep their skills sharp and move ahead, but who also take time for the things that matter to them—friends, family and passions. And we're looking for team members who are passionate about our mission—making a difference in military members' and their families' lives. Together, we can make it happen.
Don’t take our word for it.
FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®
Computerworld® Best Places to Work in IT
FORTUNE® Best Workplaces for Millennials
Forbes® America’s Best Employers
IND123

Basic Purpose

To create, test, and publish software application packages intended for automated distribution throughout the enterprise desktop environment. To provide engineering and technical support for projects. Develop and maintain working knowledge of evolving desktop software packaging technologies, concepts, and trends.

Basic Responsibilities

Perform engineering tasks and project assignments in support of business needsPerform engineering technology research, procurement, deployment, and configuration for new and modified systemsPresent clear, organized and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effective business decisionsWork on projects of varied scopeDevelop and maintain internal engineering documentationOn-call rotation on a 10 week cycleAdhere to internal process and detailed procedures to support engineering functionsParticipate in small project and ad hoc tasksTier III support responsibilities for 17,000+ customers and 23,000+ desktop end-pointsPresent clear, organized and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effectivebusiness decisionsPerform other duties as assigned

Required Qualifications:

Knowledge with concepts and technologies for application software packaging and distributionStrong desktop administration and troubleshooting skillsWillingness to learn new system functions and concepts related to desktop software packagingStrong PowerShell Scripting skills to resolve specific desktop problemsGeneral understanding of how SCCM functions and apply sound troubleshooting techniquesEffective communication and documentation skills in order to write technical and end-user documentationEffective organizational, planning and time management skillsEffective research, analytical, and problem solving skillsEffective skill exercising initiative and using good judgment to make sound decisionsEffective ability to exercise initiative, produce desired results, and achieve objectivesProven skillset in troubleshooting and resolving desktop software application defectsCapable of working on multiple projects and adapting to frequent changing requirements, priorities, and procedures

Desired Qualifications:

Can provide technical guidance in software engineering techniques and automated support tools.Strong understanding and working experience with Windows desktop platforms, Win7/Win10Strong knowledge of packaging tools such as Flexara AdminStudio. Install Shield and Microsoft App-V Sequencer, App-LayeringStrong knowledge of System System Configuration Manager 2012Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Information Technology or the equivalent combination of training and work experience

Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 4:30pm

Locations:
820 Follin Lane, Vienna, VA 22180
5550 Heritage Oaks Drive, Pensacola, FL 32526
141 Security Drive, Winchester, VA 22602

Saraly range: - $74,100 - $139,400

*Due to COVID-19 and social distancing, this position will be temporarily working from home with plans to return to campus at the desired location listed once Navy Federal is back to normal operations. The specific logistics for returning to campus will be determined at a future date by individual leadership*

Equal Employment Opportunity

Navy Federal values, celebrates, and enacts diversity in the workplace. Navy Federal takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans. EOE/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability

Disclaimer

Navy Federal reserves the right to fill this role at a higher/lower grade level based on business need. An assessment may be required to compete for this position.

Bank Secrecy Act

Remains cognizant of and adheres to Navy Federal policies and procedures, and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act."	469	Washington
Program Manager - IT - Expert (1636)	Compass, Inc.	Springfield, VA	None	"Position Title: Program Manager - IT - Expert (1636)
Location: Springfield, VA
Clearance Required: Top Secret/SCI
Overall Assignment Description: Serve as an advisor to a Government-led team that:


Enables coordination across traditional & non-traditional collectors (commercial, unclassified sensing, mission partners).
Enables rapid evolution of advanced analytic algorithms, tools and tradecraft through concept development, prototypes, exercises and operational demonstrations.
Evolves a service centric model that enables discoverable services, and data that can be flexibly delivered to mobile platforms at all classification levels.
Evolves IT strategies, concepts, standards, architectures and engineering roadmaps that reduce risk, inform policy and steer acquisition to help meet Agency's long terms goal for the integrated intelligence environment.
Enables strategy alignment and draw on national-level experts to perform independent technical and program assessments in support of strategic objectives and major acquisition milestones.
Provides acquisition strategy program management services to senior management.
Maintains the enterprise architecture baseline and plans the approach to achieving new future architectures

Duties may include:

Influence the GEOINT strategy by enabling the coordination across traditional and non-traditional collectors, including commercial and unclassified sensing, and coordinating activities in a layered architecture approach across mission partners.
Recommend approaches to advance analytic algorithms, tools, and tradecraft via concept development, prototypes, pilots and operational demonstrations.
Guide the engineering path to the future Agency architecture.
Define novel approaches to advancing an IT service-centric model that enables discoverable content, services and easy data delivery across multiple classification domains.
Support strategy development, standards and engineering roadmaps that aide in risk reduction, inform policy and guide acquisition to meet Agency's long-term strategic goals.
Leverage unique knowledge, innovation and trusted Intelligence Community relationships to advise about technical strategies, architectures and future directions.
Advise about new prototype and pathfinder approaches.
Guide transition methods to emergent capabilities.
Define approaches to improve IT efficiency, effectiveness and resilience in supporting the GEOINT mission.
Recommend enhancements to Agency's analytic tradecraft in integrating new sources of information and exquisite capabilities into its operational environment.
Recommend approaches to accelerate Agency's shift towards commercial capabilities, open source data, persistent GEOINT, big data analytics, CLOUD and integrated intelligence.
Recommend novel collection strategies that fully leverages available sources to enable persistence and advance processing and analytic capabilities for Agency.
Assist Agency with forming tighter collaborative relationships with mission partners to align collection and achieve integrated mission intelligence.
Provide technical, financial, schedule and risk management expertise and assistance to the project, program or Program Management Office (PMO).
Recommend approaches to maintaining the existing architecture baseline and approaches to evolve to new future architectures.

Skills and Experience:Required:

Master's Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or a related field such as Physics, Aerospace, or Remote Sensing.
15 years demonstrated specialized experience in Information technology.
Project Management Professional (PMP), DAWIA Level III certification in Program Management or equivalent specialized experience with Project Management tools and techniques.

Desired:

Demonstrated specialized experience in any of the following: traditional and non-traditional collectors including commercial and unclassified sensing.
Demonstrated specialized experience supporting NSG sensor independent data, standards and algorithm integration.
Demonstrated specialized experience with GEOINT and MASINT or SAR processing and exploitation.
Demonstrated specialized experience with coordinating activities in a layered architecture approach across mission partners.
Demonstrated knowledge of Cloud infrastructure support.
Demonstrated specialized experience with enterprise architecture and/or solutions architecture.
Demonstrated specialized experience with proven and trusted Intelligence Community relationships.
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Certification.
Demonstrated specialized experience in any of the following: analytic algorithms and big data, tools, and tradecraft via concept development, prototypes, pilots and operational demonstrations.
Demonstrated specialized experience in any of the following: IT services and ITIL methodology.
Demonstrated specialized experience with developing and working systems roadmaps and project plans.
Demonstrated specialized experience in communication across all levels of the Agency and between Agencies.
Demonstrated specialized experience in Cost/ Price analysis, cost estimating or financial management.

provider to the United States Government. We provide Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance (SETA), Advisory and Assistance Services (A&AS), and Systems Engineering and Integration (SE&I) to our government and business partner customers. As a premier Defense and Intelligence solution provider, we employee a diverse, agile, highly trained and extremely talented staff.

Equal Opportunity Employer Veterans/Disabled"	469	Washington
Program Manager	NetCentrics Corporation	Bethesda, MD	None	"Title: Program Manager
Location: Greenbelt, MD
Clearance: Secret
Responsibilities:
Manage customer's new procurement for Agency-wide cybersecurity and privacy services contract. Anticipated services include:
Security Operations Center (SOC)
Assessment and Authorization (A&A)
Risk Management Framework (RMF)
Incident Response (IR) and Management Support
Cybersecurity architecture and engineering
Penetration testing
Vulnerability management
Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM)
Training and awareness
Cybersecurity infrastructure
Identity, Credential, and Access Management (ICAM)
Privacy services support
Serves as the contractor's single contract Program Manager that is authorized and responsible for the overall contract performance
Primarily interfaces with the Government service office manager, Contracting Officer (CO) and Contracting Officer's Representative (COR)
Responsible for the management of all employees, finances, contract/subcontracts, schedules, deliverables, performance, risks and quality, customer's satisfaction
Responsible for compliance with all contract and corporate policies and procedures
Requirements:
Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, Physical Science or other technically related discipline
Minimum 15 years work related experience providing service delivery in complex IT environments, including 10 years of supervisory and cybersecurity policies experience
Extensive experience managing large, complex programs that involve multiple lines of business with a variety of services, with performance requirements directly tied to metrics
Experience leading a diverse technical workforce across multiple geographically dispersed locations
Working knowledge of desktop applications including word processing, spreadsheet and database programs
Program/project/contract management experience in areas including: lifecycle project management (inception to deployment to sustainment), expertise in the management and control of funds and resources using reporting mechanisms, demonstrated capability in managing multi-task contracts and/or subcontracts of various types and complexity
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Active DOD Secret security clearance, Top Secret clearance preferred
Ability to travel to all Agency locations up to 25% as needed, with or without reasonable accommodation
Familiarity of cybersecurity concepts, architectures and frameworks (e.g. NIST Risk Management Framework or NIST Cybersecurity Framework)
Familiarity with PMI Project Management Body of Knowledge
Familiarity with ITIL or CMMI for Services or Quality Management Systems (e.g. ISO 9001)
Preferred Qualifications:
Certifications for ITIL or CMMI for Services or Quality Management Systems (e.g. ISO 9001)
Program Manager Certification (e.g., PMP or equivalent)
Experience leading enterprise-level contracts across multiple geographically dispersed locations
DOD 8570 IAT Level III or IAM Level II certification preferred
As a contingency to employment at NetCentrics, all candidates who are given offers must successfully pass a full background investigation including criminal history and references checks
This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status or on the basis of disability.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled"	469	Washington
Project Manager III	Peraton	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.

Qualifications

Requires BA/BS with 10 years of experience with at least 4 years of management level responsibility. Incumbent has specialized knowledge in at least one area of expertise and a general knowledge in 1-2 other areas.
TS/SCI w/Polygraph

Responsibilities

Responsible for the performance of relatively small technical projects or a definable portion of a larger technical program in accordance with contract requirements and company policies, procedures and guidelines. Directs and supervises all support resources for the performance of project assignments and activities. Manages the technical direction of a project through the design, implementation, and testing in accordance with project objectives. Also responsible for acquiring follow-on business associated with assigned projects and for supporting new business development by leading relatively small proposals or assisting with major proposals. Responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provides a single point of contact for those projects. Takes projects from original concept through final implementation. Interfaces with all areas affected by the project including end users, computer services, and client services. Defines project scope and objectives. Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Conducts project meetings and is responsible for project tracking and analysis. Ensures adherence to quality standards and reviews project deliverables. Manages the integration of vendor tasks and tracks and reviews vendor deliverables. Provides technical and analytical guidance to project team. Recommends and takes action to direct the analysis and solutions of problems. May assist in the management of a business unit or department or is at an entry level in management of such under the close supervision of the Division or Program Director. Manages one or more programs. May supervise professional and technical personnel performing in their regular disciplines. May participate in the development and execution of budgets, sales and marketing plans and other strategic tools. Participates in driving initiatives for achieving established objectives. May serve as the primary or assistant technical and management interface for the company, customer, and senior staff. Provides management services including general administrative oversight, time accounting. financial tracking, cost projection, inventory management, personnel evaluation and support. Responsible for the preparation of and accountability for all contract deliverables. Responsible for assisting in the technical leadership and direction to a multidisciplinary staff. Develop and operate a variety of technical systems related to the specific job function. Specify systems requirements and insure that completed systems meet requirements. Support data acquisition process control. Prepares and approves Standard Operating Procedures, Protocols and other technical documentation. Able to supervise, manage, support and evaluate personnel."	469	Washington
Sr. Management Analyst - Acquisition Program Management	Advanced Concepts and Technologies International,...	Chantilly, VA	None	"Introduction::

Job Title: Management Analyst - Program Manager SME
Job Location: Chantilly, VA - Position will move to Ashburn, VA
Security Clearance: CBP Suitability
ACT I, a Great Place to Work®-certified company, is a government contractor focused on the employee experience and delivering excellence to our clients and customers. This team is where you can contribute to mission-driven programs anchored by purpose and pursue personal and professional development. ACT I has been providing solutions for high profile defense programs such as the F-35 since 1998, and offers competitive salaries and very comprehensive benefits packages. #ACTIinAction

Overview / Job Responsibilities::

The Ideal candidate will:
Provide high level program management support to any of the Tactical Air Land Maritime Enterprise Communications, CBP Components, and/or customer programs;
 Actively provide the Government with consistent and integrated program management functions.
Support the Government in gathering requirements and planning meetings
Along with providing cost estimation and spend plans (includes Independent Government Cost Estimates (IGCE) and Bill of Materials (BoM))
Work diligently with the Government by effectively identifying, and managing existing and future risks.
Support the Government in working with the Financial and Acquisition function of WSPD and Office of Finance (OF) to develop an budget and acquisition strategies
Be steadfast in providing the Government with oversight of deployment activities of the projects
Define/maintain the overall program master plan and be responsible for individual work streams, in addition to tracking milestones and deliverables for each work stream jointly with vendors
Implement reporting framework and standards
Thoroughly identify and coordinate critical path changes across relevant projects
Track expenditures against budget
Manage risks and issues management and escalation when implementation schedule, performance or cost are affected
Administer a standard process for requesting and approving changes in project scope and system functionality
Provide input to acquisition teams to revise contracts

Minimum Qualifications::

The model candidate will have:
Expertise in Microsoft Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and MS Project)
Experience providing internal/external consulting services to management and technical staff in managing IT investments and solving complex IT program management issues in accordance with federal laws, regulations and procedures.
Practical knowledge of and experience with supporting program management office operations regarding the management, planning, implementation, and all phases of the capital planning process.
Knowledge of process improvement and re-engineering methodologies and principles as applied to process modernization projects.
Proven experience in activity and data modeling, developing modern business methods, identifying best practices, and creating and assessing performance measurements.
Knowledge of SDLC, Capital Planning (CPIC), Earned Value Management (EVM), JIRA and the federal IT budget process.
Proven ability to review and analyze cost, schedule, and performance requirements for federal IT investments.
Ten (10) or more years of experience
US Citizenship
Completed a Bachelor's Degree
A PMI Level III
Additional Information::

ACT I, a Great Place to Work®-certified company, is a government contractor focused on the employee experience and delivering excellence to our clients and customers. This team is where you can contribute to mission-driven programs anchored by purpose and pursue personal and professional development. ACT I has been providing solutions for high profile defense programs such as the F-35 since 1998, and offers competitive salaries and very comprehensive benefits packages. #ACTIinAction
For any additional questions or to submit any referrals, please contact cpearson@act-i.com
ACT I is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment. ACT I does not and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, disability status or any other basis protected by law.
The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job."	469	Washington
Program Manager	CACI	Reston, VA 20190 (Sunset Hills area)	None	"Job Description
CACI is looking for an experienced TS/SCI cleared Program manager located in Reston, VA, in support to a large program supporting locations Worldwide.
The PM provides leadership, management and oversight for the program workforce to deliver exceptional services across the MPE consolidated enterprise, as well as their associated staff elements and organizations to accomplish the following:
Implementation of new task orders to accomplish the mission
Lead and manage the consolidation of several disparate large projects including, but not limited to, BICES-X, MPE-S, MPE CCMD, APAN, CENTRIXS
Continuous improvement and innovation to drive efficiencies and effectiveness
Represent CACI and the MPE Consolidation program at the MPCO and SAF/AA level
The candidate will serve as a senior CACI representative and be the direct interface to the customer, responsible for establishing a strong working relationship and managing service delivery performance through service level agreements and other key performance metrics. Responsible for the program budget, performance and delivery of exceptional customer services and user experience.
More About the Role
Experience in planning, directing, and managing complex IT projects/operations of a nature similar in size and scope, to include globally dispersed geographic locations
Knowledge and experience in infrastructure design and engineering;
Up-to-date knowledge of current and emerging network and infrastructure technologies
Knowledge and experience in securing critical infrastructures;
Knowledge and experience in operating and maintaining critical infrastructures
Demonstrated written and oral communication skills, including experience in presenting material to senior Government officials. PMP Certified or equivalent
You’ll Bring These Qualification:
A minimum of 10 years of experience in Department of Defense.
At least five years’ experience as a Program Manager managing an IT enterprise with a value over $100M per year or $500M in total contract value over the PoP.
Experience with the management and supervision of a significant number of staff (500+ FTE) of various labor categories and skills in projects similar in size and scope.
Demonstrated experience supporting at least one combatant command mission
Bachelor’s Degree in information technology or comparable discipline
Security clearance of TS/SCI eligibility
These Qualifications Would Be Nice to Have
At least five years’ experience as a Program Manager managing an IT enterprise with a value over $200M per year or $1B in total contract value over the PoP.
A minimum of six years of experience managing complex programs and leading geographically dispersed operations and engineering staff of varying skill levels.
Master’s degree in engineering, computer science, or another related technical field.
ITIL Certified (current) or equivalent.
Certified Program Management Professional (PMP) or equivalent certification.
DAWIA level III certification or equivalent
What We Can Offer You:
We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location
US-Reston-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN


CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities."	469	Washington
Bulgarian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Bulgarian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Sr. Systems Engineer	IT Veterans	Springfield, VA	None	"Sr. Systems Engineer
Springfield, VA

Job Summary:

IT Veterans is seeking an experienced and highly motivated Senior Systems Engineer to join our team. This Senior Systems Engineers execute engineering tasks, taking a multi-discipline approach to full lifecycle engineering including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the NSG, ASG and Federal Agencies to ensure timely and accurate GEOINT. They provide a substantial portion, if not all of, the engineering support to the teams to which they are assigned. You must have an active TS/SCI clearance with ability to pass a CI Poly.

Responsibilities:
Work closely with current/legacy product managers and SMEs to fully understand and document modernization needs.
Review publications data and structure against conceptual data models and future database plans and perform data cleanup activities in accordance with established guidelines and direction.
Review and update publications text including structured and unstructured text
Utilizing Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Review and update FrameMaker files, including supporting documentation
Convert documents between FrameMaker versions
Upgrade documents to the latest FrameMaker version
Create final products in PDF format, ensuring quality control and adding value to the user experience
Designing Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
SGML and XML programming and coding.
Publish architectural and engineering drawings depicting modernization plans
Document CONOPS, SOPs and appropriate design solutions and ensure the compatibility of system components.
Perform the full lifecycle of engineering support including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability analysis, resiliency analysis, development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability analysis, and decommissioning.
Provide engineering support for requirements across the NSG and ASG.
Lead the planning, documenting, analysis, and traceability of user requirements and architectures.
Conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assist the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management, and interface design.
Support RFP development and generate engineering documentation for RFPs.
Provide proposal evaluation support as requested by the government.
Provide architectural support.
Identify industry and NGA standards and create IPF unique standards for open architecture, service centric architecture, service-oriented architecture, and cloud architecture for inclusion in IPF RFPs, existing contracts, and government development efforts.
Brief assigned activities as required.
Work cross project with other IPF projects to facilitate transition from concept to development to sustainment to decommissioning.
Work across NGA, NSG, and ASG partners to include but not limited to NGA/IPF, NGA/SF, NGA/R, NGA/TD, NGA/TA, DoD, FAA, and foreign partners, to provide engineering support to advance the Foundation GEOINT mission.
Support IPF leadership priorities and guidance


Required Qualifications:
TS/SCI clearance with ability to obtain a CI Poly.
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences. A degree in Systems Engineering, Project Management, or similar non-technical field does not satisfy this requirement.
12 - 18 years’ experience
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Adobe FrameMaker, XML programming, SGML programming, and Maritime Publications.
Senior-level demonstrated experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including DoD/IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or system engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture/Cloud environments.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with systems engineering lifecycle.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Geographic Information Systems


Desired Qualifications:
Master’s degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as, engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences or in project management or engineering management.
Certified as an INCOSE System Engineering Professional (CSEP) or DAWIA (level III) in IT or SPRDE or certified Scaled Agile Framework Agilist (SA) or Software Development Framework.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Foundation GEOINT data domains and mission areas.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with NGA Process and tools, to include System Engineering, Acquisition, Configuration Management, Readiness and Security.
Senior-level demonstrated Experience with software coding


At IT Veterans LLC, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We believe that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success."	469	Washington
Proposal Manager	Metaphase Consulting	Reston, VA	None	"Position Description:
MetaPhase Consulting (MPC) is a rapidly growing small business focused exclusively on Federal Government IT and Management Consulting. In addition to demand accelerating, we recently gained access to OASIS and anticipate additional large Government Contract vehicles (e.g. STARS III) that have positioned us to increase the number of proposals we'll submit each year.
We are looking for a super organized candidate that understands the Federal Proposal Process, is able to stay focused while balancing multiple priorities and take ownership of the proposal process from evaluation of opportunities through submission of proposals. Our vision is to be the best in the business at executing the proposal process to maximize efficiency and quality, and to limit the strain on our staff that disorganized proposals cause! The right person for our team wants to be a trailblazer in not only contributing to the process but defining it to have a direct impact on significant growth.
 Specific Duties:
This role will work with MPC's executive team and account manager to serve as the nerve center for proposal coordination. The Proposal Manager will review RFP requirements, conduct analysis on RFPs, manage proposal schedules, develop compliant proposal templates, and facilitate color team reviews through submission.
Below are the specific responsibilities we envision for this role:
Proposal Coordination
Review, parse, and analyze RFIs, RFPs, BAAs, and Task Order requirements to organize a compliant response
Work with all levels of MPC to develop and prepare high-quality, compliant and compelling proposals.
Develop and maintain proposal schedules, driving the proposal team in adherence to the schedule
Coordinate proposal phases, activities, and milestones - including, but not limited to the proposal kickoff meetings, teammate meetings, data calls, readiness assessments, brainstorming sessions, informal proposal reviews, wall walks, and collaborative writing sessions
Oversee development of high quality, high impact artwork and graphics for proposals
Lead proposal color reviews to include scheduling, organizing, facilitating, inviting, review preparation and conduct, and supporting comment summation, adjudication, and final inclusion. Ensure that capture team's strategy, themes, solution, and discriminators are reflected in the proposal
Develop proposal outlines, compliance matrices, proposal schedules, and provide direction to leadership and cross-functional teams assigned to work proposal efforts
Work collaboratively across the company; gain broad awareness of MPC capabilities, past performance, and discriminators and, where relevant, recommend insertion into proposals
Intellectual Capital / Knowledge Management
Develop and maintain all templates, tools, and SOPs for managing a proposal at MetaPhase. This includes proposal kickoff deck, proposal template, Color Team Review materials, Past Performance Templates, Resume Templates, reusable language (intro text), etc.
Maintain the intellectual capital of the firm - making it easily available for maximum use and efficiency
Lead proposal teams in post-submittal activities such as properly storing final materials, extracting reusable sections for future proposals, capturing and responding to lessons learned, etc.
Coordinate with MPC leadership and the social media/marketing team to create public-facing collateral targeted at key markets
Training
Train team members (or create/maintain training materials) on various elements of a proposal response including technical approach, management approach, Past Performance, Staffing/Resumes, Compliance, etc
Basic Qualifications (Required):
5 years of direct experience in federal proposal development as a technical writer, coordinator, or manager
The ability to conceptualize and create graphics with experience in graphic design software a major plus
Strong organizational, leadership, and facilitation skills
Bachelor's degree - preferably in a technical field, business, and/or in Project Management
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)
Proficiency in the G Suite
Additional Qualifications (Desired):
BD/Proposal Training, Association of Proposal Management Professionals (APMP) Foundation Certification, Shipley, and/or PMP Certifications
Experience in graphic design
Experience pursuing large Government Wide Acquisition Contracts (GWACS)"	469	Washington
Network/Systems Administrator III	ManTech International Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Network/Systems Administrator III to join our team at Bolling AFB.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Provide leadership, mentoring, and quality assurance for Team Members
Basic Qualifications
At least 5 years related experience
Bachelor’s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (4 years)
Must meet position and certification requirements outlined in DoD Directive 8570.01-M for Information Assurance Technician Level 3 within 6 months of the date of hire
Preferred Qualifications:
Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Windows 2008 R2/2012 R2 Server, Microsoft Exchange Server 2003/2010, Microsoft Windows 7/10 operating systems (OS) administration and associated hardware
Working knowledge of CISCO network and switching and virtualization technologies
Working knowledge of Local Area Network (LAN) and Wide Area Network (WAN) technologies and data backup technologies to include communication security (COMSEC) integration.
Working knowledge of Risk Management Framework, and Joint DODIIS/Cryptologic SCI Information Systems Security Standards, Common Criteria, and System Security Policy as they relate to C&A
Working knowledge and current relevant experience with PL1 & PL2 systems; experience with PL3 & PL4 cross domain solutions is a plus
Must be familiar with security policy/manuals and other guiding policy documents
Ability to work in a dynamic environment and effectively interact with numerous DOD, military/civilian personnel and industry partners
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel)
Possess a high degree of originality, creativity, initiative requiring minimal supervision
Requires travel within the organizational geographic Area of Responsibility (AOR) (note - could be extensive, and will include both air and ground transportation)
Security Clearance Requirements:
Current Top Secret Clearance with SCI Eligibility
Eligibility for access to Special Access Program Information
Willingness to submit to a Counterintelligence polygraph
Physical Requirements:
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine and computer printer.
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Diesel Mechanic	Waste Management	Upper Marlboro, MD 20774	None	"Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran
Waste Management (WM), a Fortune 250 company, is the leading provider of comprehensive waste and environmental services in North America. We are strongly committed to a foundation of operating excellence, professionalism and financial strength. WM serves nearly 25 million customers in residential, commercial, industrial and municipal markets throughout North America through a network of collection operations, transfer stations, landfills, recycling facilities and waste-based energy production projects.

Tired of just doing preventative maintenance or working only on engines? Are you ready to take the next step and work on equipment that requires a high level of skill - hydraulics, electrical, diagnostics - using modern maintenance practices and technologies? Are you looking for that right opportunity which will allow you to use and be rewarded for your skills and ability, and provide opportunity for growth? Our Mechanics are trained to provide superior maintenance on both diesel equipment and, at some locations, on our growing fleet of CNG trucks. We care about our Mechanic’s safety and show it by demanding solid safety practices of all our Mechanics and managers. Pride, safety, training, growth, opportunity, great benefits, rewards – check us out, we may be the company for you.

I. Job Summary
Under general supervision, performs preventive maintenance services and inspects, diagnoses and repairs vehicles and equipment.


II. Essential Duties and Responsibilities

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Other minor duties may be assigned.
Works under limited supervision and selects from written instructions and established procedures to accomplish assigned tasks.
Performs repairs and assigned preventive maintenance services.
Performs inspection, diagnosis and repair of electrical, hydraulic, suspension, brake and air systems on vehicles and equipment.
Utilizes vehicle computer electronics systems to interpret failure modes to initiate or assign repairs.
Estimates time and material costs on vehicle repairs and requisitions new parts.
Performs all work within Standard Repair Times (SRTs).
Performs service calls for emergency breakdowns.
Conducts safety checks on vehicles.
Completes required paperwork utilizing fleet maintenance software program associated with repairing vehicles, documenting parts usage, and accounting for repair times.
Assists senior Mechanics in the completion of project work.
Reviews, completes or assigns repairs identified on Driver Vehicle Inspection Reports.
Maintains a clean, safe work area in compliance with Corporate / OSHA Standards, and performs all work in accordance with established safety procedures.
III. Supervisory Responsibilities
This job has no supervisory duties.

IV. Qualifications
The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job.

A. Education and Experience
Education: Not required.
Experience: Two (2) years of relevant work experience.
B. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Other Requirements
Valid driver’s license and must have a clean driving record.
Must be at least 18 years of age.
If a CDL is a requirement for a specific posting, an applicant must be 21 years of age.
Legally eligible to work in the United States.
Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations.
Successfully complete and pass pre-employment drug screen and physical.
C. Other Knowledge, Skills or Abilities Required
None required.
V. Work Environment
Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.
Required to use motor coordination with finger dexterity (such as keyboarding, machine operation, etc.) most of the work day;
Required to exert physical effort in handling objects less than __ pounds most of the work day;
Required to be exposed to physical occupational risks (such as cuts, burns, exposure to toxic chemicals, etc.) often;
Required to be exposed to physical environment which involves dirt, odors, noise, weather extremes or similar elements often;
Normal setting for this job is: repair/maintenance shop.

Benefits
At Waste Management, each eligible employee receives a competitive total compensation package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Short Term Disability. As well as a Stock Purchase Plan, Company match on 401K, and more! Our employees also receive Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days. Please note that benefits may vary by site.

If this sounds like the opportunity that you have been looking for, please click ""Apply.”"	469	Washington
Khmer Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Khmer Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Program Integrator 3 – INTEL – TS/SCI with POLY REQUIRED	Serco North America	Columbia, MD 21046	None	"Position Description:

If you love high profile and challenging work supporting the US Government, Serco has a great opportunity for you! You will be on a critical team working with the customer at our Maryland location. Bring your business expertise and desire to learn new skills and make a difference with our government customer.
This position is contingent upon your ability to obtain/maintain/transfer a TS with Poly clearance.
This position is contingent upon customer requirements and/or their approval.
Serco supports the US Government customer on a long-term contract which supports the customer’s contract, financial and program management business efforts in support of national defense. Our team provides business support and expertise to include tracking program status, monitoring cost, schedule and contract performance. You will be part of a team that works closely with the customer to deliver business expertise with an emphasis on contracts, finance, and customer service. Our managers on this team are seasoned Serco personnel who are available and responsive to ensure your success!
In this role, you will:
The Program Integrator shall assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and PEO leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio.
Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative.
Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports.
Draft acquisition and program documents such as TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies.
Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.

Qualifications:

To be successful in this role, you will have:
Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph and U.S. citizenship are required.
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor’s degree with a business or technical focus is required.
In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted.
Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred.
In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted.
Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts.
If you are interested in supporting and working with our Maryland government customer and joining a passionate Serco team, then submit your application now for immediate consideration. It only takes a few minutes and could change your career!

Company Overview:

Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has over 9,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).
To review Serco benefits please visit: https://www.serco.com/na/careers/benefits-of-choosing-serco.
If you require an accommodation with the application process please email: careers@serco-na.com or call the HR Service Desk at 800-628-6458, option 1. Please note, due to EEOC/OFCCP compliance, Serco is unable to accept resumes by email.
Serco does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies without being a contracted approved vendor. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Serco and will not be obligated to pay a placement or contract fee. If you are interested in becoming an approved vendor at Serco, please email Agencies@serco-na.com."	469	Washington
Program Integrator III (TS/SCI with Poly)	CACI	Fort Meade, MD 20755	None	"Job Description
CACI is seeking a motivated leader for a Program Integrator III opportunity in the Fort Meade, Maryland area. You will use your professional experience in Program Integration to assist individual Program Managers, initiative leads, and PEO leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio. This specific role is looking for a Program Integrator who also has systems engineering and scheduling experience. You will use your twelve (12) years of experience to perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative. Qualified candidates will have a current TS/SCI with Poly, excellent communication skills (verbal and written) and will thrive at performing contract analysis. This position is ultimately responsible for the technical integrity of work performed and deliverables associated with the Program Integrator area of responsibility. This is a highly visible position with an excellent opportunity for professional growth!
What You'll Get to Do:
Utilize established NSA acquisition and financial management policies, procedures, regulations and tools.
Draft acquisition and program documents such as TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies.
Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Advise in the interpretation and tailoring of DOD/NSA acquisition regulations/memorandums, and ensure affordable, supportable and effective systems are delivered to the customer.
Assist program managers in developing program and acquisition documentation, creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide assistance in acquisition process improvement initiatives.
Provide oversight and compliance review of acquisition documentation at all levels of preparation.
Create reports to support program management function.
You'll bring these qualifications:
Current TS/SCI with active Poly.
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management.
Bachelor' s Degree with a business or technical focus is required.
In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen years may be substituted.
In lieu of certification, an additional three years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen years may be substituted.
Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts. MS Access proficiency is a plus.
What we can OFFER YOU:
We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location
US-Fort Meade-MD-BALTIMORE


CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities."	469	Washington
Ukrainian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Ukrainian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Information Systems Security Manager (JCAP Team)	Invictus International Consulting, LLC	Washington, DC 20032 (Anacostia area)	None	"Title: Information Systems Security Manager
Location: Reston, VA or Washington, DC
Clearance: TS/SCI with the ability to obtain and maintain a CI polygraph
Responsibilities:
Provide support for management and maintenance of JCAP Security Documentation to include JCAP program baseline that defines the backside enclave(s) to each JWICS node in terms of connectivity and security robustness
Report JWICS wide security capabilities and defensive posture
Identify and implement Continuous Monitoring Plan to support JCAP Program including initiating the automation of certain artifacts for risk determination and compliance verification into a drill-down and managed dashboard of JWICSs connections; to further automate the dashboard of JWICS access nodes, and what is connected will build more robust capability, which is part of the CONMON activity
Provide review and progress reports of all Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M)
Provide regional/associated sites and site-specific assessment support, coordinated with A&A and local ISSM staffs
Write issue or point papers on cybersecurity topics as necessary
Provide weekly metrics and reports of customer service activities
Conduct daily review of government provisioned ticketing system for required response to incidents, events, actions, and requirements. Provide management of assigned actions in accordance with agency prescribed timelines
Manage Media Control & Personal Electronic Devices (PED) Program oversight
Provide IA Exercise Support and as well as support for International Systems
Execute the system and site Risk Management Framework program in the region/AOR as outlined by CIO issuances
Provide day to day support for the NATO/CUSR Program
Conduct Risk Assessment for Sites within Region and provide Risk Assessment Reports (RAR) annually
Support the management of the Data Transfer Officer Program (DTO) user requirements (Enterprise/Regional Level)
Support the establishment of end to end IA processes and procedures across CIO to streamline AO/DAO approvals and to establish IT security standards for region in accordance with current DOD and IC policy guidance
Support the development and execution of a checklist for required system security controls validation in accordance with the system/site Continuous Monitoring Program (CMP)
Develop key metrics for continuous monitoring of IA Ops functions which support FISMA reporting and compliance
Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline preferred with 10+ yrs experience in the IA field; an additional 4 years' work experience is acceptable in lieu of a degree
Must have 5 years' experience in the Intelligence Community (IC) building or assessing accreditation packages for systems or sites; minimum of 2 years' experience with JWICS
Experience writing issue or point papers on cybersecurity topics
The ability to work with minimal supervision and manage small projects on an adhoc team
Experience briefing leadership on both cybersecurity technical and policy issues
Must possess current DoD 8570 IAM II or IAT III certification
Current active TS/SCI clearance, with the ability to obtain and maintain a CI polygraph"	469	Washington
Montenegrin Language Instructor	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Montenegrin Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Cybersecurity Manager- CISSP- Secret Clearance	Entegee	Washington, DC	$60 - $70 an hour	Cybersecurity ManagerWashington, DC6 Months Temp-to-HireSecret Clearance required- Must be eligible for TS clearanceCISSP requiredDetails: Looking for an on-site Cybersecurity Supervisor with excellent hands on experience in Cyber Security, Project Management, and supervising direct reports. Responsibilities include providing direct support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as managing the Team providing support providing support to the ISSM.Duties include: Provide support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as System ISSMs.Work directly with the Echelon II ISSM to identify strategic goals and objectivesLead the breakdown of the project goals into achievable objectivesWork with the Echelon II ISSM to effectively prioritize projects and tasking for direct reportsSupport and provide expert guidance on all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkMaintain the SSP Enterprise systems Assessment and Authorization (A&A) packages; topologies; ports, protocol, and services lists; contingency plans, disaster recovery procedures, incident response plans, and POA&Ms.Support the development and monitoring of cybersecurity policy and proceduresAnalyze and advise on issues, threats, and incident responses for enterprise and tactical systemsAssist in conducting internal audits of enterprise IT networks, systems, applications, and security tools to ensure they adhere to Navy, and DoD security policies and procedures (e.g., STIGs, CTOs, IAVMs, FRAGOs, NTDs, etc.) and applicable frameworks and regulations (e.g., NIST, FISMA, etc.)Review DoD, DON cyber security alerts, notices, IAVMs, etc., and conduct risk assessments and discuss mitigation strategies when needed.Provide technical guidance to the IAM/ISSM, CIO, Cybersecurity Workgroup (CSWG), Program Managers (PMs), Program Management Officers (PMOs), FBM Partners, etc. on cybersecurity matters and initiatives, including researching new technologies to counter evolving threats.Perform supervisory duties including, but not limited to, hiring, training, evaluating, counselling, and disciplining employees.Ensure personnel are properly qualified to perform duties effectively. Identify successors for all key positions. Sets technical and performance objectives with subordinates. Conduct performance appraisals. Ensure that all personnel are informed of and adhere to all pertinent company policies and procedures.Qualifications: Active Secret DoD Clearance AND Ability to obtain and maintain Top Secret DoD ClearanceCISSPBS Degree in Information Systems or similar8+ years of directly related experienceKnowledge and experience with assessing NIST 800-53 security controlsFamiliarity with NIST Special PublicationsKnowledge and understanding of security technologies including vulnerability scanning (ACAS), firewalls, HBSS and data protection/encryption systemsSolid analytical, planning, and organizational skills with the ability to multi-taskAbility to work with teams and independently on projectsExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to establish and maintain effective working relationships with partners and government officialsAbility to obtain and maintain Common Access Card (CAC) along with badge access to the customer’s facilityAbility to obtain and maintain a network account in good standing on the customer’s networkAbility to meet the requirements for an IAM III as specified in the DoD 8570 within 6 months of startRequirements: Experience managing direct reportsExperience with all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkExperience with information security configuration guides or DISA STIGsExperience developing policies, procedures, and technical training materialsExperience developing strategic goals and objectivesExperience managing projects of various size to include multi-team projectsExperience creating project charters, project plans, and project schedulesEqual Opportunity Employer/Veterans/DisabledTo read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visit https://www.entegee.com/candidate-privacy-information-statement/The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Cybersecurity: 8 years (Required)NIST standards: 5 years (Required)RMF: 5 years (Required)DISA STIGs: 5 years (Required)Cybersecurity Management: 2 years (Required)License/Certification:CISSP (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Contract Length:More than 1 yearFull Time Opportunity:YesWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	469	Washington
Retail Associate Manager 2	Wireless Vision	Alexandria, VA 22309	None	"Retail Associate Manager (RAM I, II, III)
T-Mobile Premium Retailer – Wireless Vision
Do you excel at driving sales results, team motivation, and impacting customer experience? Are you passionate about the latest technology trends? Then a Retail Associate Manager (RAM) role with Wireless Vision would be a perfect fit for you.
In this role, you will represent the T-Mobile brand while providing exceptional customer service and driving profitability. You will also inspire team members, manage store operations, and strive to meet individual and store performance goals. The RAM is a development role that is intended for those who aspire to become a Retail Store Manager (RSM)
Your Talents:
Primary point of contact for retail store in the absence of the RSM, including sales, operations and people processes.
Partner with the RSM to help recruit top talent, and coach and develop existing team members to build a high performing team.
Coach and inspire with integrity to guide sales team on best practices to attain monthly goals.
Active participation in the planning and execution of store meetings to prepare for launches and keep team members current on company changes.
Work with RSM to execute on the local store marketing initiatives to solicit new business.
Manage back-end processes and execution of customer facing initiatives to ensure store is always in T-Mobile and internal company audit compliance.
Ensure the maintenance of the store appearance and merchandising standards, including assisting with the planning of complete store merchandising planogram resets.
Assist with all functions within a retail store in compliance with Wireless Vision policies and procedures.
Responsible for daily and monthly inventory and cash management, as well as managing other key operational metrics.
May require additional tasks, duties or projects as assigned.
Your Experience:
High School Diploma or GED required.
1-2 years of management experience in retail or another environment with a strong customer focus.
Willingness and ability to relocate to any store within in their assigned market.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills required.
Strong organizational and problem-solving skills required.
Bilingual preferred in certain locations.
Must be able to stand for long periods of time (up to 9 hours) on the sales floor.
Must be able to move and/or lift 25 pounds.
What We’ll Offer:
Competitive paid time-off program
Student financial assistance
Medical, dental and vision benefits
401k match
Phone service discounts
Development and growth opportunities
Wireless Vision is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer, a Drug Free Workplace and engages in preventative practices suggested by CDC guidelines as it relates to COVID-19."	469	Washington
Latvian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Latvian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Estonian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Estonian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Icelandic Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Icelandic Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Finnish Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Finnish Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Macedonian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Macedonian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Mongolian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Mongolian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Lithuanian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Lithuanian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Lao Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Lao Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Malay Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Malay Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Kazakh Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Kazakh Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Georgian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Georgian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Albanian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Albanian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Senior Analyst	SAIC	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$105,001 - $115,000 a year	"Job ID: 214005
Location: WASHINGTON , DC , US
Date Posted: 2021-04-23
Category: Program Management
Subcategory: Project Analyst
Schedule: Full-time
Shift: Day Job
Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time
Minimum Clearance Required: Secret
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Top Secret
Potential for Remote Work: Yes
Description
Join SAIC’s OneSETA Team to provide our government customer with Systems Engineering & Technical Assistance (SETA) support. SETA services range from providing administrative assistance to providing expert technical assistance on national efforts that will contribute to maintaining and expanding the capabilities of homeland security.
The SETA III Project Analyst will provide SETA support to the DHS Science and Technology Directorate (S&T) Operations and Requirements Analysis (ORA) Division. Support includes strategic development, DHS Customer Portfolio management and oversight, stakeholder engagement and communications, reporting and data call management, property and records management support, and business operations and financial management support. These support functions include portfolio management tracking, and reporting; gap and requirements analysis; program and communication coordination; high-level technology research and technical feasibility assessments; program budget assessment; and scoping and monitoring of studies related to portfolio management, engineering, and technical services for current and proposed S&T programs. Assist with defining requirements; provide input to project scope, schedule and budget based on an understanding of the program lifecycle. Assist in maintaining changes to project baselines; monitor deliverables; assess documents, plans and applications; conduct quality reviews of projects and tasks. Prepare presentations and other materials to support project functions. Lead activities to identify project risks and assist in the development of mitigation plans.
The contractor will assist the assigned Portfolio Manager in:
Support the ORA Front Office in its collaborative efforts with other S&T Offices to communicate, track, and ensure program management best practices are followed as S&T continues to install and refine its revised business process flow. Support shall encompass drafting and distributing meeting notes, development and distribution of meeting agendas, drafting required documentation, and collection, organization and storage of program and office artifacts. Draft correspondence, reports, white papers, minutes, spreadsheets, communications products, briefs, and other documentation.
Assist in managing data-calls to include coordinating all inputs from ORA staff and collating all required data for review and submission. Assist in the review/clearance of inbound and outbound inquires, requests, and documents from component heads or other agencies; actions or assigned tasks that commit the directorate to actions or dedicate resources; read-ahead items that will be used by DHS leadership (i.e., DHS Secretary, S&T USST) for upcoming meetings or briefings with key stakeholders/or customers.
Document and provide implementation support for strategies to effectively support ORA’s integration with other key S&T stakeholders, private industry, national labs, university community, and other intergovernmental R&D organizations.
Working with Strategic Mission Directors (SMDs) on strategic priorities and alignment of portfolios to DHS strategic mission areas, coordinating capability gaps and prioritizations, maintaining capability maps, and coordinating engagements with component Senior Leadership.
Maintaining awareness of all component customer engagements and projects conducted by S&T to ensure a complete portfolio account. Developing strategies to support and close customer’s key capability gaps and increase mission impacts.
Maintaining contact with PM and providing customer with regular updates on status of project plan, transition strategy, transition and commercialization approach, and assessment of the solution (internal reviews). Coordinating with other Portfolio Managers to optimize use of resources. Conducting portfolio-level reviews to validate, verify and communicate status.
Leading/coordinating S&T Integrated Product Team (IPT) engagements with customers through identification and consolidation of mission gaps/needs, requirements decomposition, prioritization of requirements.
Reviewing/approving project resourcing justification narratives, and project budget proposals (in collaboration with PM). Communicating emergent technology requirements and working with PM Coordinator/Supervisor to assign PMs for each effort. Facilitating work agreements between the customer and PM.
Assist the ORA Portfolio Managers with the entry of capability gap, requirement, solution analysis, and project data into the ServiceNow Project Portfolio Management (PPM) system to facilitate informed decision-making and R&D execution throughout the S&T Business Process Flow (BPF).
Manage the ORA Requests Dashboard within ServiceNow. Support tracking and status reporting for information and analysis requests received via the S&T Office of Science and Engineering (OSE) Service Portal.

Qualifications
REQUIRED:
BA/BS +10 Years of relevant experience or Master’s +8 years of relevant experience, PhD or JD and 2 years or more experience.
Must be a US Citizen.
Must have at minimum, an active Secret clearance and the ability to obtain and maintain a TS clearance within 90 days of contract award.

DESIRED:
Experience in a Systems Engineering Technical Assistance (SETA) environment.
Prior DHS experience including any DHS components or HQ Directorates, especially DHS S&T.
Prior DHS contractor fitness (suitability) authorization determination.
Detailed knowledge of and recent demonstrated experience working with appropriate offices and staff within the Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE), DHS, DOD, other federal agencies especially in Research and Development, Congress, foreign partners, industry groups, and private sector stakeholder entities on issues relating to the DHS mission space.
Travel may be required.


Target salary range: $105,001 - $115,000. The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors.
SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all."	469	Washington
Thai Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Thai Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Language not listed / MISC Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
French Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
French Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Italian Language Instructor	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Italian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Italian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Italian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Senior Knowledge Engineer (Lead) with a TS/SCI	CALNET INC.	Washington, DC	None	"Founded in 1989, CALNET, Inc. is a privately held company in the Technology, Intelligence Analysis, and Language Services consulting arena. Headquartered in Reston, VA and with a branch office in San Diego, CALNET employees deliver true value to our customers by employing best practices, world class technologies industry expertise in every project. CALNET is an ISO 9001, ISO 20000, CMMI-Level III and ISO 27001:2013 certified.

We are currently searching for a talented, professional “Senior Knowledge Engineer (Lead)” working at the Pentagon, located in Arlington County, VA, across the Potomac River from Washington, DC. We are looking for a Senior Knowledge Engineer (Lead) candidate with extensive Information Technology (IT) services Department of Defense (DoD) background for the Joint Staff (JS) J6 supporting the Deputy Director, Chief Information Officer / Information Technology Services (DD CIO/ITS) to provide IT services across the Joint Staff. Senior Knowledge Engineer will assess Joint Staff Information Environment and provide recommendations; perform ongoing Portal and Collaborative Tool Development and Support; and provide ongoing user support. The candidate will be operating from the National Capital Region (70%), Hampton Roads (25%), and Norfolk/Suffolk (5%).

Responsibilities:
 Provides continuous assessment of Joint Staff Information Environments and recommends improvements using IT and collaborative tools to allow JS leaders to better leverage the JS knowledge and make timely, informed decisions.
 Develops smart, consolidated, and aligned IT solutions across Joint Staff for their SharePoint and Knowledge Management tools based in support of user requirements.
 Shall develop workflows to streamline Joint Staff business processes.
 Shall support the JS in development of a Knowledge Management strategy in which the JS will centralize data, standardize data elements, share database information, utilize common IT systems, and expose IT data/services for maximum information sharing.
 Shall provide support to transition to newer KM/collaborative tool platforms and, if required, support transition/moving data to Enterprise hosted sites.
 Provides user support (including on-call) to the NMCC/NJOIC and Joint Staff Crisis Management Team for real world events as well as exercises.
 Works collaboratively and communicates effectively with Project Manager(s) and COR on showing progress on all active projects.
 Will manage a team of other Knowledge Engineer(s) and at the Pentagon and also Norfolk, Suffolk, and Hampton Roads, VA. This position is anticipated to require a maximum of 30% travel to other remote sites such as Norfolk, Suffolk, and Hampton Roads, VA.

Required Skills:
§ Must have a Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer (MCSD): App Builder Certification or previous MCDS: SharePoint Applications Certifications.
§ Must have a minimum of five (5) years of similar task related experience in Knowledge/Application/Software Engineering (preferably in DoD environment).
Education:
§ MS degree in Engineering or Computer Science.

Clearance:
§ TS/SCI

This opportunity is at the Pentagon (Arlington County, VA). To be considered for this opportunity, please send a word copy of your resume to helena@calnet.com
CALNET, Inc. offers a competitive salary and a generous benefits package. This package includes medical, dental, vision, life, short and long term disability insurances, a 401(k)-retirement savings plan, and generous leave time.

CALNET, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. EEO/M/F/D/V"	469	Washington
Program Integrator III	DeNOVO Solutions	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"DeNOVO Solutions, LLC, a Minority Owned-Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (MO/SDVOSB) dedicated to providing the best technical and professional services to the federal Government. DeNOVO is a small, dynamic company with an outstanding benefits and compensation package, including 100% employer-paid health, dental and vision insurance; a generous PTO program; ten paid government holidays/year, 401K with 6% company matching, and more. This is a direct, full-time position. For more information or to see other positions please visit our website www.thedenovo.com/careers
Candidates MUST have an active TS SCI with Poly (FULLY CLEARED) to be considered
Program Integrator III
Job Description:
DeNOVO Solutions is seeking a motivated leader for a Program Integrator III opportunity in the Fort Meade, Maryland area. You will use your professional experience in Program Integration to assist individual Program Managers, initiative leads, and PEO leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio. You will use your twelve (12) years of experience to perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative. Qualified candidates will have a current TS/SCI with Poly, excellent communication skills (verbal and written) and will thrive at performing contract analysis. This position is ultimately responsible for the technical integrity of work performed and deliverables associated with the Program Integrator area of responsibility. This is a highly visible position with an excellent opportunity for professional growth!
In this role you'll be responsible for the following:
Utilize established NSA acquisition and financial management policies, procedures, regulations and tools.
Draft acquisition and program documents such as TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies.
Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Advise in the interpretation and tailoring of DOD/NSA acquisition regulations/memorandums, and ensure affordable, supportable and effective systems are delivered to the customer.
Assist program managers in developing program and acquisition documentation, creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide assistance in acquisition process improvement initiatives.
Provide oversight and compliance review of acquisition documentation at all levels of preparation.
Create reports to support program management function.

Qualification Requirements:
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management.
Bachelor' s Degree with a business or technical focus is required.
In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen years may be substituted.
In lieu of certification, an additional three years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen years may be substituted.
Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts. MS Access proficiency is a plus.

DeNOVO Solutions is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Senior Network Engineer	Blackwatch International Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:

Provides high-level architectural expertise to managers and technical staff. Develops architectural products and deliverables for the enterprise and operational business lines. Advises on selection of technological purchases with regards to processing, data storage, data access, and applications development. Advises on feasibility of potential future projects to management.
This position requires expert technical background in the IT networking industry, in particular, aspects like design, configuration, implementation and troubleshooting of large complex DoD enterprise networks. The role requires both broad and deep technology knowledge of the DISN IP networks. The candidate must have proven experience working on projects through the entire project lifecycle, while maintaining high customer satisfaction. Candidate must be able to develop design plans based off contractual requirements. Candidate will be working with a team of engineers to sustain, configure, document, and deploy an enterprise network for a DoD agency in alignment with DoD’s migration to JIE (JRSS, MPLS, ICAN, Cloud).
Position will be remote work with some CONUS travel in support of USAF.
Responsibilities:
Providing technical assessment of requirements and definition from conception (design) through implementation.
Leading projects involving multiple engineers of varying skill levels and act as a Tier V engineer for troubleshooting the USAF network.
Training and mentoring other engineers as needed.
Troubleshooting network, server and storage issues.
Creating manuals, support documentation, and knowledge archives for all projects undertaken.
Optimizing existing networks, servers and storage by adjusting parameters; recommending improvements and evaluating new technologies as they relate to the customer network.
Developing and sustaining NMS tools and establish monitoring policies and signatures.
Using a ticketing system to create, update, and resolve agency network related tickets.
Ensuring proper capacity planning in concert with network, systems and storage architectural designs and migrations.
Qualifications:

Required Skills
Familiarity in a DoD Hosted Cloud Environment (Azure Preferred) with expert level experience working with cloud native technologies.
Working knowledge of automation tools such as Python, Ansible, Git, Powershell, Terraform etc.
Expert hands-on working experience with as many of the following as possible: routers & switches (Cisco preferred), Cisco Nexus switch platforms, F5 load balancers/application delivery controllers, and, Palo Alto Firewalls
Working experience with as many of the following as possible: compute and storage technologies including; fabric interconnects, UCS, MDS switches, VNX arrays, and VMware deployments.
Knowledge with VMware ESXi 6.5 and later, vSphere Distributed Switches, vCenter, Platform Services Controllers (PSC), etc.
Expert knowledge of TCP/IP and associated routing protocols such as (M)BGP, OSPF, etc
Strong knowledge of DISA STIG guidance and experience implementing DISA STIGs to secure DoD enclaves for the above technologies.
Strong knowledge of DISA Security Requirements guide (SRG) & Functional Requirements Document (FRD) requirements.
Ability to troubleshoot complex issues with tools such as Wireshark, Fiddler, Solarwinds.
Competence with MS Visio and PowerPoint to update and maintain network design documentation, and develop design plans to be populated among various engineering teams and stakeholders.
Knowledge of SATCOM engineering solutions.
Knowledge of JIE concepts such as Joint Regional Security Stacks (JRSS), MPLS, and Installation Campus Area Network (ICAN) standards is preferred.
Required Experience
Minimum of 5-8 years’ experience.
Experience developing and interpreting detailed installation instructions and supporting documentation to effect network design deployments.
Proven capability to lead engineering teams on complex deployments.
Excellent ability to provide clear and concise oral and written communication; capability to interface at multiple levels and successfully present technical information
Extensive experience with enterprise network design and sustainment, to include routing, switching, data center, and cloud technology areas.
Experience working within the parameters detailed via DISA STIGs.
Capacity to track, guide, and mentor multiple teams simultaneously.
Strict attention to detail; Adherence to rigid guidelines and processes; Ability to validate, update and maintain accurate records.
Ability to work in a virtual team environment as well as independently
Required Certifications and Clearance:
DoD 8570 IAT III Compliant Certification: (CompTIA CASP, CISSP, etc).
Cisco CCNP certification required in Routing/Switching, Data Center, or Service Provider areas.
Microsoft Certified: Azure Solutions Architect Expert
Current DOD Top Secret clearance / Adjudicated SSBI
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent industry experience.
Check Point CCSA or CCSE R80 certification preferred"	469	Washington
Program Management Support, Foundation GEOINT (Expert — Total Lifecycle Acquisition Management Services)	Allen Integrated Solutions	Springfield, VA	None	"Springfield, VA

AIS - A Woman Owned - Veteran Owned Small Business supporting the DoD and IC in the DC Metropolitan area

TS/SCI Clearance REQUIRED

Overall Assignment Description:
Duties May Include:
Provide advice to assist the government in planning, managing, and executing programs and projects. Evaluate performance, execution risks, and make comprehensive recommendations to the Government.

Support the government in successful execution throughout the entire lifecycle of designated efforts from concept to deactivation & disposal.

Create program documents, plans, and other related artifacts as well as review, evaluate, and assess existing requirements, documents, plans, and other related artifacts for accuracy, consistency, and compliance.

Support program management, business management, and budget execution reviews and provide feedback to the Government.

Support IPF programs in all program ﬁnance related issues to include assessing, coordinating, scheduling, and executing brieﬁngs for management.

Provide analysis (to include ""what ifs"") and coordination of program level and division-level ﬁnancial management plans (to include POM inputs) and reports, to include Fiscal Year spend plans, variance analysis, and corrective action plans.

Assist IPF government representatives in developing annual IPF spend plan and POM that articulates short, mid, and long term goals for the IPF as well as deliverables.

Assist with assessing realism of contractor cost estimates submitted in response to Government Requests for Change (RFC) or impact assessment requests.

Develop independent program ofﬁce cost estimates for future requirements in support of program activities, new requirements, and acquisition processes. Develop program level cost models and documentation and improve estimating methods and techniques through the collection, normalization and analysis of cost and technical data.

Assist with the production of documentation to support new acquisitions and follow on contracts.

Assist with collaboration and integration both within the IPO and between the IPO and its partners/customers including but not limited to other program ofﬁces, the sensor ofﬁce, the infrastructure team, the SAM ofﬁce, ﬁnancial management ofﬁces, contracting ofﬁcers, and Source.

Prepare and submit detailed minutes, notes regarding TEMs, reviews and milestone events.

Conduct brieﬁngs, Technical Exchange Meetings (TEMs), and events.

Assist the program ofﬁce with preparation and coordination of delivery orders, task orders, requirements documents, brieﬁngs, and performance statements, as applicable.

Participate in major program milestones and use expertise to identify and raise programmatic issues as well as solutions for those issues.

Evaluate programmatic impacts of architectural direction and guidance, and recommended paths forward.

Provide program management level awareness and tracking of IPF SPl and security processes.

Assist with drafting and presenting IPO and project presentations to external organizations and customers.

Monitor the status of designated Foundation GEOINT operational systems and support the resolution of operational issues and track test events and related software deliveries.

Provide recommendations to improve the program management processes that IPF leads and/or participates in and assist the government in implementing process improvements.

Assist the government in responding to senior leadership requests.

Provide program management advice and recommendations for alternative courses of action and strategies to effectively deliver Foundation GEOINT capabilities.

Maintain the IPO roadmap following customer prescribed policies.

Provide expertise and techniques to incorporate best practice Agile development and Agile program management methods into acquisition programs.

Assist government program managers in providing answers/input on funding from customer, OUSD(I), DNI and Congress.

Assist in writing and defending Overseas Contingency Operations Funds and IPO unfunded requirements.

Provide support across the entire IPO to work high priorities and support where surge support is needed.

Provide awareness of the breadth of activities within the Foundation GEOINT IPO.

Assist in IPO strategy development.

Support IPO leadership in responding to senior leadership requests.

Research, develop, and coordinate the documentation to ﬁnalize the Statement of Capabilities (SOC).

Collect data and write the Intelligence Capability Baseline Description (ICBD).

Build a Program Ofﬁce Estimate (POE) to help customer CAPE compose the Agency Cost Position (ACP) prior to DNI submission.

Coordinate with IPO engineering, IPO leadership, other IPOs, Enterprise Engineering, Source, and customer Leadership for SOC approval.

Assist IPF leadership with the generation and coordination of additional Milestone artifacts supporting an MSA with a focus on a successful and timely review.

Create SOC and ICBD brieﬁngs for senior leadership and brief or support the brieﬁngs to senior leadership.

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Must have an active TS/SCI security clearance.

Must have 15 years of specialized experience and a total of 20 year's experience.

Demonstrated specialized experience with customer, DoD, or other IC Agencies acquisition processes and procedures.

Demonstrated specialized experience in program/project management.

Demonstrated specialized experience in applying systems engineering processes, requirements analysis, interface deﬁnition, and detailed implementation planning of large complex systems or enterprises and enterprise—wide interoperability.

Bachelor's or higher in a business, computer science, or engineering related ﬁeld.

Certiﬁed as a Program/Project Management Professional or DAWIA certiﬁcation (level III) in IT, PM, or SPRDE or certiﬁed Scaled Agile Framework Agilist (SA).

Desired:
Demonstrated experience working with the DoD or DNI Major Acquisition Systems Milestone Review process.

Demonstrated experience in drafting Statement of Capabilities (SOC) and Intelligence Capability Baseline Description (ICBD) or similar level documentation.

Demonstrate experience in systems documentation of software mission systems.

Demonstrated specialized experience with managing and supporting Foundation GEOINT programs.

Demonstrated experience as a cost estimator in the DoD or IC."	469	Washington
Phlebotomist III	Quest Diagnostics	Fairfax, VA	None	"Go the extra mile. Patients and Physicians rely on our diagnostic testing, information and services to help them make better healthcare decisions. These are often serious decisions with far reaching consequences, and require sensitivity, tact and a clear dedication to service. It’s about providing clarity and hope.
In Patient Services you will work for the world leader in the industry, with a career where you can expand your skills and knowledge. You’ll have a role where you can act with professionalism, you can inspire colleagues, and you can care about the work we do and the people we serve.
At Quest, Patient Service roles are tremendously important – it is a patient-focused role where it is essential to remember that there is a life and person behind every test tube. Your skills are critical, as is your ability to work with the patients. The role is varied and offers a developing career in Phlebotomy due to the scale and reach of Quest. You can grow and improve your skills in a fast-moving, supportive team environment. Most importantly, you can help us make a real difference.
Phlebotomist III - Float- Fairfax, VA req67553
Rep PS III (Phleb) - Float- Fairfax, Virginia - Monday to Friday 8:00AM - 5:00PM (Weekly Rotations 6:00AM - 2:00PM)
Job Summary
The Patient Service Representative III - Float (PSR III - Float) represents the face of our company to patients who come to Quest Diagnostics, both as part of their health routine or for insights into life-defining health decisions. The PSR III - Float draws quality blood samples from patients and prepares those specimens for lab testing while following established practices and procedures. The PSR III - Float has direct contact with patients and creates an atmosphere of trust and confidence while explaining procedures to patients and drawing blood specimens in a skillful, safe and accurate manner. The PSR III - Float is responsible in providing coverage at multiple locations for multiple roles. The PSR III - Float must ensure that daily activities of the Patient Service Center/Mobile/Long Term Care/In-Office Phlebotomy are completed accurately and on time. The PSR III - Float demonstrates Quest Leadership Behaviors while focusing on process excellence skills and sensitivity to confidentiality and accuracy to patient information. Successful applicants may be assigned to work and direct daily activity in a doctor's office, a patient service center, in a house call environment, long term care or as business needs dictate. Must be able to step in for a PSR II and lead one or more PSR on site. Will be required to act as a coach, mentor, instructor, resource advisor for new employees and provide effective onboarding services to new clients. They will also act as point of contact to staff on site and provide regular input to the group lead or supervisor. The PSR III PSR III - Float may also focus on working with customers who have a high complexity and/or volume practice with a specialized focus requiring outstanding phlebotomy skills. In addition, these practices require a higher level of customer facing skills including; verbal and written communications, problem solving, and collaboration with multiple functions, such as: Sales, Laboratory Testing Services, IT connectivity, Billing, and Logistics due to their specialty and or complex test orders. The PSR III - Float must be capable of handling multiple priorities in a high volume setting.
Job Accountabilities

1. Collect specimens according to established procedures. This includes, but not limited to: drug screens, biometric screening and insurance exams.
2. Administer oral solutions according to established training.
3. Research test/client information and confirm and verify all written and electronic orders by utilizing lab technology systems or directory of services.
4. Responsible for completing all data entry requirements accurately including data entry of patient registration; entry of test order from req or pulling order from database; managing Standing Orders.

5. Enter billing information and collect payments when required, including the safeguarding of assets and credit card information.

6. Data entry and processing specimens including: labeling, centrifuging, splitting, and freezing specimens as required by test order.
7. Perform departmental-related clerical duties when assigned such as data entry, inventory, stock supplies, and answer phones when needed.
8. Read, understand and comply with departmental policies, protocols and procedures: (i.e. Procedure Manuals, Safety Manual, Compliance Manual, Automobile Policies and Procedures, Employee Handbook, Quality Assurance Manual); and ensure that all staff members follow instructions.

9. Perform verification of patient demographic info / initials including patient signature post-venipuncture to verify tubes were labeled in their presence and that the name on the label is correct.
10. Assist with compilation and submission of monthly statistics and data.

11. Maintain all appropriate phlebotomy logs in a timely manner and based on frequency, such as maintenance logs and temperature logs.
12. Complete training courses and keep up-to-date with the latest phlebotomy techniques.
13. Travel to Territory Manager meeting if held off-site or off normal shift.
14. Participate on special projects and teams.
15. Stay up-to-date on company communications and assist with the distribution of technical information to the work group.
16. Perform Point of Care (POC) testing at those sites where needed and the complete training/competency evaluations per Standard Operating Procedure (SOP).
17. With appropriate training, act as mentor and resource for new employees, assisting with transition into the PSC work environment and the familiarity with established procedures.
18. Assist with periodic inventory counts report shortages and problems to group leader or supervisor as they occur.
19. Assist with the preparation of schedules for the assigned work group or PSCs.
20. Communicate professionally with clients to resolve or refer, and document problems, prepare problem documentation and report critical issues as they occur.
21. Ensure staff is following all safety precautions by wearing a clean, button lab coat, gloves and face shield when required.
22. Assist supervisors with the implementation of SOPs and the distribution of technical information and communication to the work group in accordance with Quest Diagnostics guidelines.
23. Ensure facilities are neat, clean and in good repair, take appropriate action to advise Group Leader or Supervisor of required repairs and maintenance.

24. Will be required to act as a coach, mentor, instructor and resource advisor for new employees, as well as be the point of contact to staff on site and provide regular input to the group lead or supervisor.
25. Provide effective onboarding services to new clients.

26. Partner with Supervisor and Group Lead to assist the transition process setting up new offices for both PSCs and IOPs.

27. Must be able to step in for a PSR II and lead one or more PSR on site.
Job Requirements
1. Ability to provide quality, error free work in a fast-paced environment.
2. Ability to work independently with minimal on-site supervision.
3. Excellent phlebotomy skills to include pediatric and geriatric.
4. Flexible and available based on staffing needs, which includes weekends, holidays, on-call and overtime.
5. Committed to all Quest Diagnostics policies and procedures including company dress code, Employee Health & Safety, and Quest Diagnostics Everyday Excellence Guiding Principles.
6. Must be able to make decisions based on established procedures and exercise good judgment.
7. Must have reliable transportation, valid driver license, and clean driving record, if applicable.
8. Travel and flexible hours required to work multiple locations and required to cover at Patient Service Center/Mobile/Long Term Care/In-Office Phlebotomy locations with minimal notice.
9. Capable of handling multiple priorities in a high volume setting.

10. Must demonstrate superior customer focus; ability to communicate openly and transparently with peers, supervisors and patients; ability to accelerate and embrace change throughout Quest; and knowledge of our business.
Physical Requirements

1. Lift light to moderately heavy objects. The normal performance of duties may require lifting and carrying objects. Objects in the weight range of 1 to 15 pounds are lifted and carried frequently; objects in the weight range of 16 to 25 pounds are lifted and carried occasionally and objects in the weight range of 26 to 40 pounds are seldom lifted and carried. Objects exceeding 41 pounds are not to be lifted or carried without assistance.
2. Must be able to sit or stand for long periods of time; requires long hours of eye and hand coordination.
3. Must be able to perform repetitive tasks with dominant hand frequently to constantly throughout the day.
4. Position requires travel.

5. Extensive use of phone and PC.

6. Fine dexterity with hands/steadiness.

7. Talking.

8. Walking.

9. Balancing.

10. Bending/kneeling.

11. Pushing/pulling.

12. Reaching/twisting.
 [All requirements are subject to possible modifications to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. All duties and requirements are essential job functions.]
Required Education
1. High school diploma or equivalent.

2. Medical training: medical assistant or paramedic training preferred.
3. Phlebotomy certification preferred. Required in California, Nevada, and Washington.
Work Experience
1. Five years phlebotomy experience required, inclusive of pediatric, geriatric and capillary collections.
2. Minimum 3 years in a PSC/IOP environment preferred.

3. Customer service in a retail or service environment preferred.
4. Keyboard/data entry experience.
All requirements are subject to possible modifications to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. Quest Diagnostics is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Women / Minorities / Veterans / Disabled / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity / Citizenship."	469	Washington
Spanish Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Spanish Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Hebrew Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Hebrew Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Operations Engineering Architect	NiyamIT	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	NiyamIT, Inc. is a CMMI Level III-Dev appraised, ISO 9001:2015, 8(a) HUBZone business with over 13 years of experience supporting Federal, State, Local, and Commercial customers. We are a growing organization, recently ranked by Inc. Magazine on their 2020 Inc. 5000 list. We are looking for talented professionals to rise to the challenge, enhance skills, and work with smart minds. Come join our team and grow with us!Niyam is seeking an experienced Operations Engineering Architect to join our team at Annapolis Junction, MD in support of our growing work with the Department of Homeland Security - TSA. This position offers competitive compensation and benefits.Qualified candidates must be able to supply proof of US Citizenship and hold an active Secret Clearance.Job Responsibilities: Leads technology teams through the complex process of evaluations, development, deployment, and operational supportDirects team in the integration of COTS software to include design, testing, risk mitigation, implementation planning, and operational handoffResponsible for overall technical and Business Process Solutions for Mission Support SystemsProvide expert analytical, technical, and management direction for the development and integration of policies, planned architecture, standards, and programs for information technology management and information interoperabilityServe as the engineering leader and technical expertAct as SME to answer questions and resolve issues brought forth by the engineering team members and other organizationCreate detailed engineering plans, processes, and procedures for engineering staff to use and abide byCheck and confirm the accuracy of the work performed and the methods used by engineering staffConduct various technical reviews and quality assurance checks to verify the quality of completed projectsMonitor and determine various staffing and training needsSpearhead various research and development initiatives to identify opportunities for new projects and improved processesCommunicate and collaborate with other managers, suppliers, and contractors. Prepare and deliver various engineering-related presentations, both internally and externallyMust Have: Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in engineering or similar technical based degreeTrack record of success in IT service delivery, network design, performance management, risk management, capacity planning, operations support, application development, integration, and deployment, Program Management, Information Security, Policy and Strategic Planning, Applications software systems, Linux, Disaster Recovery and System Integration6+ years of engineering experience, ideally in a management role6+ years leading IT security efforts to ensure compliance with NIST guidelines, FIPS 140 cryptographic standards, DHS 4300.A policies, and other security standards required for DHS systems remediationLeadership skills necessary to manage and develop a teamSelf-motivated attitude with the ability to multitask and thrive in a timeline-driven environmentInterpersonal communication skills with expertise in distilling complicated topics to a broader audienceExperience with Operating Systems such as: AIX, RedHat Linux, CentOS, Windows 2016+Experience with DevOps Tools such as: Jenkins, Chef (Ruby), CheckMK, OpenIAM, Docker, Hashicorp Vault, Hashicorp Consul, Hashicorp Terraform, Gitlab, OpenLDAP, BIND, MediaWiki, Supermarket, Kea DHCP, Atom, Nexus, UrbanCodeExperience with Middleware such as: IBM WebSphere Extreme Scale, IBM Data Power, IBM WebSphere Application Server, IBM Liberty, IBM WebSphere MQ, IBM WebSphere Operational Decision Manager, IBM ILOG, IBM DB2, Oracle, Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE), Infoglide Bladeworks SSE, Informatica v8, LDAP, Dell Boomi Scheduler, IBM Global Name Management (GNM)Experience with DEVTEST Tools such as: Gradle, IBM Data Studio, LeanFT, Selenium, Java/J2EE, .NET, Bash/Korn Shell Scripting, PERL, PL/SQL, Eclipse, BURP, Web Accessibility ToolbarExperience with IBM Security Access Manager, IBM Security Identity Manager, IBM Tivoli Monitoring, IBM Netcool, IBM Systems Director and ITCAM, IBM BigFix, IBM Control Center, Splunk, AppscanActive Secret ClearanceAll qualified applicants will receive consideration without regards to race, color, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Account Receivables Specialist	Rainbow Restoration	Lorton, VA 22079	None	"Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Prepares, reviews and mails monthly customer statements.
Posts revenues by verifying and entering transactions.
Updates receivables by totaling unpaid invoices.
Call/email customer /Adjusters daily for the unpaid invoices.
Verifies validity of account discrepancies by obtaining and investigating information from sales, Insurance adjusters, Estimates
Resolves valid or authorized deductions by communicating with the estimator and Project Manager
Resolves customer accounts by examining payments and payment history to determine if collection letters need to be sent out on delinquent accounts.
Keeping accurate records and reporting on collection activity
Summarizes receivables by maintaining invoice accounts, coordinating monthly transfer verifying totals, and preparing reports for active accounts and collection accounts
Assists other finance areas such as accounts payable.
Monitor Accounts to identify outstanding debts.
Investigate the history data for each debt or bill.
Process payments and refund
Resolve Billing and customer issues
Other Administrative duties as assigned.
Physical Demands: Frequently required to sit and use hands/fingers to handle, feel and to manipulate keys on a keyboard. Occasionally required to stand, walk and reach with arms and hands. Vision abilities required by this job include close vision.
Work Environment: Typical office work environment, which is usually quiet. Required to operate a personal computer, photocopy machine, facsimile machine, calculator, telephone, etc. The essential duties and responsibilities; knowledge, skills and abilities; physical demands; and work environment are representative of those that must be performed satisfactorily, must be met, or will be encountered with this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Compensation: 12-17



At Rainbow International® Restoration we’re helping families out when disaster strikes, turning their damaged houses back into homes. Our franchisees are looking for qualified people seeking to do what it takes to restore the customers property. Does the sound of that excite you? Then seeking a career with an independently owned and operated Rainbow International® franchise might be the place for you. Because for our family, this isn’t just a job, it’s a calling.
Notice

Rainbow International LLC is the franchisor of the Rainbow International Restoration® franchised system. Each Rainbow International Restoration® franchised location is independently-owned and operated by an independent franchisee performing services. As a service to its independent franchisees, Rainbow International LLC lists employment opportunities available throughout the franchised network so those employment opportunities may be conveniently found by interested parties at one central location for brand management purposes only. Rainbow International LLC is NOT the employer seeking help. The only employer is the independent franchisee who has listed its available positions on this website.
Acknowledgement

I acknowledge that each independent Rainbow International Restoration® franchisee hires and determines the terms and conditions of employment for its own employees. Any employment benefits, compensation and employment practices vary by location. Neither Rainbow International LLC (“Franchisor”) nor its affiliates have the power to: (1) hire, fire or modify the employment condition of franchisee’s employees; (2) supervise and control franchisee’s employee work schedule or conditions of employment; (3) determine the rate and method of payment; or (4) accept, review or maintain franchisee employment records. Rainbow International LLC is NOT the employer and/or joint employer for: (i) any of the job opportunities listed on this website; (ii) any of the independent franchisees; and, (iii) any of the employees of the independent franchisees."	469	Washington
Sr. Oracle Application DBA	WSSC Water	Laurel, MD	$93,636 - $140,454 a year	"This is a non-merit system, employment-at-will, long-term contract position.

The Sr. Oracle Application DBA is responsible for the overall management and maintenance of Oracle e-Business Suite R12/R12.1 applications. Performs engineering functions for multiple large databases including the data warehouse of the ERP and exadata machines. Partners with technical and business groups to ensure that database performance standards adhere to enterprise service level agreements. Advises the CIO and IT leadership about technology trends and best practices to support WSSC Water business and functional initiatives.

Essential Functions
Provides Tier III support to investigate and troubleshoot issues related with e-Business Suite applications, Oracle database and Oracle exadata machines
Performs daily system monitoring activities to include verifying the integrity and availability of exadata machines and e-Business Suite application server resources
Supports the architecture and process of Oracle10g/11g, ERP R12/12.1, BI applications and exalytics resources
Supports ERP developers for custom coding, code migration, interface design, XML publisher reporting, SQL procedures and concurrent requests, and creates shell/SQL scripts, packages and stored procedures to manipulate data
Provides Oracle application systems administration including user account management and maintenance (e.g. assigning printers, configuring and monitoring Concurrent Manager (CM) queues, scheduling jobs, setting up profile options and setup/configuration/administration of Oracle alerts and work flow mailer)
Evaluates, recommends and serves as POC for software and hardware for database, Oracle ERP applications, BI-Apps solutions and other third party products
Performs installations, configurations, upgrades, and advanced clone/patching of Oracle ERP applications, Oracle RDBMS, 12c Grid Control Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), and Weblogic (configure and setup of load balancing, fault tolerance and PCP)
Provide installation, configuration and administration of Noetix, Vertex and other third party products integrated with e-Business Suite and execute all apps DBA tasks thru AD utilities
Participates, reviews and leads disaster recovery exercises and planning and all exadata migration activities

Other Functions
Assists Oracle-engineered systems in platinum patching, RMAN backups, proactive monitoring and security vulnerability resolution
Serves as ERP and database subject matter expert (SME) and mentor throughout the Commission providing guidance on data technologies and developing and implementing data strategies and policies
Assists in delivering full project lifecycle for Oracle ERP, BI-Apps and P6 analytics implementations and upgrades
Performs other related duties as assigned

Work Environment And Physical Demands
Business casual office setting

Required Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities
Advanced knowledge of RDBMS, Oracle e-Business Suite application and technology stack with patching, upgrades and cloning
Knowledge of Oracle ASM and RAC, Oracle Active Data Guard, RMAN, and Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 12c, Oracle application utilities, and AD utilities
Comprehensive knowledge of database technology, software technology, systems analysis, research techniques, systems development standards, quality and cost controls
Knowledge of Oracle Application Object Library (AOL), Oracle EBS R12 data structures, workflows, sub-ledger accounting (SLA), BI Publisher, Oracle PL/SQL, Oracle Application Framework (OAF), Oracle BI applications implementation, Oracle database management systems and application servers including Oracle Weblogic running on Oracle Linux
Knowledge of Weblogic, P6 Analytics, SQL server database system software, utilities, backup and recovery procedures, install and upgrade procedures and experience with database techniques, performance tuning and documentation
Knowledge of and the ability to support WSSC Oracle Financial database applications (ERP), EAM, and P6 applications
Working knowledge of MS Office and BI-Apps applications
Ability to maintain a strong customer focus and ensure effective flow of communication between the DBA team, internal information technology teams and management and CIO
Ability to troubleshoot and maintain the integrity of e-Business Suite data on exadata machine in 11i/R12.1 environment
Experience in RHEL, Oracle Linux, VMware, Oracle VM, Windows operating system Oracle RDBMS, Oracle middleware, infrastructure architecture, SQL and UNIX scripting

Minimum Education, Experience Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or other technical discipline
4+ years experience in Oracle E-Business Suite in a large corporate environment that includes the following:

o Full lifecycle Oracle 11i/R12 implementation/upgrade project completion in an application DBA role

o 2+ years experience as an Oracle Applications DBA in a multi-tier environment

o Experience with Oracle application patching, cloning, SSL & load balancing configuration, administrative utilities and Oracle BI-Apps configuration administration

o Experience with backup/recovery, sizing and space management, PL/SQL tuning, diagnostics, TAR management and proficient with the use of Oracle’s Enterprise Manager tool

o Experience in Noetix, Vertex, and Experian installation, configuration and administration.
OR
High School diploma or equivalent
10+ years experience in Oracle E-Business Suite in a large corporate environment that includes the following:

o Full lifecycle Oracle 11i/R12 implementation/upgrade project completion in an application DBA role

o 2+ years experience as an Oracle Applications DBA in a multi-tier environment

o Experience with Oracle application patching, cloning, SSL & load balancing configuration, administrative utilities and Oracle BI-Apps configuration administration

o Experience with backup/recovery, sizing and space management, PL/SQL tuning, diagnostics, TAR management and proficient with the use of Oracle’s Enterprise Manager tool

o Experience in Noetix, Vertex, and Experian installation, configuration and administration"	469	Washington
Senior Network Engineer (Route/Switch)	Abile Group, Inc.	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Old Town North area)	None	"Overview:

Abile Group has an exciting and challenging opportunity for a Senior Network Engineer focusing on Routing and Switching to support an Intelligence Community Customer.
The right candidate will possess the following skills and capabilities and be ready to handle all responsibilities independently and professionally.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for overseeing the configuring, managing, monitoring, and maintaining government Command and Control (C2) voice and video collaboration devices.
Subject matter expert for architecting, implementing, testing, and troubleshooting enterprise networks in support of common business applications and objectives.
Develops network architecture designs, studies and plans; supports design, test readiness, and operational readiness reviews.
Provides senior program managers with recommendations on network engineering approaches and strategies for new and continued business.
Develops, implements, and manages network engineering processes including configuration management and design standards to ensure compliance, relevancy, and sustainability.
Performs capacity planning of the network by monitoring and analyzing network, performance and availability.
Proactively researches and evaluates tools and technologies, as appropriate, to the network environment, while developing solutions to increase performance and lower the total cost of ownership.
Provides Tier III support by providing trouble resolution of the network infrastructure and perform on-call duties and off-hours support when needed.
Flexible with scheduled support of outages after hours and on weekends.
Qualifications:

Clearance Required: TS/SCI
Degree and Years of Experience: Bachelor’s degree with communications focus or equivalent plus 10 Years of Experience in networking, architecture/design, development, and implementation of large scale WAN architectures
Required Certifications: Cisco Certified Architect (CCAR), Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP), Cisco Certified Design Expert (CCDE), or Cisco Certified Design Professional (CCDP) certification and IAT Level 3 Certification or IAM Level 3 compliant professional certification (i.e. CISSP, CISM, GSLC, GCIH, CISA, GCED, or SCNA)
Skill Requirements:
Must have proven ability to architect, implement and support network infrastructure solutions for routing and switching of diverse transport and data networks
In depth implementation and troubleshooting experience of networks using concepts/protocols such as BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, IS-IS, MPLS VPNs and emerging concepts such as Software Defined Networking
Experience with LAN and datacenter technologies such as Ethernet, Spanning Tree Protocol, First Hop Redundancy protocols
Experience implementing and troubleshooting WAN topologies using T-Carrier and Optical Carrier circuits.
Preferred Additional Skills:
BSEE, BSCE or BSCS with networking focus, and a minimum of 12+ year’s relevant networking experience
Minimum of ten (10) total years of experience in the architecture/design, development, and implementation of large scale Wide Area Network (WAN) architecture
Exceptional verbal, written (including the development of procedural documentation), interpersonal, and presentation skills desired
Experience with network and performance management tools, security tools and appliances, layer two technologies, wireless communications, cloud computing and telecommunications services and technologies is preferred
Experience working in a telecommunications carrier environment performing large-scale mission critical network implementations is a plus
Self-driven and resourceful in achieving goals independently as well as in cooperation with others
Flexibility to adjust to changing requirements, schedules, and priorities
The ability to socialize ideas, make recommendations, and gather team consensus to move forward
Working knowledge of networking fundamentals such as network protocols and common services (e.g., DNS, FTP, SSH, SNMP)
Previous experience supporting a Government and/or Department of Defense customer
Experience with application of DoD IAVAs, DISA STIGs, and NIST security controls
About Abile Group, Inc.:

Abile Group, Inc. was formed in July 2004 to partner with the Intelligence Community and their Contractors in the areas of Enterprise Analytics & Performance Management, IT & Systems Engineering and Program & Project Management. We have significant experience with the Federal Government and are an EDWOSB dedicated to our employees and clients. We are looking for high performing employees who enjoy providing advice and guidance along with solutions development and implementation support, crafted by combining industry best practices with the clients’ subject matter experience and Abile’s breadth of expertise.
EEO Statement:

Abile Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Anyone requiring reasonable accommodations should email careers@abilegroup.com with requested details. A member of the HR team will respond to your request within 2 business days."	469	Washington
Russian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Russian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Russian Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Russian Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Vietnamese Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Vietnamese Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
IT Communications Lead (TS/SCI w/ Poly)	Parsons	Fort George G Meade, MD	None	"Minimum Clearance Required to Start:
Top Secret SCI w/Polygraph
Job Description:
Parsons is seeking you - a masterful technical wizard who understands how to provide secure communications while maintaining and protecting key IT systems. You'll be supporting projects that will develop and implement next-generation CNO tools, systems, and capabilities to help revolution the cyber battlefield and ensure the superiority of our cyber forces over our adversaries. You'll coordinate with external entities, lead a team of IT network administrators to ensure ample support, work with engineers and cybersecurity personnel to ensure the mission effect is achieved, and utilize your technical expertise throughout the entire process to ensure everything is accomplished in a sound and secure manner.
You will:
Operate and defend IT networks for new or existing computer systems supporting the command or enterprise.
Translate operational requirements into execution actions
Manage change control procedures, help-desk support activities, and day-to-day actions in support of IT services
Evaluate network technologies and make recommendations to project managers regarding integration of these technologies into the existing network.
Utilize Cloud capabilities and architectures to address operational requirements
Requirements:
Minimum fifteen (15) years of IT Operations experience
Minimum of Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university in Systems Engineering, or related discipline
One of following security certifications (active status): CISM, CISSP, GSLC, CCISO (Minimum DOD 8140/DOD 8570 IAM Level III Certification)
Active TS/SCI + CI Polygraph
Preferred / Desired Skills:
Experience with the Department of Defense (DoD) Information Technology regulations and processes
Knowledge of ITIL V3 IT Service Management
Project Management Professional (PMP)
Experience with continuous monitoring
Experience with IT Incident Response
Experience with the Risk Management Framework (RMF) to include developing the Program Protection Plan
System development and instantiation in virtualized environments and cloud infrastructures, especially Amazon AWS
Experience with military organizations, the military planning and operations processes, and cyberspace operations in particular
Location: Columbia/Fort Meade (OPS1)
Some Travel required
Must be able to obtain, maintain and/or currently possess a security clearance."	469	Washington
Program Integrator 3	DCCA	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"DCCA is a veteran-owned high-technology company specializing in providing information technology services to a variety of government agencies and commercial enterprises since 1982. DCCA is proud to offer a strong, competitive compensation and benefits package. Visit our website at: www.dcca.com.


Program Integrator 3

Candidate must have an active TS/SCI w/Poly

Key Tasks:
The Program Integrator shall assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and PEO leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio. Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative. Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports. Draft acquisition and program documents such as TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies. Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.
Required Skills:

Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Assist program managers in developing program documentation (TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies), creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Attend contract reviews to assist GPMs in conducting cost estimating and monitoring of program/initiative outcomes.
Advise in the production and tailoring of NSA financial execution reports and program acquisition documentation and ensure affordable, supportable and effective program requirements are specified to meet mission needs.
Provide assistance in analyzing, tracking, and reporting program unfunded requirements in accordance with PEO policies and processes.
Prepare point papers, briefing charts, spreadsheets and other materials to assist in the Government in program decision-making.
Perform data analysis using MS Excel with pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts to present data clearly and effectively.
Create reports to support program management function to include:
Bi-Weekly execution reports by program to show funding execution across a program inclusive of budget center, appropriation and source of funding including point solutions & external funding) – how much money does a program have and how is the GPM doing on spending it?
Bi-Weekly cost estimating reports by program to show the consolidated burn rate across all contracts that support a program and latest projection for amount of funding required to get through the fiscal year
Bi-Weekly combined overview of total budget available vs. total projected costs for remainder of fiscal year (i.e., is there a projected overrun or underrun based on program cost estimates?)
Bi-Weekly report on any areas of concern – e.g., late receipt of external funds, slow execution against certain appropriations
Bi-Weekly contracts report by program to track current contract funding run outs (i.e., when will contractor be at risk of work stoppage), current contract periods of performance, planned award dates, burn rate analyses, contractor CDRL deliverables
Bi-Weekly Staffing report for LOE contracts, by program, illustrating current and projected staffing, as well as highlighting any areas of concern. Include historic staffing numbers, show positions remaining to be staffed (and their status specifying any delays in filling positions), and show projected staffing for remainder of period of performance. Include attrition metrics.
For programs that are going through contract actions and/or ARB baselining, document readiness schedule listing all contract documents required and the status of each against the baseline schedule for completion. (e.g. TTOs, SOWs, CDRL packages, Technical CICA memos, Acquisition Strategies, etc.)
Assist GPM and initiative leads with resource planning and tracking
Prepare and support delivery of presentations to assist with program and initiative status reviews.


Required Qualifications

Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD/IC program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor’s Degree with a business or technical focus is required. In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Certified Federal Contracts Manager (CFCM) certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred. In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts.
DCCA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Portuguese Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Portuguese Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Cyber Protection Team Master Host Analyst (Linux/Unix)	NetCentrics Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Title: Cyber Protection Team Master Host Analyst (Linux/Unix)
Location: Washington, D.C.
Clearance: TS/SCI with a CI polygraph
Responsibilities:
Analyze Linux/Unix file systems, permissions, and operating system configurations in order to detect vulnerabilities and intrusions
Capture the memory of individual Linux/Unix processes and analyze it using built-in tools and capabilities
Navigate and search Linux/Unix file system structure and common processes for vulnerabilities, anomalies, backdoors, rootkits, remote-access tools, malware, etc.
Monitor, research, analyze, diagnose, and configure/manage Linux/Unix virtualization and Linux/Unix in virtualized environments to detect and respond to anomalies, vulnerabilities, and cyber incidents
Utilize scripting to develop common automation tasks in order to develop custom modules and functions to identify anomalies or suspicious machines
Perform initial triage procedures on potentially malicious Linux/Unix systems using best business practices
Patch Linux/Unix system vulnerabilities to ensure information is safeguarded against outside parties
Monitor operational environment and report on adversarial activities which fulfill leadership's priority information requirements
Conduct network and system level reconnaissance and vulnerability analysis of other systems within a network
Identify and conduct network mapping and operating system (OS) fingerprinting activities
Use cyber defense tools for continual monitoring and analysis of system activity to identify malicious activity
Conduct open source data collection via various online tools
Edit or execute scripts (e.g., Python, Bash/shell, PERL, PHP) on Linux/Unix systems to perform tasks such as: parsing large data files, automating manual tasks, and fetching/processing remote data
Deploy cyber tools to a target Linux/Unix system and utilize them once deployed (e.g., backdoors, sniffers)
Determine and document software patches or the extent of releases that would leave Linux/Unix software vulnerable
Identify Linux/Unix applications and operating systems of a network device based on network traffic
Validate intrusion detection system (IDS) alerts
Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers, and others to design application and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements, and interfaces
Evaluate Linux/Unix system security architecture and its design against cyberspace threats as identified in operational and acquisition documents
Perform security reviews and identify gaps in Linux/Unix environment security architecture and develop a security risk management plan
Provide and maintain CPT documentation for TTPs as inputs to training programs
Work with stakeholders to resolve Linux/Unix computer security incidents and vulnerability compliance
Identify potential points of strength and vulnerability among Linux/Unix segments of a network map
Assist in the construction of signatures which can be implemented on cyber defense tools in response to new or observed threats within a given Linux/Unix network enclave
Detect exploits against targeted networks and Linux/Unix hosts and react accordingly
Analyze identified malicious activity to determine weaknesses exploited, exploitation methods, effects on Linux/Unix systems and information
Isolate, extract, analyze, remove, and document malware on Linux/Unix systems
Notify designated managers, cyber incident responders, and cybersecurity service provider team members of suspected cyber incidents and articulate the event's history, status, and potential impact for further action in accordance with the organization's cyber incident response plan
Plan and recommend modifications or adjustments based on exercise results or system environment
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree desired, but not required
4+ years of experience conducting or supporting Cyber Mission Forces exercises
5+ years of experience as a Certified Senior Level Analyst
Must be compliant with the Enterprise Diagnostic and Troubleshooting Training
Enterprise Linux System Administration
Active Defense Offensive Countermeasures and Cyber Deception (SEC550)
SIEM with Tactical Analytics (SEC555)
Offensive Security Certified Practitioner (OSCP)
Offensive Security Certified Expert (OSCE)
Active DOD 8570 IAT Level III certification
Active TS/SCI security clearance with a CI polygraph or the ability to obtain and maintain a CI polygraph
As a contingency to employment at NetCentrics, all candidates who are given offers must successfully pass a background investigation including criminal history and reference checks
This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status or on the basis of disability.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled"	469	Washington
Portuguese (Continental) Language Instructor	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Portuguese (Continental) Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Sr Acquisition Specialist	Cherokee Nation Businesses	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"Sr Acquisition Specialist, Ft Belvoir
*** Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance***
SUMMARY
The Sr Acquisition Specialist will assist contracting officers in the development of solutions, recommendations, processes, and specialized instruments such as grants, task orders, cooperative agreements, and other transactions in support of the efforts at DTRA.
CN3S provides personalized professional and support services to ensure our clients' success. Whether your program requires mission, IT, environmental or medical support, CN3S offers the best solutions to finish your job on time and within budget. CN3S has proven expertise in navigating the competitive and tribal 8(a) acquisition environments. This gives our clients more control over project scopes and budgets, streamlines the procurement process and alleviates acquisition delays.
For more company information, visit our site at
www. http://cherokeenation3s.com
https://cherokee-federal.com/
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Includes the following:
Provide assistance in conducting both pre-and post-award contracting activities.
Assist a Contracting Officer by updating and maintaining official contract files.
Assist the Contracting Officer by preparing pre-award contractual documents.
Prepare routine correspondence or documentation for signature, distribute those actions to the appropriate offices for action, track and provide the status to the Contracting Officer/COR, in file completed actions in the official contract file.
Perform task relating to pre-award functions and develop documents including market research, Justification and Approvals, Acquisition Plans and Strategies, and other required documents.
Serves as point of contact for assigned procurements.
Ensures appropriate funding and required waivers, certifications, approvals and compliance have been obtained for purchase requests.
Coordinates with responsible officials to obtain funding waivers, certifications, and approvals.
Makes recommendations to the Contracting Officer regarding contract types, methods of solicitation and options.
In coordination with the Contracting Officer, prepares milestones, acquisition plans, and all other acquisition-related documents for the acquisition package.
Prepares and develops solicitations for the Contracting Officer with appropriate provisions, well-defined statements of work / performance work statements, inappropriate evaluation factors.
Assist the Contracting Officer with contract audit recommendations in a timely manner.
Prepares evaluation documents for the Contracting Officer from responses to solicitations, including price reasonableness, adequacy of competition, and the compliance with solicitations.
Assist the Contracting Officer with price negotiation documents, to include, but not limited to, prices, terms, and conditions.
Prepares for the Contracting Officer award documents, consistent with established award factors and the technical board evaluation.
Performs other job-related duties as assigned.
SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY
No supervisory or management authority.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Minimum of Bachelor's degree with at least 24 semester hours in accounting, law, business, finance, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods, or organization and management and 4 years of experience within the past ten (10) years hands-on work as a contract specialist on DoD contracts. Hands-on experience with performance-based contracting, and contracting by negotiation as referenced in FAR Part 15.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) Level III, or equivalent, in the contracting career field unless waived by the COR.
Proven ability to perform cost/price analysis in reviewing contractor's proposals; reviewing and evaluating direct and indirect cost elements, such as, materials, labor, Other Direct Costs, (ODCs), overhead, general and administrative (G&A) expenses and fixed fee.
Skilled in developing, recommending and documenting cost/price objectives for negotiations; and experience in interpreting and applying cost principles and procedures for various types of contracts and acquisitions.
Ability to interact daily with contracting officers, program managers, and auditors.
Physical sciences knowledge – government acquisitions, cost analysis, DAWIA Level III.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance.
Knowledge of federal and agency laws, regulations, and procedures applicable to the acquisition process and to meeting the performance requirements detailed in this PWS.
Professional written and oral communication skills.
The ability to guide first-time DOD contractors through the acquisition process, to include contractor education and outreach as appropriate.
WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work will be primarily performed in a climate-controlled office environment.
Compliance
Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, gender identity and sexual orientation. If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please copy and paste the links to the following two sites: EEO Statement | EEO Poster ; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf and https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf
If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may e-mail CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com for assistance. This email address is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the application process or status.
For Pay Transparency Non Discrimination provision, please copy and paste the following link: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision ; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf
We maintain an Affirmative Action Plan for proactively seeking employment and advancement for qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Upon request, we will schedule a time to make our Affirmative Action Plan accessible. If you are interested, please submit a written request with the email subject line: 2021 Request to View Affirmative Action Plan to the Compliance Administrator at â€œ CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com "" This email box is not for resumes or follow up on job applications.
#CN3S
To apply please email your resume to kiara.kevinwedding@gmail.com


The Sr Acquisition Specialist will assist contracting officers in the development of solutions, recommendations, processes, and specialized instruments such as grants, task orders, cooperative agreements, and other transactions."	469	Washington
Dutch Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Dutch Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Software Developer III- Java	Powersolv	Washington, DC	None	"Job Title: Software Developer III
Location: Washington DC

Overview:
The purpose of this position is to provide support for critical business functions through the development, implementation, testing and maintenance of applications systems.
Responsibilities:
The position’s essential duties include the following:
Support critical business functions through the development, implementation, and maintenance of applications and systems;
Contribute software development expertise to multiple projects and ensure that specifications are met;
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document software applications;
Follow established software development standards and procedures and contribute towards their improvement;
Develop complex application features and create technical designs;
Participate in peer code and design reviews;
Experienced with a wide range of technologies;
Coordinate with departments and users in the support of business applications.
Represent the IT department in terms of software development expertise in coordination with other departments;

Type of Experience JEE Years of Experience
JEE, EJB 3+, Hibernate 3+, JPA, JMS, JSF, JBoss 4+ 5+ Years
Spring 5+ Years
Oracle 10g+; SQL Server RDBMS concepts 5+ Years
Application Development/Software Engineering/Design Patterns 5+ Years
Web application development 5+ Years
Object oriented design and architecture 5+ Years
Web Services/API Development and use 5+ Years
Technical Documentation 4+ Years

NOTE: In addition, please list any desired experience.
Experience API’s and SOA Patterns
Experience with integration of application software and RDBMS
Knowledge of configuration management, release management principles
Knowledge of SOA
Experience with agile SDLC; Scrum preferred
Experience with high availability architectures
Knowledge of networking and system engineering concepts
Experience with PL/SQL
Experience with scripting languages
Experience with Oracle Access Manager (OAM)
Knowledge of application security concepts

SPECIAL SKILLS:
Analytical and problem solving skills
Developing and/or creating new or more effective ideas, approaches, etc.
Developing and executing short-range plans/decisions
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to exercise sound judgment across a broad range of circumstances."	469	Washington
Information System Security Officer (ISSO)	Crest Security Assurance	United States	$135,000 - $145,000 a year	Key FunctionsThe information system security officer (ISSO) is responsible for the cybersecurity of a program, organization, system, or enclave. The ISSO ensures that the security and privacy posture is maintained for an organizational system and works in close collaboration with the system owner. The ISSO serves as a principal advisor on all matters, technical and otherwise, involving the security and privacy controls for the system and has the knowledge and expertise to manage the security and privacy aspects of an organizational system.Selected Responsibilitiesi. Identify the security and privacy requirements allocated to a system and to the organization.ii. Identify the characteristics of a system.iii. Contribute to determining the boundary of a system.iv. Collaborate with the System Owner to categorize the system and document the security categorization results as part of system requirements.v. Identify stakeholders who have a security and/or privacy interest in the development, implementation, operation, or sustainment of a system.vi. Identify the stakeholder protection needs and stakeholder security and privacy requirements.vii. Identify the types of information to be processed, stored, or transmitted by a system.viii. Identify stakeholder assets that require protection.ix. Conduct an initial risk assessment of stakeholder assets and update the risk assessment on an ongoing basis.x. Select the security and privacy controls for a system and document the functional description of the planned control implementations in a security/privacy plan.xi. Develop a strategy for monitoring security and privacy control effectiveness; coordinate the system-level strategy with the organization and mission/business process-level monitoring strategy.xii. Develop, review, and approve a plan to assess the security and privacy controls in a system and the organization.xiii. Document changes to planned security and privacy control implementation and establish the configuration baseline for a system.xiv. Respond to system risk posture based on the results of ongoing monitoring activities, assessment of risk, and outstanding items in a plan of action and milestones (POA&M).xv. Prepare a plan of action and milestones based on the findings and recommendations of a security assessment report excluding any remediation actions taken.xvi. Update a security plan, security assessment report, and plan of action and milestones based on the results of a continuous monitoring process.xvii. Review the security and privacy status of a system (including the effectiveness of security and privacy controls) on an ongoing basis to determine whether the risk remains acceptable.xviii. Report the security status of a system (including the effectiveness of security and privacy controls) to an authorizing official on an ongoing basis in accordance with the monitoring strategy.xix. Ensure that plans of actions and milestones or remediation plans are in place for vulnerabilities identified during risk assessments, audits, inspections, etc.xx. Ensure that security improvement actions are evaluated, validated, and implemented as required.QualificationsSkillsi. Skill in creating policies that reflect system security and privacy objectives.ii. Skill in applying confidentiality, integrity, and availability principles.iii. Skill in assessing security and privacy controls based on cybersecurity and privacy related principles and tenets. (e.g., CIS CSC, NIST SP 800-53, Cybersecurity Framework, etc.).iv. Skill to apply cybersecurity and privacy principles to organizational requirements (relevant to confidentiality, integrity, availability, authentication, non-repudiation).v. Skill in determining how a security system should work (including its resilience and dependability capabilities) and how changes in conditions, operations, or the environment will affect the security and privacy of the systemvi. Skill in technical writing.vii. Skill in writing about facts and ideas in a clear, convincing, and organized manner.viii. Skill in evaluating the trustworthiness of the supplier and/or product.Required Abilitiesi. Ability to answer questions in a clear and concise manner.ii. Ability to ask clarifying questions.iii. Ability to communicate complex information, concepts, or ideas in a confident and well-organized manner through verbal, written, and/or visual means.iv. Ability to communicate effectively when writing.v. Ability to prepare and present briefings.vi. Ability to produce technical documentation.vii. Ability to design valid and reliable assessments.viii. Ability to operate common network tools (e.g., ping, traceroute, nslookup).ix. Ability to operate different electronic communication systems and methods (e.g., e-mail, VOIP, IM, web forums, Direct Video Broadcasts).x. Ability to apply critical reading/thinking skills.xi. Ability to evaluate information for reliability, validity, and relevance.xii. Ability to function in a collaborative environment, seeking continuous consultation with other analysts and experts—both internal and external to the organization—to leverage analytical and technical expertise.xiii. Ability to think critically.xiv. Ability to monitor advancements in information privacy technologies to ensure organizational adaptation and compliance.xv. Ability to understand technology, management, and leadership issues related to organization processes and problem solving.xvi. Ability to apply techniques for detecting host and network-based intrusions using intrusion detection technologies.xvii. Ability to integrate information security requirements into the acquisition process; using applicable baseline security controls as one of the sources for security requirements; ensuring a robust software quality control process; and establishing multiple sources (e.g., delivery routes, for critical system elements).xviii. Ability to identify critical infrastructure systems with information communication technology that were designed without system security considerations.Required Knowledgei. Knowledge of an organization's information classification program and procedures for information compromise.ii. Knowledge of applicable laws, statutes (e.g., in Titles 10, 18, 32, 50 in U.S. Code), Presidential Directives, executive branch guidelines, and/or administrative/criminal legal guidelines and procedures.iii. Knowledge of Application Security Risks (e.g. Open Web Application Security Project Top 10 list)iv. Knowledge of authentication, authorization, and access control methods.v. Knowledge of computer algorithms.vi. Knowledge of controls related to the use, processing, storage, and transmission of data.vii. Knowledge of critical information technology (IT) procurement requirements.viii. Knowledge of critical infrastructure systems with information communication technology that were designed without system security considerations.ix. Knowledge of current and emerging threats/threat vectors.x. Knowledge of current industry methods for evaluating, implementing, and disseminating information technology (IT) security assessment, monitoring, detection, and remediation tools and procedures utilizing standards-based concepts and capabilities.xi. Knowledge of cyber defense and information security policies, procedures, and regulations.xii. Knowledge of cyber defense and vulnerability assessment tools and their capabilities.xiii. Knowledge of enterprise incident response program, roles, and responsibilities.xiv. Knowledge of how traffic flows across the network (e.g., Transmission Control Protocol [TCP] and Internet Protocol [IP], Open System Interconnection Model [OSI], Information Technology Infrastructure Library, current version [ITIL]).xv. Knowledge of incident categories, incident responses, and timelines for responses.xvi. Knowledge of incident response and handling methodologies.xvii. Knowledge of industry-standard and organizationally accepted analysis principles and methods.xviii. Knowledge of information security program management and project management principles and techniques.xix. Knowledge of intrusion detection methodologies and techniques for detecting host and network-based intrusions.xx. Knowledge of laws, policies, procedures, or governance relevant to cybersecurity for critical infrastructures.xxi. Knowledge of measures or indicators of system performance and availability.xxii. Knowledge of network protocols such as TCP/IP, Dynamic Host Configuration, Domain Name System (DNS), and directory services.xxiii. Knowledge of network security architecture concepts including topology, protocols, components, and principles (e.g., application of defense-in-depth).xxiv. Knowledge of network systems management principles, models, methods (e.g., end-to-end systems performance monitoring), and tools.xxv. Knowledge of network traffic analysis methods.xxvi. Knowledge of new and emerging information technology (IT) and cybersecurity technologies.xxvii. Knowledge of organization's risk tolerance and/or risk management approach.xxviii. Knowledge of Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards.xxix. Knowledge of penetration testing principles, tools, and techniques.xxx. Knowledge of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) data security standards.xxxi. Knowledge of resource management principles and techniques.xxxii. Knowledge of server administration and systems engineering theories, concepts, and methods.xxxiii. Knowledge of server and client operating systems.xxxiv. Knowledge of system administration, network, and operating system hardening techniques.xxxv. Knowledge of system and application security threats and vulnerabilities (e.g., buffer overflow, mobile code, cross-site scripting, Procedural Language/Structured Query Language [PL/SQL] and injections, race conditions, covert channel, replay, return-oriented attacks, malicious code).xxxvi. Knowledge of system life cycle management principles, including software security and usability.xxxvii. Knowledge of system software and organizational design standards, policies, and authorized approaches (e.g., International Organization for Standardization [ISO] guidelines) relating to system design.xxxviii. Knowledge of technology integration processes.xxxix. Knowledge of the organization’s enterprise information technology (IT) goals and objectives.Requirements, Preferred Experience and Certifications U.S. CitizenshipThis requires 7+ years of relevant cyber security experience and is a Senior Position.Required CertificationsCertified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)Relevant CertificationsCompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP)GIAC Certified Penetration Tester (GPEN)GIAC Continuous Monitoring Certification (GMON)GIAC Information Security Professional (GISP)GIAC Security Essentials Certification (GSEC)GIAC Security Leadership Certification (GSLC)Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA)Certified Authorization Professional (CAP)Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP)Systems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP)CISSP Information Systems Security Management Professional (CISSP-ISSMP)Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $135,000.00 - $145,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offParental leaveReferral programTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)Experience:RMF: 5 years (Required)NIST Standards: 5 years (Required)ISSO: 5 years (Required)License/Certification:CISSP (Required)Certified Information Systems Auditor (Preferred)Contract Length:More than 1 yearContract Renewal:LikelyWork Location:Multiple locationsCompany's website:www.crestassure.comCompany's Facebook page:https://www.linkedin.com/company/crest-security-assurance/Benefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in place	469	Washington
Portuguese (Brazilian) Language Instructor	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Portuguese (Brazilian) Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Chinese / Mandarin Language Instructor at FSI	Yorktown Systems Group, Inc.	Arlington, VA 22201	None	"Note all applications and resumes submitted are for a ""ready pool"" of qualified Language Instructors for the Department of State (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI). Your application and resume will be reviewed when there is a requirement for a language instructor for your specific language and qualifications at FSI.
Chinese / Mandarin Language Instructor for The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI) provides language training and testing to DOS employees and other government agencies in over 70 foreign languages. Enrollments in the School surpass 2000 students annually including up to 1000 distance learning enrollments.
General Requirements, but are not limited to:
Language Instruction
Plan and/or conduct small and/or large group language classes using a wide variety of language teaching methodologies and techniques, stressing speaking, listening comprehension, and reading skills. In most cases, the Government will provide the teaching materials. Using the foreign language as a tool to accomplish United States Government objectives is the ultimate goal of the training that SLS provides.
Use established training materials and work collaboratively and closely with other instructors, under the direct guidance of the COR, ACOR, or GTM, who is usually the Language Training Supervisor (LTS), on training and/or testing matters.
In collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM and others, adapt teaching techniques and approaches to the students' individual learning styles and needs. ·
Provide feedback and analysis of the students' progress and problems to the COR, ACOR, or GTM and to instructional and other staff as appropriate.
Provide students with encouragement and constructive feedback.
Apply classroom management techniques to provide a respectful, student-centered environment conducive to learning.
Conduct informal or formal progress evaluations and/or administer weekly quizzes and assessments to evaluate student progress.
Attend all section and other meetings as appropriate.
Incorporate the use of instructional technology into the instructional program as appropriate and in collaboration with the COR, ACOR, or GTM.
Serve part-time as a mentor to distance learning students with COR, ACOR, or GTM approval. (Part-time DL instruction will supplement in class instruction on occasions where the amount of students cannot accommodate a full-time DL instructor provided in CLIN 7).
Collaborate with staff in the Learning Consultation Service (LCS) in whatever way deemed appropriate by the COR, ACOR, or GTM. The LCS is a unit in SLS with specialists who assist language students with their learning by providing counseling and administering and interpreting diagnostic instruments which assess learning styles and preferences.
With pre-approval by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, plan and/or participate in non-classroom activities in the Washington area. Participation is strictly voluntary. Activities may include visits to foreign embassies, local community organizations, community centers, neighborhoods, shopping areas, and restaurants where heritage speakers live and congregate, and often involve pre-visit training and after-action follow up.
Participate in the planning and delivery of language immersions. Participation is strictly voluntary. Immersions may consist of one or more days of activities that take place outside of the Washington area, either domestically in the United States or overseas, and contain substantial non-classroom-like activities that foster practical, natural use of the language. Contractors will be compensated at their normal hourly rate for hours worked during normal daily working hours for the time zones in which the work is completed and will additionally receive compensation as follows:
Contractors may earn up to a total of twelve (12) hours per weekday and up to eight (8) hours per weekend day.
Domestic Immersions: up to five days actual Meals and Incidental Expenses (M&IE)
Overseas Immersions: up to 14 days actual M&IE * Lodging, travel, and other expenses may be covered by SLS in certain rare circumstances.
According to the Defense Base Act (DBA), Contractors are required to have travel insurance when traveling overseas. The Contractor Company must provide DBA insurance policy information to FSI before planning for any foreign immersion takes place. FSI will reimburse the Contractor Company for the direct expenses of the DBA insurance policy if the foreign immersion travel is approved in the SLS Travel Budget.
Contractors may be requested to purchase language-training materials. The COR/ACOR and GTM must approve such purchases in advance. Reimbursement shall be submitted on the Contractor's invoice. Contractors must submit copies of all receipts and currency exchange rates with their invoice.
Travel or materials acquisitions must be duly authorized in a task order prior to any travel or other reimbursable expenditures.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, follow techniques, methodologies, and approaches used by the office/section.
As required by the COR, ACOR, or GTM, maintain attendance records for students.
Materials and Curriculum Development (If Needed)
Collaborate with the COR, ACOR, or GTM to participate in and support, on a part-time basis, the development of language training materials or SLS-relevant reference materials, including but not limited to text, audio, video, and technology-based media. All materials become the property of the United States Government, and the Contractor may not copy or reproduce them in any way for use outside of an FSI class, share them by any means outside of FSI, or publish them in any way without the express permission of the Government.
Assist with the creation and field-testing of new teaching, study, student advisory, and/or testing materials.
Assist with the recording of audio or video materials to be used in conjunction with established language training curricula or as ancillary resources for student self-directed study.
Assist in in-service staff development and orientation activities, including giving presentations or facilitating a workshop sponsored by FSI.
As needed, assist with the development of SLS-relevant research and development projects, including but not limited to instructional research and development and institutional (management) data handling and analysis.
As needed, assist with reviewing and editing foreign language and/or English in instructional materials.
Adhere to all copyright guidelines and restrictions and follow FSI and SLS procedures regarding copyright.
As needed, assist with drafting required documents in the curriculum development project approval process as well as provide status updates on approved projects on request.
Testing (If Needed)
As needed and on a part-time basis, assist with testing for language proficiency examinations, interacting with the examinee in the instructor's native language or language in which the instructor has near-native proficiency. Support for proficiency tests may be face-to-face or by telephone or other technology-based medium (recorded audio, recorded video, videoconferencing). The instructor may support testing by providing information to an examiner about the examinee's performance on various parts of the test and about the content of the texts used in the test, and assists with the selection and/or preparation of reading test materials.
On a strictly voluntary basis, may have the opportunity to become a certified tester by the FSI Language Testing Unit (LTU). Duties of the tester are defined by documentation in the LTU (provided post-award). FSI/ SLS/LTU provides all training required for attaining FSI Tester certification. The training process takes approximately one year to complete and includes a 40-hour introductory workshop, approximately 25 hours of review classes and mentoring meetings with a Testing Mentor, a written assessment on testing processes, observations of at least three official exams, conducting mock practice exams, and conducting official exams observed by the Testing Mentor or LTU Operations Manager to complete certification. (To become a certified tester the contractor must submit a request to their PM and the PM is to then send the request to the COR/ACOR for approval).
Assist with the creation and testing of new reading kits to be used in face-to-face, telephone or field testing.
Participate in producing audio or video materials for use in conjunction with LTU testing training.
May be requested to conduct end of training tests at one of FSI's field schools overseas.
Adhere to all guidelines and follow all procedures regarding testing material security and safeguarding test score data.
Required Qualifications:
Overall Requirements for all Language Instructor Positions:
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Be eligible to work in the United States and must have a minimum of one year remaining in U.S. employment eligibility.
Follow all policies of the Language Section, the Administrative Unit, SLS, FSI, and DOS.
Follow the guidance provided in the FSI Language and Culture Instructor Guide.
Follow all administrative processes and procedures as detailed in the SLS Guide to FSI Administrative Procedures.
Work in a harmonious and professional manner with colleagues who represent cultures from around the world.
Requirements for Language Instructor I:
Foreign Language Proficiency: must be educated native or near-native speakers of the language preferably Level 4 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
English Proficiency: It is strongly preferred, but not required, that possess sufficient proficiency in English Level 2 or higher on the ILR proficiency scale.
Cultural Background: Candidates must possess the cultural background of the specific country or geographical region required by submitting proof of being raised or educated in said country, by living in a cultural enclave or heritage community in another country, or by demonstrating through work experience or academic preparation a deep understanding of the region. It is desired, but not required, that contractors should have spent their formal educational (secondary school and beyond) years in the cultural environment and have been schooled there through the equivalent of American secondary school.
Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Companies can go to http://www.naces.org/members.htm to identify institutions recognized as specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials.
Requirements for Language Instructor II (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I to be considered for Language Instructor II):
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
BA/BS, MA/MS, or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree(s) in any field.
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
A minimum English proficiency level of a 2:2 on the ILR proficiency scale.
Requirements for Language Instructor III (Note -Candidate must meet all requirements for Language Instructor I and II to be considered for Language Instructor III):
A minimum of seven (7) years of experience teaching adult learners the foreign language they will be providing to FSI in a classroom setting (2 or more students).
MA/MS or Ph.D., or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field with demonstrated expertise through experience or publications in one or more of the qualifications required for language instruction at FSI (i.e., curriculum development, proficiency assessment, task-based teaching and learning, adult language learning, educational technology in FLE, etc.)
A minimum of one (1) year of experience designing proficiency-based curricula.
A minimum English proficiency level of a 3:3 on the ILR proficiency scale. (TOEFL or CEFR scale equivalents are considered acceptable).
A minimum of three (3) years of experience teaching foreign language with proficiency-based or task-based curricula.
A minimum of one (1) year of experience administering proficiency-based assessments (i.e., DLPT, ACTFL OPI, etc.).
Additional Preferred Qualifications:
BS/BA or MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field preferred. (BS/BA Required for Language Instructor II, MS/MA or foreign equivalent degree in relevant language education field required for Language Instructor III)
Experience teaching foreign language(s) to adult learners in a classroom setting preferred.
Experience developing foreign language instructional materials and/or curricula preferred.
Experience teaching with the communicative approach preferred.
Experience incorporating a variety of educational technology in teaching preferred.
Experience teaching blending learning activities valued.
Experience integrating social media applications for educational purposes valued.
Experience administering proficiency-based assessments valued. (Required for Language Instructor II and III)
Experience teaching with vocabulary-based language learning materials valued.
Experience delivering training targeted to needs of diplomatic community valued.
Clearance: National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), background check
Location: The School of Language Studies (SLS) at the U.S. Department of State’s (DOS) Foreign Service Institute (FSI), Arlington, Virginia
Travel: Some Travel may be required"	469	Washington
Network/System Administrator	General Dynamics	Washington, DC	None	"Type of Requisition:
Pipeline
Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:
Top Secret/SCI
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:
Top Secret/SCI
Suitability:
Polygraph
Public Trust/Other Required:
Job Family:
Systems Administration
Job Description:
GDIT is preparing to hire for all levels of Network/System Administrators in various locations. Specific position requirements and locations will be determined in the future. If interested in this position please apply; if qualified a recruiter will contact you with additional information.
Locations may vary; multiple CONUS and OCONUS locations may be available.
Performance shall include:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Experience:
1 - 7 years related experience
Level I – SAP experience desired
Level II – SAP experience required
Level III – Minimum of 2 years of SAP experience
Education:
Bachelor’s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (4 years)
Certifications:
Must meet position and certification requirements outlined in DoD Directive 8570.01-M for Information Assurance Technician Level 2 within 6 months of the date of hire
Security Clearance:
Current Top Secret Clearance with SCI Eligibility
Eligibility for access to Special Access Program Information
Willingness to submit to a Counterintelligence polygraph
Other Requirements:
Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Windows 2008 R2/2012 R2 Server, Microsoft Exchange Server 2003/2010, Microsoft Windows 7/10 operating systems (OS) administration and associated hardware
Working knowledge of CISCO network and switching and virtualization technologies
Working knowledge of Local Area Network (LAN) and Wide Area Network (WAN) technologies and data backup technologies to include communication security (COMSEC) integration
Working knowledge of Risk Management Framework, and, Common Criteria, and System Security Policy as they relate to A&A
Working knowledge and current relevant experience with PL1 & PL2 systems; experience with PL3 & PL4 cross domain solutions is a plus
Must be familiar with security policy/manuals and other guiding policy documents
Ability to work in a dynamic environment and effectively interact with numerous DOD, military/civilian personnel and industry partners
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel)
Possess a high degree of originality, creativity, initiative requiring minimal supervision
Requires travel within the organizational geographic Area of Responsibility (AOR) (note - could be extensive, and will include both air and ground transportation)
Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs.
#AirforceSAPOpportunities
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Travel Required:
None
Telecommuting Options:
Telecommuting Not Allowed
Work Location:
USA DC Washington
Additional Work Locations:
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Restoration Contents Cleaner	Rainbow Restoration	Lorton, VA 22079	$12 - $14 an hour	"Contents Cleaning on location/ warehouse:

Thoroughly clean smoke residue from contents and structures
Pack contents up with protection and care to avoid damage
Provide post construction cleaning to prepare a house for occupancy
Follow procedures for cleaning structures and contents and handling customers’ possessions
Keep job site clean and professional, especially at the end of the day. Organize and remove all cleaning tools and supplies from the property

General Duties:

Be responsible for a quality and efficient finished product
Be responsible for maintaining a clean and safe job site at all times
Update production team members and managers of any changes in project details
Complete daily paperwork, timecards, checkout forms and other paperwork accurately and in a timely fashion
Facility janitorial work as required

Qualifications

Education and Experience

Clean criminal record as it relates to work

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Strong customer service skills
Ability to take direction and follow pre-established guideline
Ability to communicate effectively in English both verbally and in writing
Ability to multitask and prioritize
Ability to work in a constant changing environment

Working Conditions

Will often work in dirty and/or wet conditions.
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) is available for use and at times is mandatory. This may include, but is not limited to, gloves, respirators, goggles, hard hats, and tyvek suits.
The nature of the work requires incumbents to be working with cleaning, deodorization and antimicrobial products on a daily basis
Shifts vary but usually are from 8:00am to 5:00pm (M-F)
Some overtime may be required on a periodic basis


Compensation: $12.00-$14.00



At Rainbow International® Restoration we’re helping families out when disaster strikes, turning their damaged houses back into homes. Our franchisees are looking for qualified people seeking to do what it takes to restore the customers property. Does the sound of that excite you? Then seeking a career with an independently owned and operated Rainbow International® franchise might be the place for you. Because for our family, this isn’t just a job, it’s a calling.
Notice

Rainbow International LLC is the franchisor of the Rainbow International Restoration® franchised system. Each Rainbow International Restoration® franchised location is independently-owned and operated by an independent franchisee performing services. As a service to its independent franchisees, Rainbow International LLC lists employment opportunities available throughout the franchised network so those employment opportunities may be conveniently found by interested parties at one central location for brand management purposes only. Rainbow International LLC is NOT the employer seeking help. The only employer is the independent franchisee who has listed its available positions on this website.
Acknowledgement

I acknowledge that each independent Rainbow International Restoration® franchisee hires and determines the terms and conditions of employment for its own employees. Any employment benefits, compensation and employment practices vary by location. Neither Rainbow International LLC (“Franchisor”) nor its affiliates have the power to: (1) hire, fire or modify the employment condition of franchisee’s employees; (2) supervise and control franchisee’s employee work schedule or conditions of employment; (3) determine the rate and method of payment; or (4) accept, review or maintain franchisee employment records. Rainbow International LLC is NOT the employer and/or joint employer for: (i) any of the job opportunities listed on this website; (ii) any of the independent franchisees; and, (iii) any of the employees of the independent franchisees."	469	Washington
Account Executive III - US Army, Navy, Defense Health Agency/DoD	Zivaro Inc	Washington, DC 20005 (Logan Circle area)	None	"ZIVARO is an Engineering and Information Technology Company focused on providing Services to the Federal and State governments and expanding our services into the finance and healthcare industries. With a legacy spanning over twenty years, Zivaro is a veteran in the Colorado tech space. Zivaro provides transformational consulting and technology services to help clients attain real business value from their technology investments. With deep roots in Hybrid IT, Security, Collaboration, and Analytics, we support clients across a broad spectrum of industries with IT strategy, planning, implementation, and IT operations. Zivaro offers a competitive compensation program and comprehensive benefits package to our employees including Health/Dental/Vision/Flex PTO.
JOB SUMMARY:
The Federal Account Executive III (AE III) will lead the Zivaro effort to enhance the mission outcomes of our customers through the integration of select technology and services. They will develop strong relationships with clients and manage existing anchor relationships. They will work with clients to identify and understand their objectives and align our products and services offerings with their needs. They will be responsible for overseeing and managing a pipeline to deliver a quota of $20M+ in total revenue.
POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
Possess an understanding of your customers mission and passion for enabling their mission success
Demonstrate strong skills in developing and maintaining relationships with customers and key OEMs such as Cisco, NetApp, VMWare, Dell, HPE, Splunk, AWS, and Azure
Able to position and close services under multiple delivery models including, short duration project based support, long term service capability delivery, managed services, and XaaS.
Collaborate with and quarterback a combined team of inside support, engineers, project managers, and others to deliver mission outcomes to customers and achieve Zivaro business goals
Display entrepreneurial drive to identify and capture new customers
Understand and work closely with defense system integrators, both large and small, at the Business Development, Program Manager, Engineering, and Procurement levels to deliver mission capability to government end users
Display a through knowledge of Federal Government budgeting and procurement cycles
Manage a $20M+ pipeline of business through all phases of the sales cycle, providing timely and accurate forecasting to Sales and Service Delivery leadership
QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience in the US Army/US Navy or selling to the US Military, Defense Health Agency & DoD Health Organizations
5+ years of experience with IT sales prospecting, pipeline management, and deal closing
Repeated achievement of Revenue targets of $20M+
Outstanding communication and organization skills
Desired: Defense System Integrator experience
U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions at Zivaro due to security clearance requirements and government/federal contracts held by Zivaro.
EEO STATEMENT
ZIVARO fully subscribes to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity. It is our policy to provide employment, compensation and other benefits related to employment based on qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. In accordance with requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act, it is our policy to provide reasonable accommodation upon request during the application process to eligible applicants in order that they may be given a full and fair opportunity to be considered for employment. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we intend to comply fully with applicable federal and state employment laws and the information requested on this application will only be used for purposes consistent with those laws."	469	Washington
Environmental Field Service Supervisor	Clean Harbors	Laurel, MD 20724	None	"Position Description:
The Opportunity
The Field Service Supervisor is responsible for the direct supervision of Field Service Foremen and the indirect supervision of Field Technicians I, II & III, including ensuring that all Health and Safety requirements are adhered to and job requirements (budget and schedule) are met.

Why work for Clean Harbors?
Health and Safety is our #1 priority and we live it 3-6-5!
Competitive wages
Comprehensive health benefits coverage after 30 days of full-time employment
Group 401K with company matching component
Generous paid time off, company paid training and tuition reimbursement
Positive and safe work environments
Opportunities for growth and development for all the stages of your career
Key Responsibilities:
Ensures Health and Safety is the number one goal by following policies, processes, and acting in a safe manner at all times.
Enforce the policies and procedures as they relate to Health & Safety as measured by the districts health and safety record; Work closely with the Director of Health and Safety and VP of Site Services in resolving issues in an appropriate and timely manner.
Meet with customers as needed to ensure customer satisfaction and to resolve any pending complaints or issues.
Participate in joint calls with specialists as needed and maintain a professional image when dealing with customers.
Maintain up to date confined space supervisor and emergency response supervisor certifications
Manage large scale field service and emergency response projects when directed.
Understand and work with the Coordinator in the communication of manpower, equipment and resources required to complete field service and emergency response projects.
Act as the on-call coordinator on an as needed basis.
Oversee projects for Health and Safety, profitability, completeness and professionalism
Health and safety issues surrounding projects assigned, including reviewing operational procedures to assure correct health and safety action plans and communicate effectively with the health and safety organization regarding onsite specific action.
Respond immediately when on-call or secure proper coverage, and communicate replacement name to supervisor/manager.
Enforce and ensure OSHA, EPA and H&S standards or regulations are complaint.
Timely reporting of work-related accidents or incidents to immediate supervisor.
Performs other duties and tasks as assigned from time to time by management and will be required by the needs of the Clean Harbors business.
What does it take to work for Clean Harbors?
High school diploma or equivalent required. Bachelors degree preferred.
3+ years experience in environmental field service operations.
2+ years supervisory experience preferred.
Emergency response supervisor training and Marine Spill Response training preferred.
Ability to work Monday-Friday 6-5 with on-call rotation responsibility.
Knowledge of scoping and pricing field service work.
Knowledge of Federal, state and local environmental regulations as well as Clean Harbors policies and procedures related to field operations.
Knowledge of various types of equipment
Proficiency in Windows based applications.
Ability to understand issues and resolve/address strategically
Understanding of Corporate Safety & Compliance Policies
Basic understanding of Clean Harbors business systems
Excellent communication skills.
Knowledge of Federal, state and local environmental regulations as well as Clean Harbors policies and procedures related to field operations
Strong customer management, leadership and supervisory skills.
40-years of sustainability in action. At Clean Harbors, our mission is to create a safer, cleaner environment through the treatment, recycling, and disposal of hazardous materials. Clean Harbors is the leading provider of environmental, energy and industrial services throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico. Everywhere industry meets environment, Clean Harbors is on-site, providing premier environmental, energy and industrial services. We are solving tough problems through innovation and proven methodology – come be part of the solution with us.
Join our safety focused team today! To learn more about our company, and to apply online for this exciting opportunity, visit us at https://careers.cleanharbors.com/.
For additional information about driver career opportunities, please call us at 1-833-32-DRIVE (1-833-32-37483).
Clean Harbors is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against applicants due to race, ancestry, color, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or on the basis of any other federal, state/provincial or local protected class.
Clean Harbors is a Military & Veteran friendly company.CH
#LI-HP1


Position Requirements"	469	Washington
System-Network Administration-Tier II/III Help Desk Support & Cyber Security Specialist	Global Science & Technology, Inc.	Greenbelt, MD 20770	None	"Global Science & Technology, Inc. (GST), a growing scientific and high technology company, is seeking an experienced information technology professional to support our Corporate headquarters office. Position is available in either Greenbelt, MD or Fairmont, WV.
Position Summary:
Provide overall System-Network Administration support with an ability to lead/guide a group of junior IT/Help desk apprentices. Provide instructive Help Desk and System Administration support to the GST headquarters and remote offices. Provide Cyber Security (InfoSec) which would include familiarity with Cyber policy/processes (logging, detection, remediation, etc.) and Cyber applications (forensics, etc.).
Primary Duties:
Network Administrator Support
Assist and contribute to the establishment of the network specifications by conferring with users; analyzing workflow, access, information, and security requirements; designing router administration, including interface configuration and routing protocols
Assist and monitor and analyze network performance issues, as assigned; including availability, utilization, through-put, and latency; planning and executing the selection, installation, configuration, and testing of equipment; defining network policies and procedures; establishing connections and firewalls, and troubleshooting network problems
Assist with the network security by developing network access, monitoring, control, and evaluation; maintaining documentation. Assist the Lead IT for external reviews and independent audits
Assist the Lead IT with upgrades to the network by conferring with vendors; developing, testing, evaluating, and installing enhancements
Help Desk & General System Administration
Act as escalation support for the Helpdesk; responsibilities include,
Re-image and configure laptops. Maintain computers asset inventory.
Create documentation for the Helpdesk and end-users.
Maintain, operate the GST help desk software.
Provide end user support including desktops, printers, wireless, and mobile devices for all GST locations. This will be done desk side or by use of remote support software.
Installing and updating software appropriate to the HQ staff requirements.
Software patches, upgrades password monitoring, initialization, resets, etc.
Installing and monitoring security measures/countermeasures.
Troubleshooting hardware and software related problems.
Provide systems administration operations and maintenance support under limited supervision.
Assist with GST's IT enterprise infrastructure support under direct supervision.
Maintenance
Assist with and contribute to the application of OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis, and upgrade administrative tools and utilities. Configure/add new services as necessary.
Assist with periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning.
Maintain data center environmental and monitoring equipment.
Phone (Communication) Support
Responsible for and support GST's internal VOIP telephone system (Vonage). Perform as the initial point of contact for all phone services including vendor and accounts payable activities.
Responsible for the administration, maintenance, and support of GST's mobile phone servicing packages (Verizon). Perform as the initial point of contact for all mobile services including vendor and accounts payable activities.
Facilities Support
Support the Facilities ticketing (bar code) system for tracking GST computer, facility equipment. Coordinate with Accounts Payable for depreciation and end-of-life criteria.
Secondary Duties:
Perform other duties as assigned by manager and the Director of IT.
Required Education/Experience/Skills:
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or related field and 4-6 years of relevant professional experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Certifications with Cyber (InfoSec) Security; White-hat Hacker, etc. highly desired.
Physical Qualification(s) Required:
Ability to lift a minimum of 50 pounds.
Mental Qualification(s) Required:
Must be able to effectively communicate technical information and work status (written and verbal) accurately and reliably to project leads and manager.
Function well in a fast-paced/moderate-high pressure IT environment.
U.S. citizenship or Permanent Residency (Green Card holder) is required.
Selected applicants will be subject to a government background investigation.
GST offers competitive salaries; vacation, sick, and holiday leave; major medical, dental, life, long-term and short-term disability insurance; 401K retirement plan; tuition assistance; and opportunities for employee career growth and development.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veterans' status, sexual orientation and gender identity. GST is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer."	469	Washington
Sr Acquisition Consultant	Client Solution Architects	Washington, DC	None	"CSA is seeking an experienced Senior Acquisition Consultant to join our team supporting our Navy client.

Duties include but are not limited to the following: Provide Defense Business System Program Management expertise to support, guide, and advise program managers and the PEO-EIS Portfolio in successfully accomplishing sustainment program objectives via milestones and acquisition decision events Provide support across the acquisition decision activities as well as create acquisition documentation that requires stakeholder/sponsor input
 Engage and work closely with knowledge management team responsible for maintaining the technical data repository and knowledge management database Provide support translating user requirements into actionable acquisition plans and required acquisition artifacts including PWSs, SOWs, SOOs, and/or contract deliverables Research and analyze IT sustainment acquisition issues. Develop sound recommendations utilizing applicable laws and statutes, Department of Defense/Department of the Navy (DoD/DON) regulations and implementing directives for Business Capability Acquisition Cycle (BCAC) Program documentation requirements for BCAC Programs I thru III, IT Service Management and IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) frameworks, total ownership cost goals, and applicable IT industry standards. Identify and escalate risks in the areas of cost, schedule, budget, performance, and staffing Draft and finalize acquisition documentation, including the Acquisition Strategy (AS) and plans as required; Cost Analysis Requirements Description (CARD); Acquisition Program Baseline (APB); Acquisition Decision enter and exit criteria, and Problem Statements Draft and finalize program milestone/Authority to Proceed (ATP) schedule development to support, guide, and advise PEO-EIS and Program Managers in successfully accomplishing sustainment program objectives via Milestones/ATPs/ Acquisition Decision events Support and participate in acquisition, production, transition, and integration efforts conducted at working group meetings, Integrated Product Teams (IPT) sessions, in-process reviews, and other meetings, prepare meeting materials and briefs and summarize programmatic impacts Excellent writing and communication skills; able to Independently develop and communicate senior-level point papers, briefings, and correspondence, including pre-screening read-ahead and draft executive summaries as requested.
required skills
8+ years of demonstrated experience in DoD Acquisition Management
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university
DAWIA Program Management Level III or Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification
Active DoD Secret clearance
Proficient in Microsoft Office products: Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Applicants may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; an active United States Department of Defense security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.
WE BELIEVE great companies know who they are and what they stand for. CSA’s common purpose and core values were purposefully developed to create a culture focused on unlocking the full potential of our people—so they are inspired to solve our clients’ toughest challenges. It’s no secret, we owe the past 18 years of our success to our outstanding and ambitious team members. To support our hard working team, we offer an environment focused on learning and growth, an awesome benefits package, and opportunities to build a long and successful career.

We are constantly on the hunt for talented, forward-thinking problem solvers with an energetic attitude and a strong work ethic to join our elite team of CSAers.
Be a part of CSA… do great things!
CSA is a Federal Contractor and an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to hr@csaassociates.com. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed. Assistance is reserved for individuals who are requesting a reasonable workplace accommodation. It is not intended for other purposes or inquiries. We’re an equal opportunity employer that empowers our people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status or other protected characteristic.
Federal Equal Opportunity is the Law
Federal Employee Rights under FMLA
Federal Employee Polygraph Protection Act
E-Verify Participation Poster (uscis.gov)
If you are a California resident applying for a job, you consent to our California Job Applicant Privacy Notice.
Notification for current or previously cleared professionals:
Official U.S. Government information appearing in the public domain shall not automatically be considered UNCLASSIFIED or approved for public release. CSA recognizes that information contained in resumes of current or previously cleared professionals may be sensitive, contain potentially proprietary and/or protected information. Protected Information is considered classified, in the process of a classification determination, or unclassified, but protected by statute. Therefore, all resumes should be approved for public release by a U.S. Government Official with Original Classification Authority, prior to posting the resume to CSA’s applicant tracking system.
By submitting my resume, I understand that I am NOT authorized to upload content with Official U.S. Government information that is considered, sensitive, proprietary, or protected."	469	Washington
Senior Program Management Specialist	Client Solution Architects	Arlington, VA	None	"CSA Guidance Consulting is seeking a Senior Program Management Specialist to support our government client.

Duties include but not limited to the following:
Coordinate and assist the Government with monitoring performance and progress against plans, baselines, and requirements.Assist in the identification and resolution of issues impacting program/project cost, schedule,
and performance.Coordinate budget, costing, acquisition, and contract input for program/project cost, schedule and performance estimates and draft work products.Assist in program/project prioritization.Assist in preparation and coordination of internal and external Program Management
Reviews (PMRs) and briefings to provide the Program Manager with a comprehensive view
of the following:
1.Budget execution against current Spend Plan(s)Quarterly work accomplishments and outstanding work
1.Upcoming quarter work efforts
2.Estimates at Completion.
3.Challenges and IssuesPrepare Program/Project senior leadership for external Program management reviews.Assist in Program Management briefing material creation and editing.Consult with Program/Project subject matter experts (SMEs) regarding background
information in support of work activity descriptions and impacts.Create and update guidance related to Program Management processes, roles and
responsibilities, and business rules.Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) development and analysis, including the following:
1.Development of the IMS and the associated processes for validating task, resource, and schedule realism.Maintain a fully resourced baseline IMS that accurately includes milestone dates, predecessor, and successor.


Required Qualifications
8 years of demonstrated experience in DoD Program Management and Acquisition Management for ACAT programs across the acquisition life cycle.
PMP or DAWIA PM Level III or Equivalent Certificate.
Active DoD Secret Clearance
Bachelor’s Degree


Applicants may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; an active United States Department of Defense security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.
WE BELIEVE great companies know who they are and what they stand for. CSA’s common purpose and core values were purposefully developed to create a culture focused on unlocking the full potential of our people—so they are inspired to solve our clients’ toughest challenges. It’s no secret, we owe the past 18 years of our success to our outstanding and ambitious team members. To support our hard working team, we offer an environment focused on learning and growth, an awesome benefits package, and opportunities to build a long and successful career.

We are constantly on the hunt for talented, forward-thinking problem solvers with an energetic attitude and a strong work ethic to join our elite team of CSAers.
Be a part of CSA… do great things!
CSA is a Federal Contractor and an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to hr@csaassociates.com. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed. Assistance is reserved for individuals who are requesting a reasonable workplace accommodation. It is not intended for other purposes or inquiries. We’re an equal opportunity employer that empowers our people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status or other protected characteristic.
Federal Equal Opportunity is the Law
Federal Employee Rights under FMLA
Federal Employee Polygraph Protection Act
E-Verify Participation Poster (uscis.gov)
If you are a California resident applying for a job, you consent to our California Job Applicant Privacy Notice.
Notification for current or previously cleared professionals:
Official U.S. Government information appearing in the public domain shall not automatically be considered UNCLASSIFIED or approved for public release. CSA recognizes that information contained in resumes of current or previously cleared professionals may be sensitive, contain potentially proprietary and/or protected information. Protected Information is considered classified, in the process of a classification determination, or unclassified, but protected by statute. Therefore, all resumes should be approved for public release by a U.S. Government Official with Original Classification Authority, prior to posting the resume to CSA’s applicant tracking system.
By submitting my resume, I understand that I am NOT authorized to upload content with Official U.S. Government information that is considered, sensitive, proprietary, or protected."	469	Washington
Financial Analyst, III	FHI 360	Washington, DC 20009 (Adams Morgan area)	None	"Job Summary:
This position will support a number of current and future projects in the Global Education portfolio. The Financial Analyst, III will work closely with the finance director, operations team and program managers in ensuring the timely completion of both internal and external finance tasks. The Financial Analyst, III will also support operations and program tasks as required throughout the Global Education portfolio of projects. This role will be responsible for communicating with high-level staff, field offices and external stakeholders.
General Tasks: Coordinates financial/accounting operations, including overall financial monitoring and support/guidance to Country Office and project staff, to ensure the fiscal well- being of the projects. Provides financial management, conducts analyses of financial data, provides budget analyses for project funds, and prepares required reports to funding agencies to ensure compliance with the donor's requirements. Oversees sub award management and responds to inquiries; support the grants manager in preparing, tracking and monitoring large grants program. Analyzes financial data and reports to determine accuracy and completeness. Works with operations and programs team to support travel, consultant and procurement processes as needed. Supports Business Development teams in developing, tracking and updating budgets. Compiles data and prepares financial reports. Reviews and processes final cost objective requests. Provides analysis and business modeling support on strategic initiatives for management and field operations. Works directly with the Finance Director and Finance Team on monthly, quarterly and annual deliverables. Responsible for analyzing performance trends, modeling complex business decisions, tracking performance and presenting results.
Accountabilities:
Has basic knowledge of applicable financial and accounting statutes and regulations; specifically experience with USAID and USG programs
Interprets and applies laws, analyzes information, and evaluates the impact of policies, procedures and practices.
Work includes accumulating data, summarizing information into presentable reports/forms, and discerning valid from invalid data comparisons.
Reviews and inputs financial data and final cost objectives, account information into accounting software systems
Analyzes, reviews, and distributes financial reports to ensure accuracy.
Supports multiple teams, able to multi-task roles across finance, program and operations, supporting administrative teams, managing processes and generally working with program teams to ensure tasks are completed in a timely and efficient manner.
Knowledge of financial and operational systems; ability to strategically engage processes, adapt and improve them
Provides support for field programs by conducting trainings on financial systems and processes as needed.
Works with regional staff to help them understand and improve financial processes and systems as needed
Monitors Country Offices cash flows and fund transfers by processing cash account analysis
Reviews sub recipient financial reports by reconciling US based sub recipients with the General Ledger accounts; tracking grantees, monitoring financials and communicating any necessary changes.
Assists with startup, on-going management and closeout of grantees and subs
Responsible for interpreting, analyzing and/or evaluating data, ensures compliance with applicable state and federal statutes, and uses Generally Accepted Accounting Procedures (GAAP).
Supports cost share processes, monitoring and reporting as needed; works closely with the costshare team to track targets and manage new opportunities
Has in-depth technical and administrative knowledge and is able to defend analyses to management.
Education:
Bachelor's Degree or its International Equivalent.
Experience:
8+ Years of progressively responsible financial analysis and pricing experience in a government contracting environment
Strong communications skills in English both oral and written form required; excellent communication skillset that allows relationship building both internally and externally.
Substantial experience using computerized information systems
Advanced skills in Excel and other data management software; ability to organize, simplify and manage large data-sets to provide summary data to management
Demonstrated team experience in finance or accounting department preferred
Experience with USAID and USG programs preferred
Typical Physical Demands:
Typical office environment.
Ability to sit and stand for extended periods of time.
Ability to lift 5-50 lbs.
Technology to be Used:
Personal Computer, Microsoft Office (i.e. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.), e-mail, telephone, printer, calculator, copier, cell phones, PDAs and other hand held devices.
Travel Requirements:
Less than 10%
This job posting summarizes the main duties of the job. It neither prescribes nor restricts the exact tasks that may be assigned to carry out these duties. This document should not be construed in any way to represent a contract of employment. Management reserves the right to review and revise this document at any time.
FHI 360 is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer whereby we do not engage in practices that discriminate against any person employed or seeking employment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law."	469	Washington
Consultant - Federal Acquisition	Censeo Consulting Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Position Overview
Position Description:
We are seeking an Federal Acquisition Consultant to join our team. In the role you will provide innovative business strategies, agile procurement solutions, and work with the team to develop and implement the agency procurement policy/processes and provide consulting support to the Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services, FCC, Department of State, or other Censeo clients.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree required
3+ years of experience providing strategic sourcing and procurement consulting support in the public sector
4+ years of experience supporting complex federal acquisitions for a program office; project management and/or Contracting Officer background a plus
Professional certification preferred (CPCM, CFCM, and/or DAWIA/FAC-C III)
Possess knowledge of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), agency-specific regulations, and be knowledgeable of acquisition streamlining initiatives and reforms
Strong understanding of various acquisition approaches and ability to formulate analyses and create comprehensive documentation
Demonstrated performance developing pricing and negotiation positions across fixed price, cost reimbursement, and time-and-materials contract types
Excellent verbal communication and writing skills
Ability to work independently and in a team on complex acquisitions
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite of tools, to include SharePoint
Responsibilities:
Provides acquisition lifecycle planning and execution support to a high-visibility program group within a major HHS component agency
Demonstrates knowledge of major acquisition lifecycle environments for strategy development and associated best practices
Applies knowledge of federal procurement principles, policies, procedures, and standards to implement programmatic requirements
Ensures on-time completion of task deliverables and activities such as developing SOWs/PWSs, IGCEs, market research, RFPs, project and operational plans, and process improvements
Delivers expert advisory support to government senior executives, program managers, CORs, and division managers regarding the acquisition lifecycle
Serves as a liaison between the program and acquisition offices on all matters of complex, high-dollar procurements
Performs on a team as an individual contributor with a proactive approach to project management
Position Particulars:
This is an exempt, full-time position
Location: Washington D.C.
About Censeo:
Censeo Consulting Group, a management consulting firm, is an advisor and partner to management teams who lead some of the largest and most complex organizations in the world. Our key areas of expertise include operations improvement, acquisition strategy, organization effectiveness, and IT strategy with a strong Federal footprint.

Censeo is rapidly growing and has been recognized for our unique approach, culture, and values:
2020 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2019 Ivy Exec #7 Overall Boutique Consulting Firm and #6 Top Consulting Firms for Culture
2018 Consulting Magazine Best Small Firms to Work For
2017 Vault #12 Best Boutique Consulting Firm
2016 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2015 Washington Business Journal’s Philanthropy List
Censeo is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal opportunity to all applicants and employees in full compliance with all applicable state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, gender, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other class protected by applicable state or federal law.

vfkVvmEhvc"	469	Washington
Systems Analyst Advisor - TS/SCI - Springfield, VA or Tampa FL	General Dynamics Information Technology	Springfield, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
Systems Analyst Advisor
Top Secret/SCI
Springfield, VA or Tampa, FL
Please take this opportunity to join one of GDIT’s fastest long-standing growing programs! US Battlefield Information Collection and Exploitation System eXtended (US BICES-X) is a cutting edge program supporting DoD intelligence information sharing on current and emerging global threats to mission and coalition partners and emerging nations. With an internationally dispersed team supporting each combatant command, the US BICES-X team is in direct support of the war fighter and their missions. We are seeking a creative and driven professional with a passion for solving real world issues on a cross-functional, fast paced team.
Responsibilities:
Analyzes information from system users and develops solutions that meet the scope and objectives of the system along with addressing system needs. Exercises independent judgement and works with very limited supervision.
Conducts complex form design and layout activities.
Performs preparation of systems specifications.
Uses advanced knowledge to develop technical documentation to guide system users and to assist with the ongoing operation, maintenance and development of systems.
Performs detailed analysis and systems designs with great autonomy.
May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.
May serve as team or task lead. (Not a people manager)
Work with team members, decision makers, and stakeholders to define business requirements and systems goals, and to identify and resolve business systems issues.
Participate in all Systems-related meetings and/or discussions with team members and stakeholders.
Provides input for documentation on new or existing systems.
Ensure the processing of customer requirements is directed and facilitated to the proper functional group.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned.
Participates in special projects as assigned.
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
5+ years of experience.
BA/BS Degree – may substitute additional years of experience
Must be capable of obtaining and maintaining a Top Secret/SCI Security Clearance.
Must meet DOD 8750 requirements and be eligible for IAM level II access upon hire for positions with elevated privileges and must obtain ITIL V4 Foundation within six months of hire.
Ability to work in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment and multi-task while still ensuring high quality of work
Highly organized with strong ability to prioritize work and work autonomously.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Great attention to detail and presentation.
Results driven, highly efficient, energetic and highly motivated.
Must possess a high degree of intelligence, competence, maturity, adaptability, resilience, integrity and initiative
The work is typically performed at client site locations, which requires proper safety precautions; work may require some physical effort in the handling of light materials, boxes or equipment.
Preferred Qualifications:
eMASS
Risk Management Framework (RMF)
IAM II or IAM III
Familiarity of DevOPS, systems integration and continuous monitoring strategies
Working knowledge of DoD and NIST security publications
Desired Certifications:
CASP, CISM, GSLC or CISSP
For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
#dpost #cjobs #cjpost #isdcj #GDITRecruiter #BICES
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Network Operations Manager	CTEC	Washington, DC	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 22 years. We are currently looking for a Network Operations Manager to join our team.

Duties and Responsibilities:

A network operations manager’s responsibilities include managing all aspects of network operations center, management of connectivity, network performance, maintaining network software configurations, managing the distribution of patches and software releases as needed, network and system trouble shooting, monitoring tools, alarm conditions as well as escalation processes and procedures, leading and defining the process of troubleshooting and participating in change management and root cause analysis and interfacing with field operations, engineering team, equipment vendors, and network service providers. A network operations manager is responsible for recruiting the technical staff and has to ensure that the team works in compliance with the company’s policy and procedures, Manage day-to-day activities of network operations team responsible for all aspect of maintaining a distributed network, including preventative maintenance, fault isolation, equipment installation and project, manage connectivity, network performance and timely outage resolution
Depth knowledge of Remedy/change-management systems

Work Experience:

10+ years Network Operations Center for large, Federal Government networks

Education:

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience (4 years on the job) in an Information Technology (IT) related field

Clearance Requirements:

Eligibility to obtain and maintain Secret Clearance

Communication Skills:

Exceptional customer service—good oral and written communication skills
Proficiently read, write, and understand the English language

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position. Cybermedia Technologies share a passion for delivering ethical service, innovation, and a commitment to results. Cybermedia Technologies is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying its workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets). Please note: Candidate(s) may be required to go through pre-employment screening."	469	Washington
Systems Administrator III	ValidaTek	McLean, VA 22102	None	ValidaTek, Inc. is an award-winning Small Business that provides high-security mission-critical IT services to the Federal Government. Our commitment to excellence in service delivery has resulted in dramatic growth and an expanding client base that includes several U.S. Federal Departments. The corporate infrastructure is robust and based on industry best practices as evidenced by our DCAA Approved accounting system, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 20000-1:2011, and ISO 27001:2013 certifications, and CMMI Level 5 for Services (CMMI-SVC Level 5) and CMMI Level 5 for Development (CMMI-DEV Level 5) appraisals. We pride ourselves in being the best and only attracting and retaining the best talent to fuel our rapid growth. We promote a strong employee-focused corporate culture that provides a diverse, prosperous and rewarding place to work. We provide our employees with competitive benefits, educational assistance, and career growth opportunities. Every employee is valued for their contributions and we all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company.Position Description: The Level 3 System Administrator provides Operations & Maintenance (O&M) support for cloud-based systems. The Level 3 Systems Administrator reports to the Project Manager and supports the operations team ensuring system availability, reliability, maintenance, and security of the production environment. The Level 3 Systems Administrator also works with the development team to resolve system issues. The Level 3 Systems Administrator must be able to act independently, be forward-thinking, and adhere to established processes and procedures.Responsible for installing, configuring, and maintaining operating system workstations and servers, including web servers, in support of business processing requirements.​Deal with escalation issues from the Help Desk involving systems.​Performs software installations and upgrades to operating systems and layered software packages.​Schedules installations and upgrades and maintains them in accordance with established IT policies and procedures.​Monitors and tunes the system to achieve optimum performance levels.​Develops and promotes standard operating procedures.​Conducts routine hardware and software audits of virtual hosts and virtual servers to ensure compliance with established standards, policies, and configuration guidelines.​Develops and maintains a comprehensive operating system hardware and software configuration database/library of all supporting documentation.​Implement operating system enhancements that will improve the reliability and performance of systems.Responsible for maintaining security posture of all systems.Position Requirements/Qualifications: The Level III Systems Administrator - shall meet one or more of the following requirements. Validatek does not expect a single individual to be knowledgeable in all areas:Education and CertificationsBS/BA in related field preferred5+ years of Systems Administration experience.ITIL v3 Foundations Certification PreferredVMware Certified Professional (VCP) 5.5 or 6.0Microsoft Certified System Engineer (MCSE) or equivalentSignificant experience in using Microsoft SCCMClearance (minimum Secret Clearance)Knowledge and ExperienceExperience with AWS Cloud principles and practices is a must.Experience managing Microsoft Active Directory to include implementation of GPOs to support the implementation of STIG settings on Windows servers\desktops, to include file and print services, DNS, Domain Controllers, application servers, and other Windows systems.Experience with Windows migrations and Active Directory upgrades.Managing Windows systems, including Windows 10, Windows Server 2016, to include 2012/2016 STIG deployment.Building, configuring, and managing Microsoft Windows servers in multi-tenant enterprise environments.Experience with Enterprise Backup software.Harden Windows operating systems to STIG compliance.Experience managing Microsoft Clustering ServicesExperience managing Active Directory architecture and replication in a multi domain environment.Experience with Active Directory design.Building, configuring, and managing servers in AWS.Experience working McAfee, Splunk, Nagios, Nessus, Bitbucket, and PuppetExperience Adminstrating Jira and Conflunce is a plusStrong Experience utilizing Shell scripting and PowerShell to manage systems and automate common functions.Experience with Office 365 experience.Applicants who are selected for employment will be required to verify authorization to work in the United States.ValidaTek is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:VMWare: 5 years (Preferred)Linux: 5 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	469	Washington
Security Controls Assessor III	ManTech International Corporation	Arlington, VA	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Security Control Assessor III to join our team at the Pentagon.
The SCA is responsible for conducting a comprehensive assessment of the management, operational, and technical security controls employed within or inherited by an IS to determine the overall effectiveness of the controls (i.e., the extent to which the controls are implemented correctly, operating as intended, and producing the desired outcome with respect to meeting the security requirements for the system). SCAs also provide an assessment of the severity of weaknesses or deficiencies discovered in the IS and its environment of operation and recommend corrective actions to address identified vulnerabilities. Responsibilities will cover Collateral, Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) and Special Access Program (SAP) activities within the customer’s area of responsibility.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to
Perform oversight of the development, implementation and evaluation of IS security program policy; special emphasis placed upon integration of existing SAP network infrastructure
Perform assessment of ISs, based upon the Risk Management Framework (RMF) methodology in accordance with the Joint Special Access Program (SAP) Implementation Guide (JSIG)
Advise the Information System Owner (ISO), Information Data Owner (IDO), Program Security Officer (PSO), and the Delegated and/or Authorizing Official (DAO/AO) on any assessment and authorization issues
Evaluate Authorization packages and make recommendation to the AO and/or DAO for authorization
Evaluate IS threats and vulnerabilities to determine whether additional safeguards are required
Advise the Government concerning the impact levels for Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability for the information on a system
Ensure security assessments are completed and results documented and prepare the Security Assessment Report (SAR) for the Authorization boundary
Initiate a Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) with identified weaknesses for each Authorization Boundaries assessed, based on findings and recommendations from the SAR
Evaluate security assessment documentation and provide written recommendations for security authorization to the Government
Discuss recommendation for authorization and submit the security authorization package to the AO/DAO
Assess proposed changes to Authorization boundaries operating environment and mission needs to determine the continuation to operate.
Review and concur with all sanitization and clearing procedures in accordance with Government guidance and/or policy
Assist the Government compliance inspections
Assist the Government with security incidents that relate to cybersecurity and ensure that the proper and corrective measures have been taken
Ensure organization are addressing and conducting all phases of the system development life cycle (SDLC)
Evaluate Hardware and Software to determine security impact that it might have on Authorization boundaries
Evaluate the effectiveness and implementation of Continuous Monitoring Plans
Evaluate the differences and have a working knowledge of Information Systems and Network Appliances operating at Protection Level 3 (PL3) and Protection Level 4 (PL4)
Differentiate the differences between the various types of Cross-Domain Solutions (CDS)
Assist with joint assessments of Cross-Domain Solutions with other DoD agencies
Basic Qualifications:
9 - 12 years related experience
Minimum of nine (9) years’ experience in SAP, SCI or Collateral Information Systems (IS) Security and the implementation of regulations identified in the description of duties.
Prior performance in the role of ISSO and ISSM or SCA
Bachelor’s degree in a related discipline or equivalent experience (4 years)
Must meet position and certification requirements outlined in DoD Directive 8570.01-M for Information Assurance Technician Level III or Information Assurance Manager Level III or Information Assurance Architect and Engineer Level I within 6 months of the date of hire
Preferred Qualifications:
Must have expert knowledge of DoD, National and applicable service and agency security policy, manuals and standards Must have the ability to work in a dynamic environment and effectively interact with numerous DOD, military/civilian personnel and industry partners
Mastery of Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel
Security Clearance:
Current Top Secret Clearance with SCI Eligibility
Eligibility for access to Special Access Program Information
Willingness to submit to a Counterintelligence polygraph
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Task Manager III	Peraton	Greenbelt, MD	None	"Peraton is a critical partner to the Intelligence Community, Department of Defense, and select federal agencies and commercial entities, providing innovative, reliable solutions to the nation’s most sensitive and mission-critical programs and systems. We are recognized as a trusted provider of highly differentiated space, intelligence, cyber, defense, homeland security, and communications capabilities.
Peraton is a mission integrator, focused on cyber tools development, secure network engineering, spectrum management, and delivering quick reaction solutions from the lab to the field. Our team partners with Defense agencies and the Intelligence Community on a variety of critical missions.
Peraton supports national security decision makers across all operational regimes of air, land sea, space and cyberspace. Our scientific discovery and research empower our employees and help our government keep America and our allies secure. We solve our nation’s toughest challenges by sharing our technical innovation and groundbreaking insights. All of this is possible due to the human insight and ingenuity of our most important asset, our employees.
We have an exciting opportunity for a Task Manager III to support our unique customer in Greenbelt, MD. This position requires an active Secret security clearance.
The purpose of this contract is to acquire engineering services for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for ground systems and mission operations support (GSMO-3) in all phases of a mission life cycle. The scope encompasses concept studies, design, development, integration, test, verification, operations, and sustainment of mission operations systems and subsystems, and operations processes and procedures.
Applies specialized knowledge of primary technical discipline, e.g., aerospace, mechanical, electrical, computer science to support research, planning, development, design, analysis, production, maintenance, and operation of devices, equipment, complex systems, or processes;
Design activities generally involve customer specifications, constraints, operating environments, and autonomous, unattended operation;
State-of-the-art product development activities may require modification and extension of existing methods and may require advanced techniques and/or tools.
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering (e.g. Aerospace, Electrical, Electronic, Optics, Mechanical);
At least 5 years of related experience;
Requires broad knowledge of several fields and extensive knowledge of own specialty Manages a segment of the organization's technical operations such as Satellite Operations, Software Systems, Logistics and Quality in compliance with established policies and procedures. Provides technical direction to staff and monitors performance to ensure compliance with contract. Participates in developing, interpreting, and implementing policies and procedures for the organization. Organizes project and task workloads and selects individuals most qualified for assignments on specific projects.
Ensures employee conformance to established practices and proper training of staff. Prepares reports and audits current procedures to monitor efficiency of operations.
Eligible for Secret Clearance
Desired Qualifications
Basic understanding of satellites and ground systems concepts through experience or education
Technical Documentation Skills
Oral and written presentation skills
Active Secret Clearance
Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the world’s leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the can’t be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law."	469	Washington
Project Engineer - Sorting Equipment	MBA CSI	Fairfax, VA 22031	$25 - $41 an hour	"MBA Consulting Services, Inc. (MBA) is a federal government IT systems integrator committed to delivering solutions that solve mission challenges with agility, experience, and innovation. As a mission-focused integrator, we provide a comprehensive range of information technology, engineering, professional services, and facilities management solutions. We have proven expertise in delivering custom data analytics, digital services, systems engineering, human factor engineering, and infrastructure solutions.MBA is headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia, has more than 350 employees, and is in 46 locations worldwide. With proven leadership and a 20-year heritage, our reputation has been forged by acquiring and developing the best talent in a values-driven culture of integrity, respect, and quality solutions.The Project Engineer III will support the Delivery and Mobile Technology organization within the US Government Client. The job requires an engineer to support new package sorting technologies. Will also be responsible for resolving issues associated with equipment performance challenges as well as those associated with the integration of mechanical, computer and electronic engineering disciplines.Essential Functions:Performs engineering design evaluations and works to complete projects within budget and scheduling restraintsReviews industry policies and procedures to ensure data accuracy, security, and regulatory complianceReviews reports of production, malfunction, and maintenance to determine or address problemsProvides technical support for the engineering process. Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular fieldRelies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goalsPerforms a variety of tasks. Works under general supervision; typically reports to a supervisor or managerWorks in a team environment, with internal US Government Client members, and Supplier resourcesA certain degree of creativity and latitude is requiredEducation and Experience:Bachelor's degree in area of specialty5-7 years of experience in the field or a related specialtyExperience using MS Office Suite software (Word, Excel, and Access) and specialized softwareWorks under immediate supervisionTypically reports to a managerAdditional Requirements:Candidate must be able to sit, stand and work at a computer for prolonged periodsStrong mathematical and analytical skillsAbility to work flexible hours when neededMust be able to pass a pre-employment background check & drug test""MBA CSi is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. Women, Minorities, Veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.”#INDHPJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $25.00 - $41.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"	469	Washington
Senior Policy Advisor	Native American Finance Offices Association (NAFOA)	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	Senior Policy Advisor JOB TITLE: Senior Policy Advisor CLASSIFICATION:  Full-time; exemptWORK ENVIRONMENT:  Home office located in Washington DC area required; some required travelREPORTING:  Reports to Board of Directors and Executive DirectorABOUT NAFOA NAFOA is a national non-profit organization (“Organization” or “NAFOA”) providing leadership for the advancement of independent and culturally-vibrant American Indian and Alaska Native communities by promoting excellence in financial management, advocating sound economic and fiscal policy, developing innovative education initiatives, and providing essential information, resources, and support to meet the challenges of economic growth and change.POSITION OVERVIEW Under the direction of the Executive Director or such other position as the Executive Director may designate from time-to-time, the Senior Policy Advisor (“SPA”) is responsible for both managing and supervising the legislative policy practice areas of NAFOA’s operation.As a manager the SPA will make essential decisions that affect all aspects of NAFOA’s legislative policy practice area, including the formulation, development and advocacy of federal Native American policies in the fields of tax, finance, investment, banking, infrastructure, and common sectors such as energy, gaming, and government contracting, as well as issues related to land use, among others.As a supervisor the SPA will supervise the subordinate policy specialist positions currently titled, “Senior Policy Specialist” and “Policy Specialist,” and such other positions as assigned or directed by the Executive director.In addition to his or her supervisory duties, the SPA will participate in researching and advising NAFOA on legislative policy matters impacting Indian Country including, but not limited to tax, finance, investment, banking, infrastructure, and common sectors such as energy, gaming, and government contracting, as well as issues related to land use.POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Manage NAFOA’s policy practice area.Supervise NAFOA’s policy practice area.Direct, supervise and manage the activities of individuals holding the positions of Policy Specialist, Economic Policy Specialist, and such other personnel as the Executive Director may assign or direct from time-to-time.Work with the NAFOA Director of Operations to recruit, screen, interview, hire, onboard, train, and evaluate individuals for the positions of Senior Policy Specialist, Policy Specialist, and such other personnel as the Executive Director may assign or direct from time-to-time; all subject to final approval by the Executive Director or his or her designee.Remain current regarding major legislative actions, events, key issues, and legislation and other written status reports on key federal issues and legislation that arise from time-to-time, all as related to Indian country and Indian affairs generally.Consistently and persistently develop and maintain personal relationships with members of Congress and/or their respective staffs in the Washington D.C. area.Monitor federal legislative activities that are germane to Indian country generally, and NAFOA’s Members specifically; with an emphasis on activities that affect all aspects of economic development in Indian country; and have a potential impact on NAFOA’s Mission and Purpose.Communicate directly with elected representatives of the House of Representatives, the Senate, Congressional committees and their respective staff members, as well as with staff members of the various federal and non-federal agencies with Native American-related programs, regarding relevant current and future federal policies, issues, grant opportunities, and regulations.Attend, participate in, and/or testify at Congressional hearings, meetings and similar events as needed and appropriate.Consistently and persistently develop and maintain personal relationships with leaders of NAFOA Member tribes, and thought leaders of prominence in Indian country.Attend and help organize policy activities such as hearings, congressional briefings, and other Hill activities.Legislation.− Analyze and/or draft legislative, administrative policy proposals on economic and political grounds for internal NAFOA use.− Generate ideas for legislation, including providing advice and analysis to the Executive Director on the economic and political prospects for various ideas and proposals either originating within the organization or presented by others, including potential legislation or regulatory action.− Write speeches, memoranda, policy position papers, talking points, and similar materials to introduce new legislation to entities like a committee, legislature (e.g., U.S. Congress or state legislature), and/or a Tribal council.− Critically identify and analyze policy documents relevant to NAFOA and its Members; and assist in developing advocacy strategies in anticipation or response.− Provide assistance in the development of NAFOA's federal legislative program prior to the beginning of each calendar year.Stay abreast of, analyze and advise the Executive Director regarding legal cases that impact economic development in Indian Country.Advise NAFOA member tribe leaders and Councils, when requested, on potential pathways to achieve NAFOA’s goals with respect to improving economic growth and opportunity in Indian Country.Dissemination and Application of Professional Expertise.− Summarize and present technical policy information in a manner that others, including NAFOA team members, can understand.− Act as a policy and legislative advisor to others to facilitate educating the tribal community at large about economic matters and legislative initiatives.− Liaise with relevant stakeholders to facilitate implementation of NAFOA’s policy and legislative recommendations and initiatives.− Use experience and expertise to support the educational outreach efforts of NAFOA team members, Member Tribes, students participating in NAFOA educational outreach programs, and relevant others in Indian country at large.Media and Public Relations.− May be asked to answer questions about legislation for reporters, legislative committee members or other legislative staff.− As directed, may meet with NAFOA members, non-profits, agencies or lobbyists to discuss a current or future bill or policy position.− Drafting correspondence, as directed.− Work closely and effectively with the NAFOA public affairs team on achieving its strategic goals.Maintain a level of awareness and knowledge of NAFOA programs, activities and policies necessary to conduct all of the above.REQUIRED SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE, AND ABILITIES Strong working knowledge of Native American culture and the economic policy issues impacting tribal governments. Experience in tribal government operations or understanding tribal governments a plus.Superior communication skills both orally and writing in an effective, organized, professional, and timely manner; including authorship, editing, and proofreading.Attention to detail, accuracy, and deadlines.Strong organizational skills to handle multiple overlapping projects.Ability to effectively work in an environment where interaction with NAFOA team members is primarily through email, texting, telephone, and other distance communications methodologies.Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and prioritize while working under multiple deadlines.Excellent problem solving and negotiation skills;Ability to effectively collect, analyze, organize, distill, and present information.Ability to represent NAFOA in a professional manner.Capacity to undertake work with minimum supervision.QUALIFICATIONS Advanced degree preferred (law, CPA or MBA) or experience may be substituted for education in the primary areas required for this role (e.g., research, policy, business management, finance, or equivalent).Five (5) years of experience in the general topic area of federal Indian policy. Prior government or industry experience may be substituted for direct policy experience.Availability and willingness to travel as necessary.Possess advanced writing skills and the ability to summarize detailed policy issues into easy to read and understood documents. Ability to proofread and edit.WORK HOURS This is a Forty (40) hours per calendar week position, fifty-two (52) weeks per calendar year; provided, however, during the time periods leading up to, during, and immediately following NAFOA conferences and similar events, involvement up to Sixty (60) hours per week will be required.COMPENSATION Annual Salary: Negotiable based on experience and skill set related to the qualifications stated.WORK ENVIRONMENT SPA must live in the greater Washington D.C area.Work from a home office and meet with NAFOA staff and partners in person as directed. Domestic travel is required for conferences, client relationship building, and staff meetings.TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT Position holder must be available during the workday via instant messenger, email, phone, Skype, Facetime, conference calls, web conferencing, and/or other similar methods of communication as may be available and used by NAFOA in the future.Employment at NAFOA is on an “at-will” basis, for no definite period, and may regardless of the date or method of payment of wages or salary, be terminated at any time with or without cause, and with or without notice. Position holder can terminate employment with NAFOA at any time with or without cause, and with or without notice. Other than NAFOA’s Executive Director, no supervisor, director, or other person, irrespective of title or position, has authority to alter the at-will status of position holder’s employment or enter into any employment contract for a definite period of time with position holder. Any agreement with position holder altering position holder’s at-will employment status must be in writing and signed by position holder and NAFOA’s Executive Director.REMOTE OFFICE LOCATION _Home Office Generally __ _ This position offers the flexibility inherent in working from home. To offer this benefit NAFOA expects and considers it to be a job requirement that the SPA create a workspace (“home office”) in his/her dwelling conducive to performing his/her duties on behalf of NAFOA.The SPA is responsible for (i) basic office furniture costs, (ii) the rent and utilities of the home attributable to the office, and (iii) other general supplies to perform the work._Phone and Internet __ _ The success of this position is founded on the use of the Internet and the telephone.Consequently:NAFOA will provide the SPA with a cellphone and laptop computer for his/her use at home or travel, and an external hard drive to be used for backing-up all NAFOA related files of any nature and type.‒ SPA shall provide the Executive Director or his/her designee the user name(s) and passcode(s) for all telephonic, computer, printing, copying, scanning, faxing and/or similar equipment and application programs, websites and all other user name and/or passcode access controlled sites related to any and all NAOFA provided equipment and/or software at the time any such information is first established or changed. This provision of access-related information shall be a continuous and ongoing duty; and essential job function.The SPA may use the NAFOA provided cellphone for personal use that does not cause any additional charges to NAFOA. Outgoing messages or voicemail messages must clearly and professionally indicate the Senior Policy Advisor's role with NAFOA and the ability for someone to leave a message for the Senior Policy Advisor in this capacity.The SPA will be responsible for backing up his/her computer files at least once a calendar month on the hard drive that NAFOA provides, and storing that hard drive in a safe place. In addition, the SPA will have a NAFOA email account that automatically receives and forwards all emails sent from or received by the SPA’s NAFOA email address. Periodically and at least quarterly, the SPA must send him/herself and his/her supervisor a compressed file of his/her NAFOA hard drive to his/her respective NAFOA email accounts, that will serve as a backup in case of a local disaster.NAFOA’s remote working office environment is functional thanks to many tools and protocols the Organization has adopted. This position requires regular communication with the Executive Director or other Executive Director designee(s), fellow colleagues and NAFOA staff, NAFOA Partners, member Tribes, suppliers, vendors, consultants, contractors, and others via email, telephone, conference calls, web conferencing, website posting, blogs, wiki participation, and instant messaging; as well as other forms of communication which may become available in the future.As part of the SPA’s employment with NAFOA, the SPA will need to become familiar and comfortable with using these communication options in order to facilitate an effective working environment for all.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftCOVID-19 considerations:Federal mask mandates will be followed if any appointments are made in the DC area with legislators and their staff.Application Question(s):Experience with Native American tribes is extremely important. Please describe your experience in this area.What is your salary expectations?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Governmental accounting: 3 years (Required)Legislative policy: 5 years (Required)Economic policy: 5 years (Required)Native American culture: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	469	Washington
Desktop Engineer (ISD Engineer II/III)	Navy Federal Credit Union	Vienna, VA 22180	None	"YOUR LIFE'S MISSION: POSSIBLE

You have goals, dreams, hobbies and things you’re passionate about.
What’s Important to You Is Important to Us
We’re looking for people who not only want to do meaningful, challenging work, keep their skills sharp and move ahead, but who also take time for the things that matter to them—friends, family and passions. And we're looking for team members who are passionate about our mission—making a difference in military members' and their families' lives. Together, we can make it happen.
Don’t take our word for it.
FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®
Computerworld® Best Places to Work in IT
FORTUNE® Best Workplaces for Millennials
Forbes® America’s Best Employers
IND123

Basic Purpose

To create, test, and publish software application packages intended for automated distribution throughout the enterprise desktop environment. To provide engineering and technical support for projects. Develop and maintain working knowledge of evolving desktop software packaging technologies, concepts, and trends.

Basic Responsibilities

Perform engineering tasks and project assignments in support of business needsPerform engineering technology research, procurement, deployment, and configuration for new and modified systemsPresent clear, organized and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effective business decisionsWork on projects of varied scopeDevelop and maintain internal engineering documentationOn-call rotation on a 10 week cycleAdhere to internal process and detailed procedures to support engineering functionsParticipate in small project and ad hoc tasksTier III support responsibilities for 17,000+ customers and 23,000+ desktop end-pointsPresent clear, organized and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effectivebusiness decisionsPerform other duties as assigned

Required Qualifications:

Knowledge with concepts and technologies for application software packaging and distributionStrong desktop administration and troubleshooting skillsWillingness to learn new system functions and concepts related to desktop software packagingStrong PowerShell Scripting skills to resolve specific desktop problemsGeneral understanding of how SCCM functions and apply sound troubleshooting techniquesEffective communication and documentation skills in order to write technical and end-user documentationEffective organizational, planning and time management skillsEffective research, analytical, and problem solving skillsEffective skill exercising initiative and using good judgment to make sound decisionsEffective ability to exercise initiative, produce desired results, and achieve objectivesProven skillset in troubleshooting and resolving desktop software application defectsCapable of working on multiple projects and adapting to frequent changing requirements, priorities, and procedures

Desired Qualifications:

Can provide technical guidance in software engineering techniques and automated support tools.Strong understanding and working experience with Windows desktop platforms, Win7/Win10Strong knowledge of packaging tools such as Flexara AdminStudio. Install Shield and Microsoft App-V Sequencer, App-LayeringStrong knowledge of System System Configuration Manager 2012Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Information Technology or the equivalent combination of training and work experience

Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 4:30pm

Locations:
820 Follin Lane, Vienna, VA 22180
5550 Heritage Oaks Drive, Pensacola, FL 32526
141 Security Drive, Winchester, VA 22602

Saraly range: - $74,100 - $139,400

*Due to COVID-19 and social distancing, this position will be temporarily working from home with plans to return to campus at the desired location listed once Navy Federal is back to normal operations. The specific logistics for returning to campus will be determined at a future date by individual leadership*

Equal Employment Opportunity

Navy Federal values, celebrates, and enacts diversity in the workplace. Navy Federal takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans. EOE/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability

Disclaimer

Navy Federal reserves the right to fill this role at a higher/lower grade level based on business need. An assessment may be required to compete for this position.

Bank Secrecy Act

Remains cognizant of and adheres to Navy Federal policies and procedures, and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act."	469	Washington
Project Manager III	Peraton	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.

Qualifications

Requires BA/BS with 10 years of experience with at least 4 years of management level responsibility. Incumbent has specialized knowledge in at least one area of expertise and a general knowledge in 1-2 other areas.
TS/SCI w/Polygraph

Responsibilities

Responsible for the performance of relatively small technical projects or a definable portion of a larger technical program in accordance with contract requirements and company policies, procedures and guidelines. Directs and supervises all support resources for the performance of project assignments and activities. Manages the technical direction of a project through the design, implementation, and testing in accordance with project objectives. Also responsible for acquiring follow-on business associated with assigned projects and for supporting new business development by leading relatively small proposals or assisting with major proposals. Responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provides a single point of contact for those projects. Takes projects from original concept through final implementation. Interfaces with all areas affected by the project including end users, computer services, and client services. Defines project scope and objectives. Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Conducts project meetings and is responsible for project tracking and analysis. Ensures adherence to quality standards and reviews project deliverables. Manages the integration of vendor tasks and tracks and reviews vendor deliverables. Provides technical and analytical guidance to project team. Recommends and takes action to direct the analysis and solutions of problems. May assist in the management of a business unit or department or is at an entry level in management of such under the close supervision of the Division or Program Director. Manages one or more programs. May supervise professional and technical personnel performing in their regular disciplines. May participate in the development and execution of budgets, sales and marketing plans and other strategic tools. Participates in driving initiatives for achieving established objectives. May serve as the primary or assistant technical and management interface for the company, customer, and senior staff. Provides management services including general administrative oversight, time accounting. financial tracking, cost projection, inventory management, personnel evaluation and support. Responsible for the preparation of and accountability for all contract deliverables. Responsible for assisting in the technical leadership and direction to a multidisciplinary staff. Develop and operate a variety of technical systems related to the specific job function. Specify systems requirements and insure that completed systems meet requirements. Support data acquisition process control. Prepares and approves Standard Operating Procedures, Protocols and other technical documentation. Able to supervise, manage, support and evaluate personnel."	469	Washington
Project Manager III (VA)	MPIRE Technology Group, Inc.	Chantilly, VA	None	MPIRE Technology Group, Inc. is seeking a Project Manager for our client in Chantilly, VA. Candidate will be responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provide a single point of contact for those projects. They will take projects from original concept through final implementation, while also interacting with all areas affected by the project including end users, clients, and other internal/external stakeholders.Responsibilities will include: Defines project scope and objectives.Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports.Conduct project meetings and project tracking and analysis.Ensures adherence to quality standards and reviews project deliverables.Manages the integration of subcontractor tasks and tracks and reviews subcontractor deliverables, as applicable.Oversees the efforts of direct reporting resources and/or is responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific project.Track milestones and make adjustments as necessary.Utilize and implement project management methodologies that ensures projects are delivered on time, on budget, adhere to a high-quality standard, and meet customer’s requirements.Requirements: 5+ years’ experience in project management or related field.Experience in agile development, agile coaching, and project management.Experience with managing software application development projects of various sizes, including client interaction and meeting facilitation.Experience defining project scope, developing work plans and project schedules, preparing project estimates, developing resource plans, and compiling project status reports.Extensive experience reviewing software documentation such as requirements specifications, design documents, manuals, test plans/cases, test scripts and test reports.Proficient in SharePoint and Microsoft Excel.Knowledge of Agile/Scrum processes and management tools such as Jira or VersionOne.Experience training/mentoring junior level personnel.Excellent written and communication skills.Certified Scrum MasterAbility to obtain and maintain a public trust clearance.Nice to Have: Project Management Professional (PMP).Experience: Senior Level (10+ years)Education: BA/BS in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related discipline is preferred.About Us: MPIRE Technology Group Inc. (MTG) is Small Business that was founded in Virginia. The company offers information technology services consulting and systems integration. Our core offerings include Software Development, IT/Engineering Support and Cyber Security. MPIRE Technology Group’s technical staff has extensive experience managing and executing the full life cycle of IT infrastructure and development projects. Our teams work alongside their clients helping them to achieve their specific objectives. Our clients continue to use our services because of our high quality of work and our company values.Our Benefits: Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offProfessional development assistanceMPIRE Technology Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.We are not currently working with 3rd parties. We are not currently providing sponsorship.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $1.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Project management: 10 years (Required)Agile: 1 year (Preferred)WBS: 1 year (Preferred)project estimating: 1 year (Preferred)project plans: 1 year (Preferred)sharepoint: 1 year (Preferred)MS Project: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Certified Scrum Master (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	469	Washington
Technology Product Manager	North American Securities Administrators Association	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	None	NASAA Technology Product Manager Summary of Position The North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA), a prominent Washington D.C. non- profit membership association devoted to supporting the work of state and provincial securities regulators, is seeking to hire a Technology Product Manager. NASAA’s 67 members include the securities regulators in all 50 U.S. states, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the District of Columbia, the provincial and territorial securities regulators in Canada, and the CNBV of Mexico.As the Technology Product Manager, you will be responsible for the management and growth of the association’s Electronic Filing Depository System (EFD). This individual will work closely with the organization’s corporate office staff and leadership, EFD Steering Committee (Committee), Board of Directors and state regulator members, industry users as well as external vendor-developers for the system. He or she will acquire an in-depth knowledge of the goals and desired objectives of the EFD system and lead the in-house EFD team staffed by members of the Legal, and Finance and Operations Departments. The position reports to the Director of Finance and Operations.NASAA offers a competitive compensation package, including medical and dental benefits; disability insurance; life insurance; and retirement fund options.The responsibilities of the Technology Product Manager will include the following: Liaison & Communication Ably represent, interface with, and engage with all system stakeholders including state regulators, internal users, and external system users.Effectively communicate new or enhanced system functionalities so that the vendor-developer understands the resources needed to realize them.Consistently communicates development status to the Committee, the internal EFD team, the ExecutiveDirector.Appropriately engages in-house or outside legal counsel to ensure compliance of EFD with state securities regulations and vendor agreements.Collaborates with Finance and Operations staff to accurately determine and clearly communicate cost/benefit propositions of EFD development.Frequently engage with stakeholders to understand requirements, develop possible courses of action, and manage expectations.Organize, lead, and report on internal EFD team meetings and other recurring meetings.Development In collaboration with NASAA leadership and the Committee, maintain and revise as necessary an overall product roadmap and communicate same to the system’s stakeholders.Create, maintain, prioritize, and sequence the development of enhanced system functionality and bug fixes.Incorporate best practices into overall product approach, especially as it relates to reliability, availability, resiliency, and security.Project ManagementSteer EFD projects to ensure delivery of value to system users.Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders.Ensure that EFD projects are delivered on-time, within scope, and within budget.Effectively manage project risks.Manage vendor performance in completion of project tasks.Recommend changes in direction or courses of action when necessary.Assist the Committee in defining requested changes to the system and guide the EFD system change management process.Provide regular project status reports to stakeholders.Application Support Develop and maintain standards for testing new system functionalities and enhancements.Direct vendor-developer to resolve system issues and provide progress reports to stakeholders.Assist with internal and external communication, provide transparency and information relevant to stakeholders.Qualification for the Technology Product Manager Formal Education and Certification Bachelor’s degreeProject management credential (PMI PMP, PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (OMI-ACP), or Professional Scrum Product Owner (I/II/III) preferred.Knowledge and Experience A minimum of three (3) years technology project management experience and five (5) or more years of relevant work experience.Experience in managing complex web application migrations to cloud platforms like Azure.Thorough understanding of Agile software development methodologies, values, and procedures.Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle.In-depth knowledge of web applications and testing practices and techniques.Demonstrated experience in managing outside vendors for hosting, development, and support.Ability to understand workflows, processes, dependencies, and integrations with other systems.Ability to understand complex technical issues and translate them to non-technical stakeholders.Familiarity with common compliances relevant to EFD such as SOC 1 and SOCBasic understanding of EFD’s development platform and languages: Visual Studio using a combination of .net, C#, and Visual Basic is a plusPersonal Attributes Excellent oral and written communicator.Open to seeking guidance and direction in carrying out the responsibilities of the position.Self-motivated and capable of managing multiple priorities and project deadlines.Team-player with the ability to work alone or in a collaborative environment.Strong analytical skills with a high attention to detail.Committed to continued professional development.A strong interest in investor protection and securities regulationWork Conditions Occasional evening and weekend work to meet deadlines.Sitting for extended periods of time.Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and to handle other computer components.Physically able to participate in training sessions, presentations, and meetings.Some travel may be required for the purpose of stakeholder engagement and requirements gathering.To be considered for this position, please submit a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements. A writing sample may be included as part of the submission. References will not be contacted without prior notice to you. NASAA is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, sex, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. We are committed to diversity in the workplace and promote a drug-free environment.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Product Management: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One location	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Senior Systems Engineer	ACS	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Location: Springfield, VA
Clearance Required: Must be a U.S. Citizen and possess a current and active TS/SCI clearance granted by the Department of Defense or an Intelligence Community agency. Must be able to pass a Counterintelligence (CI) Polygraph.
Background:
Assured Consulting Solutions provides strategic and innovative solutions for customer needs across the business, technology, and organizational spectrum. As a member of our team, you will have the chance to work with customers that are both Government and industry leaders and technology innovators.
We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Senior Systems Engineer to join our team. This Senior Systems Engineers execute engineering tasks, taking a multi-discipline approach to full lifecycle engineering including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the NSG, ASG and Federal Agencies to ensure timely and accurate GEOINT. They provide a substantial portion, if not all of, the engineering support to the teams to which they are assigned.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Work closely with current/legacy product managers and SMEs to fully understand and document modernization needs.
Review publications data and structure against conceptual data models and future database plans, and perform data cleanup activities in accordance with established guidelines and direction.
Review and update publications text including structured and unstructured text
Utilizing Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Review and update FrameMaker files, including supporting documentation
Convert documents between FrameMaker versions
Upgrade documents to the latest FrameMaker version
Create final products in PDF format, ensuring quality control and adding value to the user experience
Designing Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
SGML and XML programming and coding.
Publish architectural and engineering drawings depicting modernization plans
Document CONOPS, SOPs and appropriate design solutions and ensure the compatibility of system components.
Perform the full lifecycle of engineering support including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability analysis, resiliency analysis, development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability analysis, and decommissioning.
Provide engineering support for requirements across the NSG and ASG.
Lead the planning, documenting, analysis, and traceability of user requirements and architectures.
Conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assist the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management, and interface design.
Support RFP development and generate engineering documentation for RFPs.
Provide proposal evaluation support as requested by the government.
Provide architectural support.
Identify industry and NGA standards and create IPF unique standards for open architecture, service centric architecture, service oriented architecture, and cloud architecture for inclusion in IPF RFPs, existing contracts, and government development efforts.
Brief assigned activities as required.
Work cross project with other IPF projects to facilitate transition from concept to development to sustainment to decommissioning.
Work across NGA, NSG, and ASG partners to include but not limited to NGA/IPF, NGA/SF, NGA/R, NGA/TD, NGA/TA, DoD, FAA, and foreign partners, to provide engineering support to advance the Foundation GEOINT mission.
Support IPF leadership priorities and guidance
Required Qualifications:
Senior-level demonstrated experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or system engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture/Cloud environments.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with systems engineering lifecycle.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Adobe FrameMaker, XML programming, SGML programming, and Maritime Publications.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Geographic Information Systems
Desired Qualifications:
Master's degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as, engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences or in project management or engineering management.
Certified as an INCOSE System Engineering Professional (CSEP) or DAWIA (level III) in IT or SPRDE or certified Scaled Agile Framework Agilist (SA) or Software Development Framework.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Foundation GEOINT data domains and mission areas.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with NGA Process and tools, to include System Engineering, Acquisition, Configuration Management, Readiness and Security.
Senior-level demonstrated Experience with software coding
Thorough familiarity with Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Advanced word-processing and editing skills including ability to follow established formatting guidance for unstructured and structured text, tables, lists, and other text elements
Advanced familiarity with Adobe PDF format, elements, options, bookmarks, structure, and final product
Basic familiarity with User Experience with digital publications
Basic data entry skills including accuracy
Experience following established guidelines and direction
Quality control experience
Experience performing data cleanup activities
Basic Geographic Information Systems (GIS) skills
Basic SGML programming and basic coding skills
Basic XML programming and basic coding skills
Basic familiarity with data models and conceptual database schema
Education Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences. A degree in Systems Engineering, Project Management, or similar non-technical field does not satisfy this requirement.
Years of Experience:
12-18 years w/ Bachelor's Degree
Each year of degree work past Bachelor's degree can be used for ½ year of work experience
Position Type: Full-Time
Shift: Day
Assured Consulting Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact ACS Human Resources at (703) 662-5062"	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Sr. Applications Programmer	Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, Ltd.	Maryland City, MD	None	Position Summary: Odyssey Systems has an exciting new opportunity for a Sr. Applications Programmer to support the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program’s (CDMRP) Electronic Grants System (EGS).Responsibilities: Duties include, but not limited to:Develop computer application software code for integration into an existing electronic grants management system.Modify existing application code, configurations, and database to accommodate enhancementsMake database changes to accommodate new system functions and featuresAnalyze functional business applications and design specifications for functional areas such as finance, accounting, personnel, manpower, logistics, and contractsEnhance software to reduce operating time and/or improve efficiencyCorrect system errors, defects, and issues associated with the EGS application and/or databaseDevelop block diagrams and logic flow chartsTranslate detailed design into computer softwareTest, debug, and refine the computer software to produce the required productDevelop system design, process flows, and necessary technical architectural documentsPrepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentationProvide technical direction to programmers to ensure program deadlines are metEnsure proper federal government IT security regulations, procedures, and protocols are followedReport any security concerns to the Project ManagerCommunicate and coordinate with hosting facility System Administrators as well as with federal IT staff to meet new user operating environment requirementsQualifications:Minimum Qualifications:Software Developer III: BA/BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 5 years’ experience or MS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 3 years’ experienceCompTIA A+, Network+, or Security+ certificationManagement/TrainingExperience and ability to mentor junior software developers on design patterns and development best practices to ensure quality output to meet program milestones and deliverablesEffective verbal and written communication skills.Technical Skills:Knowledge of a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures in coding software applications and in developing professional-level software application code.Must be proficient in IntelliJ, Ultra Edit, Mozilla Firefox, Oracle SQL Developer, and Microsoft Visio, VMWare ESX, RedHat Linux OS, Java-JDK + Oracle RDBMS.Experience in CI/CD pipeline using SVN, JenkinsExperience as an Agile Software Development Team member (i.e., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, etc.)Experience as an applications programmer on large-scale database management systems.Knowledge of and experience applying automated testing.Knowledge and experience in quality management processes and in the software test/release process.Experience working as an IT Systems Operations and Maintenance team member providing Tier 2 and 3 support.Experience using Customer Relationship Management Systems or Help Desk Ticketing Systems (i.e., Jira (preferred), SalesForce, ServiceNow, etc.)Must be onsite at customer location (Fort Detrick) during business hours and must work effectively in a team environmentExperience working in a regulated environmentExcellent problem solving and analytical, and technical skills.Ability to think critically and act expeditiously to evaluate situations, make decisions, and solve problems.Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to work well with a variety of personalities.Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changes in priorities and aggressive deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePointStrong analytical skillsHighly organized, efficient, and extremely detail-orientedAbility to prioritize among multiple tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environmentAbility to work independently and know when to seek assistancePreferred Qualifications:Desired knowledge and experience with grants management processesAbility to create process maps utilizing Visio or other similar softwareAdditional Information:Place of Performance: Frederick, MDUS Citizenship requiredNational Agency Clearance and Inquiries (NACI)Travel may be required#LI-POSTCompany Overview: Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, is an innovative small business committed to providing world-class technical, management, and training support services to government and public sector clients. We focus on people, processes, and performance to deliver superior results. Since our inception in 1997, our commitment to mission success and customer satisfaction has been recognized with exponential growth and exceptional past performance ratings. We accept challenging assignments and drive projects from the planning stages, through implementation, and into operations and support._Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities_Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior Manager A&A	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"
10+ years of Assessment and Authorization experience in a related industry (experience owning a program/product/feature, scoping requirements, planning milestones, project management and working with technical teams)
10+ years of familiarity with the processes and documentation required to articulate the appropriate system security products or services with stakeholder government customers to define a project scope, requirements, and deliverables.
5+ years experience architecting information systems for authorization under ICD 503 or DoD Risk Management Framework.
DoD Manual 8570 IAM Level III certification
Current, active US Government Security Clearance at the TS/SCI level with Polygraph.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading cloud provider, providing virtual infrastructure, storage, networking, messaging, and many other services to customers all over the world. AWS runs a globally distributed environment, operating at massive levels of scale. Businesses, from start-ups to enterprises, run their operations and applications on AWS’s multi-tenant infrastructure. Governmental organizations are also looking to and depending on AWS for cloud solutions and services.

World Wide Public Sector is looking for an exceptional Senior A&A Project Manager to support Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and audit activities for AWS services in our Federal Delivery Organization (FDO). The FDO is responsible for program management activities across a portfolio of Federal programs, and activities include managing multiple concurrent region expansion work packages, task orders, maintaining the program’s integrated master schedule, risk mitigation strategies, Assessment and Authorization activities, quality assurance and IV&V functions.

This position is based in the Annapolis Junction, MD. You will join a cadre of program management, technical business development, and information security professionals to establish a proactive, results-driven team focused on improving our ability to deliver new capabilities to our customers. As a Senior A&A Project Manager on the A&A team, you will spend the majority of your time working with technical business leaders (such as hardware and software engineering leaders, and technical program managers) to develop and produce A&A related documentation to ensure efficient service onboarding.

The role requires working experience with the Risk Management Framework (RMF), System Security Plans (SSP), Security Control Traceability Matrices (SCTM), familiarity with the customer environment, and an understanding of existing AWS services. You will draw upon an information security background, critical thinking, and analytic problem solving skills to support A&A activities, recommend improvements as required, and effectively support the delivery of industry leading, secure services to our Federal customers.

Core Responsibilities include:
Coordinate amongst government customers to produce and implement system security packages across cloud infrastructure platforms.

Work across a wide variety of AWS teams to establish and maintain information security documentation, including security questionnaires, SSPs, and SCTMs.

Responsible for reviewing proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential system security risks, and resolving integration issues related to the implementation of new services with the existing cloud infrastructure.

Implement higher level system security requirements such as those resulting from laws, regulations, or government directives by developing long range plans for security systems that anticipate, identify, evaluate, mitigate, and minimize risks associated with cloud infrastructures’ vulnerabilities or perceived vulnerabilities.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

This position requires that the candidate selected be a US Citizen and obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph.


Solid foundation in service-oriented and web-service technologies
Experience designing and implementing systems using AWS
Familiarity with Information Security or Audit frameworks
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	469	Washington
Enterprise System Engineering & Architecture II	Xator Corporation	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.
Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable. Position requires TS/SCI clearance with polygraph.
Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology. Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services. Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support. Security + Certification required Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission. Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks. Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel. Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones. Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation. Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Xator Corporation, and its Subsidiaries, provides equal opportunity to all applicants for employment as required by and/or consistent with applicable country law and company policy. Consistent with the foregoing, Xator Corporation provides qualified applicants consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veterans’ status, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status(s) protected by law. In the United States, Xator Corporation ensures nondiscrimination in all programs and activities in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Vz73K2xl37"	469	Washington
Director	Deer Creek Resources	United States	$59,290 - $71,927 a year	About usDeer Creek Resources GIS was founded in 2011. Since then Deer Creek team have worked on mapping projects across most of the Western States, in Alaska, the Carolinas, and throughout the Northern Pacific Rim.J O B A N N O U N C E M E N T May, 2021Director, Deer Creek Resources, Chico, CaliforniaSalaried, full-time, with commission on sales/funded projects. Recruitment is open until the position is filled.Background With experience working on over 100 of the largest wildfires in the past decade, Deer Creek Resources is California’s leading wildland fire intelligence and p re-fire planning consultancy. W e use technology, storytelling, land information, and custom-made maps to help people solve complex land management problems. A long with our parent company, Firestorm, we provide a full suite o f wildfire safety services, including the design and implementation of complex vegetation management projects and prescribed fires to protect communities and critical infrastructure.Whether helping conduct a 10,000-acre firing operation or prioritizing forest thinning projects a cross a million acres, DCR and Firestorm have decades of experience working at the landscape scale. We understand fire’s rightful role in maintaining the ecology of our wildlands, and are fortunate to be part of major projects t hat are helping people repair their relationship to fire. We are uniquely positioned to make big things happen. If you share our passion for good fire and have skills to contribute, you should join our team.We are hiring a Director to grow the wildfire consulting section of Deer Creek Resources. They will be a core member of Firestorm’s Leadership Team, responsible for developing, securing funding for, and executing wildfire hazard mitigation and pre-fire planning projects. The candidate will also have business development and staff management responsibilities.Responsibilities The Director reports directly to Firestorm’s President, working with DCR’s GIS Project Manager, Firestorm leadership, and our agency and NGO partners to develop project workscopes, budgets, and proposals. They delegate tasks to co-workers, review work products, track hours worked and submit invoices to administrative staff. While GIS is not a primary responsibility, a successful candidate will have a thorough understanding of GIS, and be able to use it to support their other responsibilities.This position supervises a GIS Project Manager, Emergency Operations Manager and field technicians. Much of Deer Creek’s current work is pre-fire mapping for private landowners, and consists of field surveys, vegetation management plans, and cartography. Deer Creek G IS’ emergency, onsite incident mapping operations are run by a separate, dedicated Operations Manager. The Director will provide some direct support for DCR’s emergency mapping operations, but incident mapping is not a core part of this position’s responsibilities.Other responsibilities may include:Selling pre-attack fire maps to private landownersPlanning wildfire risk mitigation activities as part of a project teamServing on t he incident command team of major prescribed fire projectsConducting building vulnerability assessments, developing wildfire pre-plansAssuring environmental compliance and BMPs during project implementationSupervising or undertaking wildfire behavior modelingSupervising production of G IS data products, analyses and visualizationsMentoring other staffWorking with ecologists t o develop postfire restoration projectsPreparing and presenting technical reports and presentationsMedia outreach, interviews, expert testimonyUndertaking community outreach a s part of wildfire protection planningIndependent research a nd/or t rainingBeing a n active participant in the wildfire management/mitigation communityWriting copy for Firestorm/DCR websites or promotional materials*Qualifications*The successful candidate will be well spoken, write well, collaborate well, be comfortable supervising junior staff, and effectively interact with clients and agency representatives in a positive and professional manner. Excellent communication ( written and verbal) are absolutely critical to this position. This position is based in Chico, California. Some remote work may be possible, but candidates must be willing to spend a significant amount of time in Chico. Frequent overnight travel, mainly within Northern California, is required.You should have a practical understanding of forestry, wildland fire management, fire ecology, incident management and land stewardship, a long with a proven record of project management and successful g rant-writing experience. You should be motivated to build and grow a high-functioning professional enterprise.Some GIS (ArcGIS/QGIS/Google Earth/CalTopo/Avenza) skills are essential. Wildland firefighting experience is desirable but not required. You must be a n expert at driving a computer.We place a high value on field experience. Firestorm staffs wildland fire hand crews, Type III and VI fire engines, GIS Units, and prescribed burning modules. There are opportunities for the Director to take wildfire assignments, maintaining currency or advancing their wildfire qualifications including but not limited to FFT1, FEMO, Single Resource Boss (Engines, Crews, Firing), RXB2, Situation Unit Leader, Planning Section Chief III.Compensation This is a regular, full-time, salaried position. Pay is commensurate with experience, with performance-based bonuses. Firestorm offers health benefits, vacation and a 401k.Job Type: Full-timePay: $59,290.00 - $71,927.00 per yearBenefits:401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftOn callOvertimeWeekend availabilitySupplemental Pay:Bonus payAbility to Commute/Relocate:Chico, CA 95973 (Preferred)Experience:Project management: 3 years (Preferred)Willingness To Travel:25% (Preferred)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Yes	469	Washington
Program Integrator - Level 3 (TS/SCI Poly)	The Kenjya-Trusant Group, LLC	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Clearance Requirement - Active TS/SCI with polygraph


Job Description:

Kenjya-Trusant is seeking a Program Integrator - Level III to provide support on a government contract in the Annapolis Junction, MD area.


Duties, Tasks, and Responsibilities:
Assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and Program Executive Office leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio.
Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative.
Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports.
Draft acquisition and program documents such as Technical Task Orders (TTOs), Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies.
Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.
Required Capabilities:
Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Assist program managers in developing program documentation (TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies), creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Attend contract reviews to assist GPMs in conducting cost estimating and monitoring of program/initiative outcomes.
Advise in the production and tailoring of NSA financial execution reports and program acquisition documentation and ensure affordable, supportable and effective program requirements are specified to meet mission needs.
Provide assistance in analyzing, tracking, and reporting program unfunded requirements in accordance with PEO policies and processes.
Prepare point papers, briefing charts, spreadsheets and other materials to assist in the Government in program decision-making.
Perform data analysis using MS Excel with pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts to present data clearly and effectively.
Create reports to support program management function to include:
a. Bi-Weekly execution reports by program to show funding execution across a program inclusive of budget center, appropriation and source of funding including point solutions & external funding) – how much money does a program have and how is the GPM doing on spending it?
b. Bi-Weekly cost estimating reports by program to show the consolidated burn rate across all contracts that support a program and latest projection for amount of funding required to get through the fiscal year
c. Bi-Weekly combined overview of total budget available vs. total projected costs for remainder of fiscal year (i.e., is there a projected overrun or underrun based on program cost estimates?)
d. BiWeekly report on any areas of concern – e.g., late receipt of external funds, slow execution against certain appropriations
e. Bi-Weekly contracts report by program to track current contract funding run outs (i.e., when will contractor be at risk of work stoppage), current contract periods of performance, planned award dates, burn rate analyses, contractor CDRL deliverables
f. Bi-Weekly Staffing report for LOE contracts, by program, illustrating current and projected staffing, as well as highlighting any areas of concern. Include historic staffing numbers, show positions remaining to be staffed (and their status specifying any delays in filling positions), and show projected staffing for remainder of period of performance. Include attrition metrics.
g. For programs that are going through contract actions and/or ARB baselining, document readiness schedule listing all contract documents required and the status of each against the baseline schedule for completion. (e.g. TTOs, SOWs, CDRL packages, Technical CICA memos, Acquisition Strategies, etc.)
Assist GPM and initiative leads with resource planning and tracking
Prepare and support delivery of presentations to assist with program and initiative status reviews.


Qualifications:
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor’s Degree with a business focus or technical focus is required. In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred. In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts.


THE KENJYA-TRUSANT GROUP, LLC is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business that was established in 2015 as a merger between The Kenjya Group, Inc. and Trusant Technologies, LLC. Our mission is to implement, support and protect the nation’s advanced technology systems, business processes and high-technology facilities. Working with the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, the Intelligence Community, state and local governments, and commercial clients, Kenjya-Trusant provides cyber protection, information technology, engineering, construction management and acquisition support services. We are a small company with big company benefits, including Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, Bonus Potential, Flexible Spending Account, Life Insurance, Short- and Long-Term Disability, Paid Time Off, and a culture of teamwork and continuous learning. Come grow with us!

The Kenjya-Trusant Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. If you require accommodations, please contact our Human Resources Department at (410) 740-4045."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Senior Principal Systems Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior Principal Systems Engineer to join our team in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Design, plan, and integrate VDI solutions with modern deployment techniques such as DevOps and/or DevSecOps.
Develop automation scripts for efficient deployment and operations of cloud based VDI solutions.
Evaluates and reports on new VDI and Mobility technologies to enhance capabilities of virtualized services.
Implement Code First solutions using tools to support a SDDC/VCN that describe and document solutions, complementing the maturation of a CI/CD pipeline
Provides IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SharePoint, Oracle databases, Microsoft SQL Server, Service Now, Altiris, Microsoft Office, Internet Explorer, Adobe Acrobat, HBSS, Splunk, customer line-of-business applications, VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems
Designs and deploys enterprise level disaster recovery solutions
Designs and deploys enterprise class SAN deployments and backup infrastructures, including Data-at-Rest encryption
Designs and deploys new applications and services to the infrastructure
Implements Code First solutions using Infrastructure as Code to describe and to document solutions
Provides systems integration using automated integrating technologies including system deployment leveraging a CI/CD pipeline
Develops automated tests using provided testing framework
Assists Service Operations teams to diagnose and resolve the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to desktop support and deployments
Develops client install packages for across-the-wire system deployments and system upgrades
Writes implementation and design documents describing how security features are implemented
Participates in a Change Management process
Performs requirements analysis, design, and integration for complex software application environments and collaboration infrastructures
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Investigates and resolves operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Participates in technology evaluation and reengineering teams to support strategy-definition and continuous process improvement activities
Develops, enhances, and maintains automation of cloud enablement tools
Participates in the design, implementation and management of workload automation initiatives
Adheres to firm Change Management, Problem Management policies and familiarity with ITIL or other formalized IT operations foundations
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree and 10-12+ years of relevant IT experience, or 7-9+ years with Master’s Degree
5+ years working with cloud platforms
5+ years of experience as an enterprise systems administrator in a client or server environment, including deployment automation tools
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Extensive knowledge of Windows based systems including Hardware, software, networking and storage
Proficiency in PowerShell and/or other scripting languages
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed
Preferred Qualifications:
ITIL v3 or 4 Foundation Certification highly desired
Certifications such as Microsoft Certified Azure Solutions Architect, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure, VMware VCP7 – CMA are highly desired (Computing domain certification is required)
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position up to 75% of the time
Must be able to move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery
Must be able to position self to maintain office supplies on variable height shelving.
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations.
Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
Must be able to observe and detect employee deviations from established policy
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Sr. Java Developer	Powersolv	Washington, DC	None	"Job Title: Software Developer III - Java
Location: Washington DC

Overview:
The purpose of this position is to provide support for critical business functions through the development, implementation, testing and maintenance of applications systems.
Responsibilities:
The position’s essential duties include the following:
Support critical business functions through the development, implementation, and maintenance of applications and systems;
Contribute software development expertise to multiple projects and ensure that specifications are met;
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document software applications;
Follow established software development standards and procedures and contribute towards their improvement;
Develop complex application features and create technical designs;
Participate in peer code and design reviews;
Experienced with a wide range of technologies;
Coordinate with departments and users in the support of business applications.
Represent the IT department in terms of software development expertise in coordination with other departments;

Type of Experience JEE Years of Experience
JEE, EJB 3+, Hibernate 3+, JPA, JMS, JSF, JBoss 4+ 5+ Years
Spring 5+ Years
Oracle 10g+; SQL Server RDBMS concepts 5+ Years
Application Development/Software Engineering/Design Patterns 5+ Years
Web application development 5+ Years
Object oriented design and architecture 5+ Years
Web Services/API Development and use 5+ Years
Technical Documentation 4+ Years

NOTE: In addition, please list any desired experience.
Experience API’s and SOA Patterns
Experience with integration of application software and RDBMS
Knowledge of configuration management, release management principles
Knowledge of SOA
Experience with agile SDLC; Scrum preferred
Experience with high availability architectures
Knowledge of networking and system engineering concepts
Experience with PL/SQL
Experience with scripting languages
Experience with Oracle Access Manager (OAM)
Knowledge of application security concepts

SPECIAL SKILLS:
Analytical and problem solving skills
Developing and/or creating new or more effective ideas, approaches, etc.
Developing and executing short-range plans/decisions
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to exercise sound judgment across a broad range of circumstances"	469	Washington
Network Engineer - Network Operations Center	Henry M Jackson Foundation For The Advan	Bethesda, MD	None	"Join the HJF Team!
HJF is seeking a Network Engineer to support the Network Operations Center (NOC) located in the Office of the Senior Vice President for the University and the Office of the Vice President for Information and Educational Technology at the Uniformed Services University (USU) in Bethesda, MD. HJF provides scientific, technical and programmatic support services to NOC. US Citizenship is required.
The incumbent of this position serves as a network administrator and systems manager for LAN and WAN, providing overall network infrastructure and data center management and support to University’s students, faculty and staff, as well as USUHS remote sites such as Twin Brooke, Rockledge, 11300 Rockville Pike, and the Post Graduate College, San Antonio, Texas.
Responsibilities:
The incumbent serves as Tier/Level 3 technical advisor to the Division Chief, Network Operations USU, and the NOC technical staff for Local Area Network (LAN) architectures, topologies, and network operating systems. The incumbent is the agency expert in Local Area Networks with specific emphasis on Cisco LAN. (20%)
The incumbent serves on highly specialized projects and is the agency expert in network hardware, software protocols, configuration, and IT telecommunication/network operations and management. As such he/she is responsible for managing all aspects of network architecture design, acquisition, installation and configuration, software and troubleshooting. (20%)
Responsible for recommending, evaluating, selecting, installing and testing LAN hardware, software and the telecommunications interface, assuming lead in technical operations and tracking of local network interface and network servers. Analyze LAN and WAN network systems, including planning, designing, evaluating, selecting operating systems and protocol suites and configuring communication media with concentrators bridges and other devices. Present written results of analysis to supervisor. (20%)
The incumbent provides technical expertise regarding the Cisco Network Operating Systems, VoIP, Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE), Microsoft and Linux operating system, VMware software, Storage area network(SAN), Google Cloud Computing email system, Virtual Private Network (VPN) and guiding technical staff as required. (10%)
Prepare and maintain system plans and instructions/guidance pertaining to the security of their systems operations. Implement Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) updates, patches and perform compliance reporting as required by the USUHS IAVM Program. (10%)
Ensure Risk Management Framework (RMF) controls are implemented for their specific systems, implement DISA Standard Technical Implementation Guide requirements, Security Readiness Reviews (SRRs), and perform compliance monitoring reporting. (10%)
Perform annual assessments to meet RMF review requirements and provide evidence that support compliance reporting requirements. (10%)
May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned or directed by the supervisor. This may include attendance of and participation in required training for role.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Incumbent must have expert knowledge and experience managing Microsoft client/server components in a multi-domain environment to include Web access, Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Post Office Protocol 3 (POP3), Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP), and TCP-IP sufficient to maintain DIACAP security standards, existing operations and implement migration strategies including planning for continuity of operations during server upgrades. Expert knowledge and experience with network printers, patch management servers and other IT systems administration theories and concepts, in addition to TCP/IP client connectivity and client application. excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to work with a wide variety of personnel of varied technical knowledge. The incumbent must have skills to work in a dynamic environment where priorities change rapidly.
Minimum Education: Bachelors degree is required.
Minimum Experience/ Training Requirements: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Required Licenses, Certification or Registration: Vendor training/certification preferred.
Work Environment: The work is performed in a typical office environment.
Background/Security: U.S. citizenship required; eligible to obtain and maintain a Tier III Investigation/ Secret Clearance.
Employment with HJF is contingent upon successful completion of a background check, which may include, but is not limited to, contacting your professional references, verification of previous employment, addresses, education, and credentials, a criminal background check, drug screening, and a department of motor vehicle (DMV) check.
Any qualifications to be considered as equivalents, in lieu of stated minimums, require the prior approval of the Chief Human Resources Officer
Experience
Required
6 - 8 years: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Education
Required
Bachelors or better
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"	469	Washington
Technical Manager III	Peraton	Greenbelt, MD	None	"Peraton is a critical partner to the Intelligence Community, Department of Defense, and select federal agencies and commercial entities, providing innovative, reliable solutions to the nation’s most sensitive and mission-critical programs and systems. We are recognized as a trusted provider of highly differentiated space, intelligence, cyber, defense, homeland security, and communications capabilities.
Peraton is a mission integrator, focused on cyber tools development, secure network engineering, spectrum management, and delivering quick reaction solutions from the lab to the field. Our team partners with Defense agencies and the Intelligence Community on a variety of critical missions.
Peraton supports national security decision makers across all operational regimes of air, land sea, space and cyberspace. Our scientific discovery and research empower our employees and help our government keep America and our allies secure. We solve our nation’s toughest challenges by sharing our technical innovation and groundbreaking insights. All of this is possible due to the human insight and ingenuity of our most important asset, our employees.
We have an exciting opportunity for a Technical Manager III to support our unique customer in Greenbelt, MD. This position requires an active Secret security clearance.
The purpose of this contract is to acquire engineering services for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for ground systems and mission operations support (GSMO-3) in all phases of a mission life cycle. The scope encompasses concept studies, design, development, integration, test, verification, operations, and sustainment of mission operations systems and subsystems, and operations processes and procedures.
Applies specialized knowledge of primary technical discipline, e.g., aerospace, mechanical, electrical, computer science to support research, planning, development, design, analysis, production, maintenance, and operation of devices, equipment, complex systems, or processes;
Design activities generally involve customer specifications, constraints, operating environments, and autonomous, unattended operation;
State-of-the-art product development activities may require modification and extension of existing methods and may require advanced techniques and/or tools.
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering (e.g. Aerospace, Electrical, Electronic, Optics, Mechanical);
At least 15 years of related experience;
Requires broad knowledge of several fields and extensive knowledge of own specialty Manages a segment of the organization's technical operations such as Satellite Operations, Software Systems, Logistics and Quality in compliance with established policies and procedures. Provides technical direction to staff and monitors performance to ensure compliance with contract. Participates in developing, interpreting, and implementing policies and procedures for the organization. Organizes project and task workloads and selects individuals most qualified for assignments on specific projects.
Ensures employee conformance to established practices and proper training of staff. Prepares reports and audits current procedures to monitor efficiency of operations.
Eligible for a Secret Clearance
Desired Qualifications
Comprehensive understanding of satellites and ground systems concepts through experience or education
Technical Documentation Skills
Oral and written presentation skills
Education: A Master’s degree may substitute for 3 years of experience.
Certifications: PMP
Active Secret Clearance
Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the world’s leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the can’t be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law."	469	Washington
Help Desk Technician IV	General Dynamics Information Technology	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
GDIT is seeking candidates to support the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM). Under the I2TS 3 task order, INSCOM ensures reliable, uninterrupted availability of Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Information Management (C4IM) including: networks, hardware, software, engineering, and specialized tools at the point of customer need to support INSCOMs mission. INSCOM and its MSCs provide the enabling layer to connect the Army and its tactical formations to defense and national intelligence agencies via tactical networks. The ability to provide mission critical intelligence is dependent on the successful use of its information technology (IT) networks worldwide.
Responsibilities:
An I2TS 3 Service Desk Specialist (Help Desk Technician IV):
Provides first contact and incident resolution to customers with hardware, software, and application problems. Includes both customer telephone support as well as electronically submitted requests
Provides polite and friendly customer service
Attempts to resolve as many incidents during the first contact, or at Tier I. Efficiently escalates incidents to higher Tier II or Tier III when required
Documents incident status and solutions in incident database tools
Possesses current working knowledge of computers, printers, laptops, and common windows applications
Works through various types Tier II issues with telephone assist
Provides answers to Frequently Asked Questions or solutions to common problems as part of a customer self-help capability
Perform troubleshooting, maintenance, and repair on many types of hardware and software
Assist in repairing computers, printers, digital senders, etc.
Perform Level I/II Active Directory functions such as unlocking accounts, creating and issuing accounts, etc.
Desirable Skills / Experience:
Knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in network administration and support
Knowledge of related hardware and software
Required Certification(s):
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II Computing Environment (CE) Certification as determined by the Program Manager is required prior to support on contract
Required Security Environment Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalent
Computing Environment certification: MTA 98-365, Windows Server Administrator Fundamentals.
Security Clearance:
TS/SCI required
Additional:
Candidates must be willing and able to attain a CI Polygraph for certain positions as determined by the contract
Position may require lifting of objects (i.e. IT Hardware), reaching/bending/kneeling (i.e. plug in cables) and other moderately strenuous activity
This position requires eligibility to obtain a Kuwaiti Work Permit. Effective January 1, 2021, Kuwait will not issue a Work Permit to an individual who is 60 years of age or older and has only a high school education.
High School diploma/GED with 8 years of related experience, or Associate’s degree with 6 years of experience, or Bachelor’s degree with 4 years of experience
#GDITINSCOM
#I2TS3
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Audio Video Service Technician Level III	Bridges System Integration	Herndon, VA 20170	$70,000 - $80,000 a year	"You are the type of leader who wants to push the boundaries of collaboration technology in redefining and shaping Enterprise clients in government and corporate spaces.
You are a true leader and professional who assists the Service Manager in inspiring and molding a talented mix of experienced and promising technicians.
Bridges System Integration (Bridges SI) is a thought leader with a reputation for deploying emerging technologies with a focus on quality assurance. As an early adopter of AV9000, Bridges SI has built a reputation amongst Washington DC’s largest institutions for being the go-to technology partner.
Bridges SI is looking for a Senior Service Technician to continue the development of our growth and reputation.
This position reports directly to the Service Manager.
In this role, you will perform any necessary Service team functions, including supporting AV equipment at customer sites, performing maintenance and providing hardware and software updates when required, editing files and reading drawings, and leading small teams during on-site projects. As a member of the Bridges SI Service Team, you are expected to provide initiative, vision, and teamwork.
You will be a great fit if you are a strong multi-tasker who can walk in the shoes of our clients and identify their technology pain points. The whole of the organization works to resolve client hurdles in creative and impactful ways.
Requirements
RESPONSIBILITES
Recognize majority of common AV brands and Equipment by sight and by name
Understand purpose of AV components in a system
Operate common AV equipment unassisted
Support operating AV equipment for Live events
Provide customer training on how to use an AV system
Fully test a system for proper function and identify what part isn’t working
Experienced in troubleshooting hardware and software. Understands signal flow
Perform most common and standard AV/IT cable terminations
Change PC’s network settings
Connect to Equipment via IP and Serial connections
Configure and set basic settings in equipment.
Load and retrieve files from DSP’s
Load and retrieve files from Control systems
Make settings adjustments in DSP existing file
Edit DSP files or control code with remote support.
Read drawings and system flows
Perform QA inspections
Perform Site surveys for system upgrades or new spaces
Napkin CAD a functioning system.
Set up and balance an audio system
Build a standalone or closed functioning network
Perform advanced video setups, including edge blends, mirror bounce, prism alignment, convergence
Lead small team projects
Provide remote support to other Service and Integration technicians
Mentor and support team members
QUALIFICATIONS
Has a minimum 7 years of direct or related experience in AV industry which can be composed of any combination of; Site support, installation, VTC support, live event support, system design, programming and Quality Assurance.
Understanding of AV systems, signal flow, and proficiency in troubleshooting
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and AI
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and analytics
Must be willing to work in the Herndon, VA office (during non-pandemic times)
Knowledge of lighting, acoustics and millwork
Knowledge of structural engineering practices such as floor, wall, ceiling support
CTS required
Benefits
Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO) including Holidays and Vacation
Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance
401k Plan
Short Term Disability
Long Term Disability
Life Insurance
Service and Recognition Rewards
Family-friendly Company Events
Work-life balance advocation"	469	Washington
Senior Enterprise Architect	Garud Technology Services, Inc.	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Federal Center area)	$100,000 - $160,000 a year	"Position Title & Description: Senior Enterprise ArchitectGarud Technology Services, Inc. (GTS) is seeking a seasoned and motivated Senior Enterprise Architect with demonstrated experience to provide support to a federal client’s Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO). This is a 5-year contract. Candidates are expected to be focused and solution-oriented individuals that work well independently while leading a cross-functional team of experts.Responsibilities and Qualifications: The following are stated and implied requirements of this position:Support the Line of Business Segment Owners (13 in all) in the preparation and maintenance of Major and Non-major IT investment business cases for IT Select, Control and Evaluate phases of the Capital Planning and Investment Control (CPIC) process for 23 Department Principal OfficesProvide architectural views that help communicate the complexity of large systems and facilitate management of extensive, complex environmentsFocus on the strategic use of emerging technologies to better manage the enterprise's information and consistently insert those technologies into the enterpriseImprove consistency, accuracy, timeliness, integrity, quality, availability, access and sharing of IT data and information across the enterpriseHighlight opportunities for building greater quality and flexibility into applications without increasing costAchieve economies of scale by providing mechanisms for sharing services across the enterpriseExpedite integration of legacy, migration, and new systemsAlign Department’s EA to the Federal Enterprise Architecture Framework (FEAF)Expand the use of Department’s EA by enhancing and promoting its operational valueAct as a liaison with leadership, Program Managers, business owners, segment owners, and Project Managers to obtain information used in developing and maintaining department’s EA, transition strategy Plan, and IRM strategic PlanDevelop, maintain and update the department’s EA Program Management Plan (EA PMP) as directed by the Government. The EA PMP shall define EA projects, milestones and deliverables as determined by the GovernmentDevelop and describe the department’ Enterprise Architecture in the context of the EA Modernization Roadmap. The department’s EA Roadmap complies with the format prescribed by the Federal Chief Enterprise Architect and describes Department’s business, technology, and data, of expectationsProvide guidance on the use of the segment architecture which is developed to inform stakeholders with sufficient detail to facilitate budgetary planning and deployment of systems and technologies that are needed to obtain the future state of the segmentAnalyze and define advanced technologies relevant to the applications and services within the EA and provide guidance to project teams in the implementation and adherence to Governance principles, policies and procedures. Identify and manages exceptions to the Governance standardsAssist the department’s programs in developing data models and establishing and/or improving the data management Program to include providing reference, Conceptual, Logical and Physical Data Models of both the ""as-is"" and any potential ""to-be"" data structuresResponsible for supporting programs during the pre-investment and pre-acquisition stages to ensure programs get architectural guidance and direction on security and privacy. Help define the security architecture for the department by assisting and guiding programs with capturing enterprise and segment security and privacy requirements for any acquisitions. Security architecture framework shall include policy, implementation guidance, compliance, and process definitionEnsure that the “To-Be” performance architecture spans across each layer of the department’s EA (Enterprise level, Segment level, and Solution level) and provides enough detail to capture performance measures at the Task and transaction level to provide “Line of Sight” from the Solution to the department’s strategic goalsSupport the Chief Enterprise Architect and Segment Owners in developing plans for improving the performance of their line of business. The modernization plans shall describe the business, technology and service component, data, security and performance architectures for each LOB Segment and will also describe the “As-IS” and “To-Be” vision for the LOB Segments and present the transition steps the segment will take to achieve its “To-Be” visionProvide technical writing development services to the department’s EA Program including technical writing, review and analysis of EA artifacts and IT Investment documents, producing EA briefings, brochures, articles and training manualsMaintain and update the EA/CPIC repository and Internet/intranet sites that publish the EA in accordance with required OMB reporting dates and to support the CPIC Select PhaseEducation and Qualifications: A Bachelor of Science degree in Software Engineering or related field is desired. However, relevant and significant experience in the areas mentioned would be considered. A Master’s-level degree is preferred.Certified Enterprise ArchitectExperience: 15+ years’ experience serving as the Enterprise Architect providing support to a Federal Agency Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO)10+ years’ experience as one of the top experts in the industry to provide technical knowledge and analysis of highly specialized applications and operational environment, high-level functional systems analysis, design, integration, documentation and implementation advice on exceptionally complex problems that require graduate level knowledge of the subject matter for effective implementation10+ years’ experience matching the detailed design of the solution to the higher-level architecture. Ensures that the solution architecture aligns with the roadmaps established by the EA, and that it adheres to EA principles10+ years’ experience serving as both a consumer and a contributor to EA co-lateralExperience working at highest levels within OCIO, steering committeesExperience with DHS policies, methodologies, and frameworks for IT program/project managementLocation: Work to be performed at client site in Washington, DC.Citizenship and Security Clearance Requirements: Applicants must have a US citizenship, and will need to successfully complete a Background Investigation (BI) prior to beginning work. Nothing in applicants’ history should prevent them from obtaining a security clearance.Salary: The Annual Salary is between $100,000 and $130,000. Salary will be commensurate with experience. GTS has highly competitive benefits, excellent development opportunities and a great working environment. For more information on benefits follow the link: https://www.garudtechnology.com/work-with-us/careers/Garud Technology Services, Inc. (GTS ), is a Maryland-based, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), and a highly specialized provider of Technical and Professional services to organizations with demanding requirements. Our portfolio of customers includes the Department of Defense (DoD), Department of Education (ED), Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Department of Transportation (DOT) and federal, state and local authorities tasked with developing and fielding cutting-edge technologies. Our team includes engineers, scientists and Subject Matter Experts with hard-to-find experience and qualifications, and we apply industry accepted quality processes that include CMMI-SVCS (Level III Appraised). ISO-9001 & 14001:2015 and ISO/IEC 20000-1:2011 & 27001:2013 (Certified). Learn more about GTS at www.garudtechnology.com .Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) MatchingDental InsuranceDisability InsuranceEmployee Assistance ProgramHealth InsuranceLife InsurancePaid Time OffProfessional Development AssistanceReferral ProgramTuition ReimbursementVision InsuranceCOVID-19 considerations:GTS is at 100% telework during the COVID-19 crisis.Experience:Enterprise Architecture: 10 years (Required)Education:Master's (Preferred)Location:Washington, DC 20024 (Required)License:Enterprise Architecture (Preferred)Language:English (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousPeople-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projectsAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativitySchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.garudtechnology.comBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $160,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) MatchingDental InsuranceDisability InsuranceEmployee Assistance ProgramHealth InsuranceLife InsurancePaid Time OffProfessional Development AssistanceReferral ProgramTuition ReimbursementVision InsuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:GTS is at 100% telework during the COVID-19 crisis.Ability to Commute/Relocate:Washington, DC 20024 (Required)Application Question(s):Please indicate your salary requirements in your cover letter.Education:Master's (Preferred)Experience:Enterprise Architecture: 5 years (Required)AWS: 1 year (Preferred)Language:English (Required)License/Certification:and current Public Trust clearance from any Agency (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"	469	Washington
Cyber Security Lead	Leidos	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)	None	"Description
Job Description:
The Defense Group of Leidos has an exciting opportunity for a Cyber Security Lead to support efforts for the Army Cloud Common Shared Service Provider (CCSSP) contract located in the Northern Virginia/National Capital Region. This role will provide leadership, technical direction and guidance to a cyber engineering team and Defnce cyber operations team supporting a DOD Security Operations Center (SOC) or Command Operations Center. In addition will be supporting the program security architects in the development of security controls, mentoring others in technical security concepts and ensuring secure cloud practices are followed. Role will play a meaningful role in maintaining the controls that enable the customer organization to operate expertly, cost effectively, and within compliance standards. Will also assist others in interpreting, understanding, and applying information security policies and standards to mitigate information security risks. Develop positive partnerships and work closely with other members of the customer and LEIDOS Information Security and Legal Compliance organizations in a coordinated and focused manner.
Primary Responsibilities
List daily duties and/or specific job responsibilities.
Participate with the client in the strategic design process to translate security and business requirements into technical designs;
Provide Cybersecurity Enterprise Architecture (CEA) support to implement controls to support compliance for the designated system categorizations;
Supervise cyber security engineers who are embedded in agile teams to apply systems cyber security engineering assurance baselined on DoD IA Support Environment guidance and security best practices as well as commercial security best practices;
Support the Vulnerability and Threat Management (VTM) continuous monitoring strategy, tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs), and processes for continuous monitoring and management of known and emerging vulnerabilities and threats
Create reporting and communication strategy to keep ISO and ISSM informed of the security state of the customer cloud environment(s)
Manage and execute the NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with the responsible AO’s cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) program implementation;
Integrate cyber security engineering expertise into agile development and test processes via technical and change control review, as described in the applicable project management, systems engineer, software development and configuration management plans, processes, and procedures;
Generate and deliver RMF related documentation and artifacts to update and maintain accreditations
Plan, monitor, and execute RMF and cyber security-related tasks and activities daily, coordinating with the agile engineering and project milestones to ensure proactive and early insertion of the cyber security requirements;
Coordinate support to enter, monitor, track, and update the status of operational baseline issues via the POA&M record through to resolution;
Monitor information systems for security incidents and vulnerabilities. This includes developing monitoring and visibility capabilities as well as reporting on incidents, vulnerabilities and trends.
Respond to information system security incidents, including the investigation of, countermeasures to, and recovery from computer-based attacks, unauthorized access, and policy breaches coordinating with the Army CSSP
Support investigation of computer and information security incidents to determine extent of compromise to information and automated information systems;
Team responsibilities encompass maintaining computer and information security incidents and damage and threat assessment programs;
Assist with computer forensic and intrusion support to high technology investigations in the form of computer evidence seizure, computer forensic analysis, data recovery, network assessments, researching and maintaining proficiency in tools, techniques, countermeasures, trends in computer network vulnerabilities, data hiding, and network security and encryption;
Design, develop, or provide recommendations for integrated system solutions, ensuring proprietary/confidential data and systems are protected;
Configure and validate secure systems, and test security products/systems to detect computer and information security weakness.
Support cloud certification activities, system hardening, vulnerability testing, and scanning.
Support compliance activities and audits to ensure data-at-rest / -in-transit is utilizing NSA-approved encryption and the enclave is compliant with the DoD SCCA.
Craft IT security architectural artifacts, provide architectural analysis of the security features and relate the existing system to future customer requirements.
Basic Qualifications
US Citizenship and a DoD Secret Clearance
Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cyber Security, or related field, or equivalent experience
Must have a minimum of eight (8) years of relevant and progressively responsible experience leading teams and managing NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with program cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) implementation
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of experience in the past five years) managing a cyber-team in a DOD environment.
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of relevant experience in the past five years) using DOD enterprise cyber tools, such as, ACAS, HBSS, SIEM, Firewalls, and Network Access Control (NAC)
Familiarity with industry standards, guidelines, and regulatory compliance requirements related to information security and cloud computing such as NIST SP 800-53, and FedRamp
Familiarity with the DoD Secure Cloud Computing Architecture (SCCA)
Familiarity with Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide (SRG) Version 1 Release 3 (v1r3), or latest version
Familiarity with security standards and controls specified in DoDI 8500.01 (Cybersecurity) and 8510.01 (RMF)
Cloud computing experience (AWS and/or Azure)
Demonstrated experience with security vulnerability scanning tools & in performing Cybersecurity vulnerability scanning in AWS and/or Azure
Experience in generating and providing RMF required authorization related documentation and artifacts to the customer Information System Security Owner (ISSO) and Manager (ISSM)
Demonstrated experience writing technical responses to POA&M items
Demonstrated experience with security processes, DevSecOps implementation, Cyber Security, and Cloud infrastructure to develop and deploy enterprise level hosting platforms
Possesses an active CISSP (ISC2 Certified Information System Security Professional) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM).
Must have a DoD 8570 IAT Level II (or Level III) Certification (e.g. Sec+ CE)
Preferred Qualifications
List additional skills and experience that is “nice to have” but not required.
It is desired that the lead has the following qualifications:
Experienced with various security tools and processes such as Splunk, Tenable Security, Fortify
Experience with operation of systems to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Azure cloud environment
A professional background in Systems Engineering / Cloud Architecture / Software Development
Experience with Agile Software Development
AWS/Azure Certifications
Experience with scripting languages (Python, Power Shell)
Motivated self-starter with strong written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to create complex technical reports on analytic findings
External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
External Referral Bonus $:
Potential for Telework:
Yes, 100%
Clearance Level Required:
Secret
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Cyber Management
Pay Range:"	469	Washington
Network Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Herndon, VA 20171	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Network Engineer to join our team in the Herndon, VA area.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Provide leadership, mentoring, and quality assurance for Team Members
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree and 5-7 Years of Experience
Knowledge of Cisco Networking and Switching
Working knowledge of the OSI model, TCP/IP, and subnetting
Working knowledge with Microsoft Visio
Working knowledge with Microsoft office
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Windows 10 & Windows Server
Hands on experience configuring various routing protocols.
Hands on experience with Juniper Firewalls (Juniper 300 Series)
Hands on Experience with Cisco Switches and Firewalls (Cisco 3800 & 9000 Series)
Demonstrates experience with tier II/III level troubleshooting.
CCNP Certified
Security Clearance Requirements:
Minimum Secret clearance required to start with the ability to obtain/maintain a Top Secret/SCI clearance.
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary Work.
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Federal Acquisition Consultant - HHS	Censeo Consulting Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Position Description:
We are seeking an Federal Acquisition Consultant to join our team supporting Health and Human Services (HHS). In the role you will provide innovative business strategies, agile procurement solutions, and work with the team to develop and implement the agency procurement policy/processes and provide consulting support to the Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree required
3+ years of experience providing strategic sourcing and procurement consulting support in the public sector
4+ years of experience supporting complex federal acquisitions for a program office; project management and/or Contracting Officer background a plus
Professional certification preferred (CPCM, CFCM, and/or DAWIA/FAC-C III)
Possess knowledge of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), agency-specific regulations, and be knowledgeable of acquisition streamlining initiatives and reforms
Strong understanding of various acquisition approaches and ability to formulate analyses and create comprehensive documentation
Demonstrated performance developing pricing and negotiation positions across fixed price, cost reimbursement, and time-and-materials contract types
Excellent verbal communication and writing skills
Ability to work independently and in a team on complex acquisitions
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite of tools, to include SharePoint
Responsibilities:
Provides acquisition lifecycle planning and execution support to a high-visibility program group within a major HHS component agency
Demonstrates knowledge of major acquisition lifecycle environments for strategy development and associated best practices
Applies knowledge of federal procurement principles, policies, procedures, and standards to implement programmatic requirements
Ensures on-time completion of task deliverables and activities such as developing SOWs/PWSs, IGCEs, market research, RFPs, project and operational plans, and process improvements
Delivers expert advisory support to government senior executives, program managers, CORs, and division managers regarding the acquisition lifecycle
Serves as a liaison between the program and acquisition offices on all matters of complex, high-dollar procurements
Performs on a team as an individual contributor with a proactive approach to project management
Position Particulars:
This is an exempt, full-time position
Location: Washington D.C.
About Censeo:
Censeo Consulting Group, a management consulting firm, is an advisor and partner to management teams who lead some of the largest and most complex organizations in the world. Our key areas of expertise include operations improvement, acquisition strategy, organization effectiveness, and IT strategy with a strong Federal footprint.

Censeo is rapidly growing and has been recognized for our unique approach, culture, and values:
2020 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2019 Ivy Exec #7 Overall Boutique Consulting Firm and #6 Top Consulting Firms for Culture
2018 Consulting Magazine Best Small Firms to Work For
2017 Vault #12 Best Boutique Consulting Firm
2016 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2015 Washington Business Journal’s Philanthropy List
Censeo is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal opportunity to all applicants and employees in full compliance with all applicable state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, gender, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other class protected by applicable state or federal law.
hT4dks4N01"	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Senior Systems Engineer	ACS	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Location: Springfield, VA
Clearance Required: Must be a U.S. Citizen and possess a current and active TS/SCI clearance granted by the Department of Defense or an Intelligence Community agency. Must be able to pass a Counterintelligence (CI) Polygraph.
Background:
Assured Consulting Solutions provides strategic and innovative solutions for customer needs across the business, technology, and organizational spectrum. As a member of our team, you will have the chance to work with customers that are both Government and industry leaders and technology innovators.
We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Senior Systems Engineer to join our team. This Senior Systems Engineers execute engineering tasks, taking a multi-discipline approach to full lifecycle engineering including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the NSG, ASG and Federal Agencies to ensure timely and accurate GEOINT. They provide a substantial portion, if not all of, the engineering support to the teams to which they are assigned.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Work closely with current/legacy product managers and SMEs to fully understand and document modernization needs.
Review publications data and structure against conceptual data models and future database plans, and perform data cleanup activities in accordance with established guidelines and direction.
Review and update publications text including structured and unstructured text
Utilizing Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Review and update FrameMaker files, including supporting documentation
Convert documents between FrameMaker versions
Upgrade documents to the latest FrameMaker version
Create final products in PDF format, ensuring quality control and adding value to the user experience
Designing Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
SGML and XML programming and coding.
Publish architectural and engineering drawings depicting modernization plans
Document CONOPS, SOPs and appropriate design solutions and ensure the compatibility of system components.
Perform the full lifecycle of engineering support including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability analysis, resiliency analysis, development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability analysis, and decommissioning.
Provide engineering support for requirements across the NSG and ASG.
Lead the planning, documenting, analysis, and traceability of user requirements and architectures.
Conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assist the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management, and interface design.
Support RFP development and generate engineering documentation for RFPs.
Provide proposal evaluation support as requested by the government.
Provide architectural support.
Identify industry and NGA standards and create IPF unique standards for open architecture, service centric architecture, service oriented architecture, and cloud architecture for inclusion in IPF RFPs, existing contracts, and government development efforts.
Brief assigned activities as required.
Work cross project with other IPF projects to facilitate transition from concept to development to sustainment to decommissioning.
Work across NGA, NSG, and ASG partners to include but not limited to NGA/IPF, NGA/SF, NGA/R, NGA/TD, NGA/TA, DoD, FAA, and foreign partners, to provide engineering support to advance the Foundation GEOINT mission.
Support IPF leadership priorities and guidance
Required Qualifications:
Senior-level demonstrated experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or system engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture/Cloud environments.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with systems engineering lifecycle.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Adobe FrameMaker, XML programming, SGML programming, and Maritime Publications.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Geographic Information Systems
Desired Qualifications:
Master's degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as, engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences or in project management or engineering management.
Certified as an INCOSE System Engineering Professional (CSEP) or DAWIA (level III) in IT or SPRDE or certified Scaled Agile Framework Agilist (SA) or Software Development Framework.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Foundation GEOINT data domains and mission areas.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with NGA Process and tools, to include System Engineering, Acquisition, Configuration Management, Readiness and Security.
Senior-level demonstrated Experience with software coding
Thorough familiarity with Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Advanced word-processing and editing skills including ability to follow established formatting guidance for unstructured and structured text, tables, lists, and other text elements
Advanced familiarity with Adobe PDF format, elements, options, bookmarks, structure, and final product
Basic familiarity with User Experience with digital publications
Basic data entry skills including accuracy
Experience following established guidelines and direction
Quality control experience
Experience performing data cleanup activities
Basic Geographic Information Systems (GIS) skills
Basic SGML programming and basic coding skills
Basic XML programming and basic coding skills
Basic familiarity with data models and conceptual database schema
Education Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences. A degree in Systems Engineering, Project Management, or similar non-technical field does not satisfy this requirement.
Years of Experience:
12-18 years w/ Bachelor's Degree
Each year of degree work past Bachelor's degree can be used for ½ year of work experience
Position Type: Full-Time
Shift: Day
Assured Consulting Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact ACS Human Resources at (703) 662-5062"	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Sr. Applications Programmer	Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, Ltd.	Maryland City, MD	None	Position Summary: Odyssey Systems has an exciting new opportunity for a Sr. Applications Programmer to support the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program’s (CDMRP) Electronic Grants System (EGS).Responsibilities: Duties include, but not limited to:Develop computer application software code for integration into an existing electronic grants management system.Modify existing application code, configurations, and database to accommodate enhancementsMake database changes to accommodate new system functions and featuresAnalyze functional business applications and design specifications for functional areas such as finance, accounting, personnel, manpower, logistics, and contractsEnhance software to reduce operating time and/or improve efficiencyCorrect system errors, defects, and issues associated with the EGS application and/or databaseDevelop block diagrams and logic flow chartsTranslate detailed design into computer softwareTest, debug, and refine the computer software to produce the required productDevelop system design, process flows, and necessary technical architectural documentsPrepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentationProvide technical direction to programmers to ensure program deadlines are metEnsure proper federal government IT security regulations, procedures, and protocols are followedReport any security concerns to the Project ManagerCommunicate and coordinate with hosting facility System Administrators as well as with federal IT staff to meet new user operating environment requirementsQualifications:Minimum Qualifications:Software Developer III: BA/BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 5 years’ experience or MS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 3 years’ experienceCompTIA A+, Network+, or Security+ certificationManagement/TrainingExperience and ability to mentor junior software developers on design patterns and development best practices to ensure quality output to meet program milestones and deliverablesEffective verbal and written communication skills.Technical Skills:Knowledge of a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures in coding software applications and in developing professional-level software application code.Must be proficient in IntelliJ, Ultra Edit, Mozilla Firefox, Oracle SQL Developer, and Microsoft Visio, VMWare ESX, RedHat Linux OS, Java-JDK + Oracle RDBMS.Experience in CI/CD pipeline using SVN, JenkinsExperience as an Agile Software Development Team member (i.e., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, etc.)Experience as an applications programmer on large-scale database management systems.Knowledge of and experience applying automated testing.Knowledge and experience in quality management processes and in the software test/release process.Experience working as an IT Systems Operations and Maintenance team member providing Tier 2 and 3 support.Experience using Customer Relationship Management Systems or Help Desk Ticketing Systems (i.e., Jira (preferred), SalesForce, ServiceNow, etc.)Must be onsite at customer location (Fort Detrick) during business hours and must work effectively in a team environmentExperience working in a regulated environmentExcellent problem solving and analytical, and technical skills.Ability to think critically and act expeditiously to evaluate situations, make decisions, and solve problems.Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to work well with a variety of personalities.Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changes in priorities and aggressive deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePointStrong analytical skillsHighly organized, efficient, and extremely detail-orientedAbility to prioritize among multiple tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environmentAbility to work independently and know when to seek assistancePreferred Qualifications:Desired knowledge and experience with grants management processesAbility to create process maps utilizing Visio or other similar softwareAdditional Information:Place of Performance: Frederick, MDUS Citizenship requiredNational Agency Clearance and Inquiries (NACI)Travel may be required#LI-POSTCompany Overview: Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, is an innovative small business committed to providing world-class technical, management, and training support services to government and public sector clients. We focus on people, processes, and performance to deliver superior results. Since our inception in 1997, our commitment to mission success and customer satisfaction has been recognized with exponential growth and exceptional past performance ratings. We accept challenging assignments and drive projects from the planning stages, through implementation, and into operations and support._Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities_Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior Manager A&A	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"
10+ years of Assessment and Authorization experience in a related industry (experience owning a program/product/feature, scoping requirements, planning milestones, project management and working with technical teams)
10+ years of familiarity with the processes and documentation required to articulate the appropriate system security products or services with stakeholder government customers to define a project scope, requirements, and deliverables.
5+ years experience architecting information systems for authorization under ICD 503 or DoD Risk Management Framework.
DoD Manual 8570 IAM Level III certification
Current, active US Government Security Clearance at the TS/SCI level with Polygraph.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading cloud provider, providing virtual infrastructure, storage, networking, messaging, and many other services to customers all over the world. AWS runs a globally distributed environment, operating at massive levels of scale. Businesses, from start-ups to enterprises, run their operations and applications on AWS’s multi-tenant infrastructure. Governmental organizations are also looking to and depending on AWS for cloud solutions and services.

World Wide Public Sector is looking for an exceptional Senior A&A Project Manager to support Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and audit activities for AWS services in our Federal Delivery Organization (FDO). The FDO is responsible for program management activities across a portfolio of Federal programs, and activities include managing multiple concurrent region expansion work packages, task orders, maintaining the program’s integrated master schedule, risk mitigation strategies, Assessment and Authorization activities, quality assurance and IV&V functions.

This position is based in the Annapolis Junction, MD. You will join a cadre of program management, technical business development, and information security professionals to establish a proactive, results-driven team focused on improving our ability to deliver new capabilities to our customers. As a Senior A&A Project Manager on the A&A team, you will spend the majority of your time working with technical business leaders (such as hardware and software engineering leaders, and technical program managers) to develop and produce A&A related documentation to ensure efficient service onboarding.

The role requires working experience with the Risk Management Framework (RMF), System Security Plans (SSP), Security Control Traceability Matrices (SCTM), familiarity with the customer environment, and an understanding of existing AWS services. You will draw upon an information security background, critical thinking, and analytic problem solving skills to support A&A activities, recommend improvements as required, and effectively support the delivery of industry leading, secure services to our Federal customers.

Core Responsibilities include:
Coordinate amongst government customers to produce and implement system security packages across cloud infrastructure platforms.

Work across a wide variety of AWS teams to establish and maintain information security documentation, including security questionnaires, SSPs, and SCTMs.

Responsible for reviewing proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential system security risks, and resolving integration issues related to the implementation of new services with the existing cloud infrastructure.

Implement higher level system security requirements such as those resulting from laws, regulations, or government directives by developing long range plans for security systems that anticipate, identify, evaluate, mitigate, and minimize risks associated with cloud infrastructures’ vulnerabilities or perceived vulnerabilities.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

This position requires that the candidate selected be a US Citizen and obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph.


Solid foundation in service-oriented and web-service technologies
Experience designing and implementing systems using AWS
Familiarity with Information Security or Audit frameworks
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	469	Washington
Automation Technician Engineer(Pharma)	Kelly	Beltsville, MD 20705	None	"Automation Technician Engineer(Pharma)
1 year W2 contract
41$/hr
Harmans.MD
Catalent Cell & Gene Therapy is a rapidly growing Biotech Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) recently recognized as the 2018 Life Science Company of the Year by the Maryland Tech Council (MTC). Catalent provides process development and GMP manufacturing services for Phase I/II clinical trials to industry leaders as well as start-ups utilizing novel technologies to produce innovative gene therapies and vaccines for adults and children with critical unmet medical needs. We are building a new 150,000 square foot single use technology GMP facility which will support Phase III trials and full GMP manufacturing. As a Catalent employee, you will actively contribute to the delivery of our services and products to our customers and their patients.

The Automation Technician will be part of a team reporting to the Manager Automation and will provide key support for various manufacturing systems. This will include Programmable Logic controllers (PLC), process equipment such as Single-Use (SU) Bioreactors, SU Chromatography, Purification & Filtration systems, and Other Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) systems in Manufacturing.

This role will be responsible as the first-responder to Manufacturing system troubleshooting. Including, but not limited to, verification of system connectivity, network communication, performing loop checks/verification, verification of industrial component functionality (i.e., PLC errors), control panel troubleshooting, basic troubleshooting of computerized systems, and like-for-like part replacement.

The role will also require performing on-going Automation PMs and tasks including, but not limited to, user management configuration, system backups, backup review, and support to Commissioning or Validation projects.

For various project assignments/initiatives, the automation technician is responsible for partnering with Quality Assurance and Manufacturing groups in maintaining compliance with CGMP requirements. The role provides multiple opportunities to learn new skills in IT, automation and process analytical technologies and help advance innovative gene therapies to patients.
Must be able to work and be on call off day shifts including weekends in rotation with a staff of engineers.
Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Understand and support all GMPs, safety, and environmental regulations. Periodically reviews automation documents, preventive and corrective maintenance, and SOPs to ensure compliance with GMP and safety.First-responder to equipment and system troubleshooting. Escalation to Automation Engineers based on assessment and preliminary repair tasks.On-floor support of manufacturing and process development.Perform Automation Preventative Maintenance tasks (for example, PLC backups)Complete Automation Support Tasks (for example, User Management)

Education & Experience:
Required:
Associates Degree or equivalent qualification.Effective interpersonal and communication skills (written and oral) are required.Must be well-organized and have ability to prioritize tasks.Experience with PLC troubleshooting and performing backupsExperience with Control Panel troubleshooting. For example, loop checks and like-for-like parts replacement.Experience with reading and understanding P&ID and Wiring diagramsExperience with basic identification of system network or communication failures
Desired:
2 to 4 years’ experience in an Automation role supporting process, laboratory or facility equipment.A working knowledge of the regulatory requirements for pharmaceutical applications.
Why Kelly®?
Your engineering skills are in demand, but how do you find the right fit? Easy. With Kelly® Engineering, our experts connect you with leading organizations where you can learn and grow, collaborate on innovative projects, and keep your skills sharp with top technology. Whether you prefer the variety and flexibility of short-term projects, or are looking for something more long-term, we’re here every step of the way to find your dream engineering job.
About Kelly®
At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance.
]]"	469	Washington
Enterprise System Engineering & Architecture II	Xator Corporation	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.
Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable. Position requires TS/SCI clearance with polygraph.
Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology. Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services. Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support. Security + Certification required Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission. Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks. Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel. Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones. Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation. Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Xator Corporation, and its Subsidiaries, provides equal opportunity to all applicants for employment as required by and/or consistent with applicable country law and company policy. Consistent with the foregoing, Xator Corporation provides qualified applicants consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veterans’ status, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status(s) protected by law. In the United States, Xator Corporation ensures nondiscrimination in all programs and activities in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Vz73K2xl37"	469	Washington
Program Integrator - Level 3 (TS/SCI Poly)	The Kenjya-Trusant Group, LLC	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Clearance Requirement - Active TS/SCI with polygraph


Job Description:

Kenjya-Trusant is seeking a Program Integrator - Level III to provide support on a government contract in the Annapolis Junction, MD area.


Duties, Tasks, and Responsibilities:
Assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and Program Executive Office leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio.
Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative.
Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports.
Draft acquisition and program documents such as Technical Task Orders (TTOs), Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies.
Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.
Required Capabilities:
Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Assist program managers in developing program documentation (TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies), creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Attend contract reviews to assist GPMs in conducting cost estimating and monitoring of program/initiative outcomes.
Advise in the production and tailoring of NSA financial execution reports and program acquisition documentation and ensure affordable, supportable and effective program requirements are specified to meet mission needs.
Provide assistance in analyzing, tracking, and reporting program unfunded requirements in accordance with PEO policies and processes.
Prepare point papers, briefing charts, spreadsheets and other materials to assist in the Government in program decision-making.
Perform data analysis using MS Excel with pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts to present data clearly and effectively.
Create reports to support program management function to include:
a. Bi-Weekly execution reports by program to show funding execution across a program inclusive of budget center, appropriation and source of funding including point solutions & external funding) – how much money does a program have and how is the GPM doing on spending it?
b. Bi-Weekly cost estimating reports by program to show the consolidated burn rate across all contracts that support a program and latest projection for amount of funding required to get through the fiscal year
c. Bi-Weekly combined overview of total budget available vs. total projected costs for remainder of fiscal year (i.e., is there a projected overrun or underrun based on program cost estimates?)
d. BiWeekly report on any areas of concern – e.g., late receipt of external funds, slow execution against certain appropriations
e. Bi-Weekly contracts report by program to track current contract funding run outs (i.e., when will contractor be at risk of work stoppage), current contract periods of performance, planned award dates, burn rate analyses, contractor CDRL deliverables
f. Bi-Weekly Staffing report for LOE contracts, by program, illustrating current and projected staffing, as well as highlighting any areas of concern. Include historic staffing numbers, show positions remaining to be staffed (and their status specifying any delays in filling positions), and show projected staffing for remainder of period of performance. Include attrition metrics.
g. For programs that are going through contract actions and/or ARB baselining, document readiness schedule listing all contract documents required and the status of each against the baseline schedule for completion. (e.g. TTOs, SOWs, CDRL packages, Technical CICA memos, Acquisition Strategies, etc.)
Assist GPM and initiative leads with resource planning and tracking
Prepare and support delivery of presentations to assist with program and initiative status reviews.


Qualifications:
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor’s Degree with a business focus or technical focus is required. In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred. In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts.


THE KENJYA-TRUSANT GROUP, LLC is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business that was established in 2015 as a merger between The Kenjya Group, Inc. and Trusant Technologies, LLC. Our mission is to implement, support and protect the nation’s advanced technology systems, business processes and high-technology facilities. Working with the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, the Intelligence Community, state and local governments, and commercial clients, Kenjya-Trusant provides cyber protection, information technology, engineering, construction management and acquisition support services. We are a small company with big company benefits, including Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, Bonus Potential, Flexible Spending Account, Life Insurance, Short- and Long-Term Disability, Paid Time Off, and a culture of teamwork and continuous learning. Come grow with us!

The Kenjya-Trusant Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. If you require accommodations, please contact our Human Resources Department at (410) 740-4045."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Senior Principal Systems Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior Principal Systems Engineer to join our team in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Design, plan, and integrate VDI solutions with modern deployment techniques such as DevOps and/or DevSecOps.
Develop automation scripts for efficient deployment and operations of cloud based VDI solutions.
Evaluates and reports on new VDI and Mobility technologies to enhance capabilities of virtualized services.
Implement Code First solutions using tools to support a SDDC/VCN that describe and document solutions, complementing the maturation of a CI/CD pipeline
Provides IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SharePoint, Oracle databases, Microsoft SQL Server, Service Now, Altiris, Microsoft Office, Internet Explorer, Adobe Acrobat, HBSS, Splunk, customer line-of-business applications, VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems
Designs and deploys enterprise level disaster recovery solutions
Designs and deploys enterprise class SAN deployments and backup infrastructures, including Data-at-Rest encryption
Designs and deploys new applications and services to the infrastructure
Implements Code First solutions using Infrastructure as Code to describe and to document solutions
Provides systems integration using automated integrating technologies including system deployment leveraging a CI/CD pipeline
Develops automated tests using provided testing framework
Assists Service Operations teams to diagnose and resolve the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to desktop support and deployments
Develops client install packages for across-the-wire system deployments and system upgrades
Writes implementation and design documents describing how security features are implemented
Participates in a Change Management process
Performs requirements analysis, design, and integration for complex software application environments and collaboration infrastructures
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Investigates and resolves operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Participates in technology evaluation and reengineering teams to support strategy-definition and continuous process improvement activities
Develops, enhances, and maintains automation of cloud enablement tools
Participates in the design, implementation and management of workload automation initiatives
Adheres to firm Change Management, Problem Management policies and familiarity with ITIL or other formalized IT operations foundations
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree and 10-12+ years of relevant IT experience, or 7-9+ years with Master’s Degree
5+ years working with cloud platforms
5+ years of experience as an enterprise systems administrator in a client or server environment, including deployment automation tools
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Extensive knowledge of Windows based systems including Hardware, software, networking and storage
Proficiency in PowerShell and/or other scripting languages
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed
Preferred Qualifications:
ITIL v3 or 4 Foundation Certification highly desired
Certifications such as Microsoft Certified Azure Solutions Architect, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure, VMware VCP7 – CMA are highly desired (Computing domain certification is required)
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position up to 75% of the time
Must be able to move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery
Must be able to position self to maintain office supplies on variable height shelving.
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations.
Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
Must be able to observe and detect employee deviations from established policy
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Sr. Java Developer	Powersolv	Washington, DC	None	"Job Title: Software Developer III - Java
Location: Washington DC

Overview:
The purpose of this position is to provide support for critical business functions through the development, implementation, testing and maintenance of applications systems.
Responsibilities:
The position’s essential duties include the following:
Support critical business functions through the development, implementation, and maintenance of applications and systems;
Contribute software development expertise to multiple projects and ensure that specifications are met;
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document software applications;
Follow established software development standards and procedures and contribute towards their improvement;
Develop complex application features and create technical designs;
Participate in peer code and design reviews;
Experienced with a wide range of technologies;
Coordinate with departments and users in the support of business applications.
Represent the IT department in terms of software development expertise in coordination with other departments;

Type of Experience JEE Years of Experience
JEE, EJB 3+, Hibernate 3+, JPA, JMS, JSF, JBoss 4+ 5+ Years
Spring 5+ Years
Oracle 10g+; SQL Server RDBMS concepts 5+ Years
Application Development/Software Engineering/Design Patterns 5+ Years
Web application development 5+ Years
Object oriented design and architecture 5+ Years
Web Services/API Development and use 5+ Years
Technical Documentation 4+ Years

NOTE: In addition, please list any desired experience.
Experience API’s and SOA Patterns
Experience with integration of application software and RDBMS
Knowledge of configuration management, release management principles
Knowledge of SOA
Experience with agile SDLC; Scrum preferred
Experience with high availability architectures
Knowledge of networking and system engineering concepts
Experience with PL/SQL
Experience with scripting languages
Experience with Oracle Access Manager (OAM)
Knowledge of application security concepts

SPECIAL SKILLS:
Analytical and problem solving skills
Developing and/or creating new or more effective ideas, approaches, etc.
Developing and executing short-range plans/decisions
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to exercise sound judgment across a broad range of circumstances"	469	Washington
Sr. Contract Specialist	Cherokee Federal	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	$115,000 - $135,000 a year	Sr Acquisition Specialist, Ft Belvoir*** Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance***SUMMARYThe Sr Acquisition Specialist will assist contracting officers in the development of solutions, recommendations, processes, and specialized instruments such as grants, task orders, cooperative agreements, and other transactions in support of the efforts at DTRA.CN3S provides personalized professional and support services to ensure our clients' success. Whether your program requires mission, IT, environmental or medical support, CN3S offers the best solutions to finish your job on time and within budget. CN3S has proven expertise in navigating the competitive and tribal 8(a) acquisition environments. This gives our clients more control over project scopes and budgets, streamlines the procurement process and alleviates acquisition delays.For more company information, visit our site atESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESIncludes the following:Provide assistance in conducting both pre-and post-award contracting activities.Assist a Contracting Officer by updating and maintaining official contract files.Assist the Contracting Officer by preparing pre-award contractual documents.Prepare routine correspondence or documentation for signature, distribute those actions to the appropriate offices for action, track and provide the status to the Contracting Officer/COR, in file completed actions in the official contract file.Perform task relating to pre-award functions and develop documents including market research, Justification and Approvals, Acquisition Plans and Strategies, and other required documents.Serves as point of contact for assigned procurements.Ensures appropriate funding and required waivers, certifications, approvals and compliance have been obtained for purchase requests.Coordinates with responsible officials to obtain funding waivers, certifications, and approvals.Makes recommendations to the Contracting Officer regarding contract types, methods of solicitation and options.In coordination with the Contracting Officer, prepares milestones, acquisition plans, and all other acquisition-related documents for the acquisition package.Prepares and develops solicitations for the Contracting Officer with appropriate provisions, well-defined statements of work / performance work statements, inappropriate evaluation factors.Assist the Contracting Officer with contract audit recommendations in a timely manner.Prepares evaluation documents for the Contracting Officer from responses to solicitations, including price reasonableness, adequacy of competition, and the compliance with solicitations.Assist the Contracting Officer with price negotiation documents, to include, but not limited to, prices, terms, and conditions.Prepares for the Contracting Officer award documents, consistent with established award factors and the technical board evaluation.Performs other job-related duties as assigned.SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITYNo supervisory or management authority.EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCEMinimum of Bachelor’s degree with at least 24 semester hours in accounting, law, business, finance, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods, or organization and management and 4 years of experience within the past ten (10) years hands-on work as a contract specialist on DoD contracts. Hands-on experience with performance-based contracting, and contracting by negotiation as referenced in FAR Part 15.KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIESKnowledge of Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) Level III, or equivalent, in the contracting career field unless waived by the COR.Proven ability to perform cost/price analysis in reviewing contractor's proposals; reviewing and evaluating direct and indirect cost elements, such as, materials, labor, Other Direct Costs, (ODCs), overhead, general and administrative (G&A) expenses and fixed fee.Skilled in developing, recommending and documenting cost/price objectives for negotiations; and experience in interpreting and applying cost principles and procedures for various types of contracts and acquisitions.Ability to interact daily with contracting officers, program managers, and auditors.Physical sciences knowledge – government acquisitions, cost analysis, DAWIA Level III.Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Clearance.Knowledge of federal and agency laws, regulations, and procedures applicable to the acquisition process and to meeting the performance requirements detailed in this PWS.Professional written and oral communication skills.The ability to guide first-time DOD contractors through the acquisition process, to include contractor education and outreach as appropriate.WORK ENVIRONMENTWork will be primarily performed in a climate-controlled office environment.Job Type: Full-timePay: $115,000.00 - $135,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):What are your salary expectations? Please list a range.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Contract negotiation: 10 years (Required)Government Contracting: 4 years (Required)FAR Part 15: 4 years (Required)License/Certification:DAWIA III (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One location	469	Washington
Sr Executive Assistant, Insurance and Financial Services	National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (N...	Arlington, VA	None	Job DescriptionThe National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA), with offices in Arlington, VA and Lincoln, NE is the trade association for over 900 consumer-owned electric cooperatives serving more than 42 million people. NRECA is committed to harnessing the strength of America’s electric cooperatives into a single powerful voice. NRECA has won the following awards over the past few years:Top Workplace by the Washington Post100 Best Places to Work - ComputerWorld Magazine50 Best Places to Work - The WashingtonianCARE Award Recipient - Recognizing organizations that promote a positive work-life balanceBest Place to Work Award Recipient - Lincoln, NEGold Well Workplace - Wellness Councils of AmericaState of NE Governor's Wellness Award - Grower LevelAt NRECA, we work with people who are leaders in their fields. They are down-to-earth, hardworking professionals committed to helping our members serve their communities. Our work is interesting, constantly evolving, and requires new skills to meet the evolving needs of a dynamic industry. In this collegial, inclusive work environment, united around the compelling purpose and history of electric cooperatives, we thrive. And topping it off, NRECA cares about each person’s overall well-being, encouraging health, financial security, and a sustainable work/life balance. EEO/AA- M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status/Genetic DataSummarySr Executive Assistant, Insurance and Financial Services B.4The primary functions of this position include, but are not limited to (i) providing the highest level of professional administrative support to the Senior Vice President (SVP) and other members of the I&FS executive team, (ii) serving as the recording secretary and administrative coordinator for the I&FS Committee of the NRECA Board of Directors, (iii) operating as the office manager with respect to the facilities and resources of the I&FS department in Arlington, VA, and coordinating the activities of other administrative staff in support of the broader I&FS operation, (iv) managing or coordinating specific strategic projects and initiatives at the direction of the SVP and (v) consistently embracing and modeling the NRECA mission, vision and values.Purpose and MissionProvide the highest level of professional administrative support to the Senior Vice President (SVP) and other members of the I&FS executive team, including:Coordinating development/monitoring of annual I&FS departmental budgets, including operating budgets for the SVP and iCARE CommitteeReviewing/reconciling monthly departmental financial reports to ensure accuracy of revenue/expense allocations and to flag/resolve any errors or discrepancies, including the coding of vendor/contractor invoices and ensuring the accurate and timely processing of paymentsManaging calendars, schedules, meetings, travel arrangements and expense reporting/reconciliations, including anticipating scheduling needs, analyzing/resolving internal and external meeting priorities and conflictsManaging both incoming and outgoing communications and correspondence for the Plan Administrator’s Office, ensuring timely responses to inquiries, drafting/distributing communications and maintaining a secure filing and document storage/retrieval systemManages travel activities/reservations/issue resolution strategically for multiple events to ensure effective use of time and compliance with the NRECA travel guidelinesEnsuring continuity of operations especially during heavy travel periodsProvide support to other I&FS senior staff as needed.Serve as the recording secretary and administrative coordinator for the I&FS Committee of the NRECA board of directors, including:Directing all scheduling and logistics necessary to ensure that Committee meetings run smoothly and effectively, according to the approved agendaCollating, reviewing, publishing, and updating all Committee meeting materials and resources in Diligent according to published deadlinesDocumenting the official minutes for all Committee meeting, ensuring they are accurate, reviewed, approved, and published in a timely mannerOrganizing and maintaining all Committee records in a secure and efficient system to ensure easy retrieval and appropriate retentionCoordinating with the Executive Assistant to the Board and the CEO’s Office to ensure they are aware of all I&FS Committee activities and meeting dates/agendas, issue meeting invitations as appropriateOperate as the de facto office manager with respect to the facilities and resources of the I&FS department in Arlington, VA, including:Directing office space planning, audio visual requirements, facility/maintenance issues, ergonomic evaluations, furniture purchases, supply ordering and inventory managementCoordinating departmental activities involving multiple administrative assistants and support staff in support of the broader I&FS operationAssessing requirements/issues, providing recommendations/solutions and interfacing with NRECA departments to help ensure the maintenance of a safe and healthy workplace for I&FS employees and contractorsCoordinating I&FS floor monitor/safety teams that respond to emergencies and evacuations, and maintaining/updating the I&FS Arlington safety planMaintaining/managing the I&FS Arlington Business Continuity Plan (BCP), including reviewing/updating the BCP on an annual basis, publishing the updated BCP to I&FS senior staff, maintaining the I&FS BCP on the NRECA Business Continuity Management (BCM) SharePoint site, and coordinating/monitoring of annual I&FS BCP testing activities to ensure continuity of operations/productivity regardless of situational conditions.Managing the proper security and disposal of confidential information that s/he may be exposed to in the course of performing this position's duties, in accordance with NRECA’s Personnel & Administrative Policy, HIPAA Privacy and Security Policies, and other procedures manuals/regulationsServing as the designated I&FS Document Custodian, ensuring I&FS teams provide current/accurate information on the management/retention of electronic and paper files, updating the I&FS document retention policy on an annual basis, maintaining the I&FS record retention inventory on the NRECA Record Retention SharePoint site, and coordinating I&FS record management activities with the NRECA Enterprise Content ManagerSupport strategic programs and/or significant initiatives in I&FS as assigned or approved by the SVP, including managing special projects of a sensitive natureModel the NRECA mission, vision and values, including being accountable for consistently delivering service excellence to NRECA members and colleagues, developing/maintaining collaborative and collegial working relationships across NRECA, and demonstrating effective communication and creative problem solving with a positive attitude and a high degree of emotional intelligenceResponsible for the proper security and disposal of any confidential information that he or she may possess in the course of performing this position’s job duties, in accordance with NRECA’s Personnel & Administrative Policy and HIPPA Privacy and Security Policies & Procedures Manuals.*Requirements and Qualifications**Formal Education Required*Bachelor’s Degree in liberal arts studies and 5 years of Executive Assistant experience or 10 years’ experience as an Executive Assistant working with senior management, board of directors and business partners.Experience and Certifications Required10 years of administrative, secretarial, and/or office management experience, with at least 5 years supporting executives and/or board level required. Experience using Diligent Boardbooks or comparable technology for publication and management of sensitive documents/materials; familiarity with Apple iPad a plus.Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (as demonstrated by prior work experience)Knowledge of insurance/employee benefits, investments, and financial services is highly desirable.Ability to quickly learn/adopt new computer skills and applications.Ability to effectively interact with others, work in a team environment and provide follow-up when needed.Strong interpersonal, customer service, organizational and leadership skills a must.Ability to define issues, establish facts and draw valid conclusions and apply to work environment.Ability to manage competing deadlines and multiple projects at various stages of development using effective organization skills and attention to detail.Ability to listen and interpret the customer’s needs, de-escalate difficult customer calls, while at the same time researching the issue and applying broad business and technical knowledge to meet the customer’s satisfaction.Ability to work well as a team member/collaborator with a high degree of emotional intelligence and use discretion in handling sensitive/confidential information.Ability to communicate, both verbally and in writing, with a diverse membership, employees and/or vendors in a clear and precise manner.Ability to use Microsoft Office tools (Excel, Word, Outlook, Power Point, MS Teams) in the day-to-day essential duties of the job.Ability to operate various office equipment such as personal computer, copier, printer, fax machine or other job-related equipment.Ability to provide service excellence by building relationships, being resourceful, responsive and respectful.Essential Physical RequirementsThe worker is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; visual inspection involving small defects, small parts, and/or operation of machines (including inspection); using measurement devices; and/or assembly or fabrication parts at distances close to the eyes.Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects. If the use of arm and/or leg controls requires exertion of forces greater than that for sedentary work and the worker sits most of the time, the job is rated for light work.Disclaimer Statement: The preceding job description has been written to reflect management’s assignment of essential functions. It does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Testing Engineer	Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC)	Washington, DC	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 20 years. We are currently looking for a Testing Manager join our team.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Improve the overall software quality of Point of Sale (POS) and payments applications in use at CBP’s by implementing processes and technology that create a balance of high-quality testing and expedience. The implementation of automation and technology will be a core responsibility of this resource. Liaise among stakeholders and IT personnel in order to elicit, analyze, communicate and validate requirements so as to provide effective and resourceful business and technology solutions.

Key role in defining and implementing Testing and Quality Assurance (QA) processes and technology with a focus on automation. Ability to define, manage, and monitor Testing/QA processes while continually improving the overall software quality and turnaround time for changes. The implementation of Testing/QA for POS and Payment Processing applications requires a blend of core Testing/QA skills with an eye for customer experience effectiveness. Partner with the required Information Technology personnel for the development and maintenance of business-critical solutions within the assigned/aligned business units.


Lead and manage day-to-day Testing / QA activities for the Testing / QA team
Assist with the analysis, revision and quality enhancement of existing business processes
Partner with business to create new quality assurance business processes
Work closely with Business Analysts, Project Managers, Developers, and System Manager to achieve on-time delivery of IT projects, ensuring that each exceeds all quality standards
Establish Testing /QA objectives and define appropriate metrics to measure success
Define and implement quality standards, processes, and procedures
Develop test plans, scenarios, and scripts for the testing new and existing applications
Implement automated Testing / QA tools and technologies to increase the effectiveness of the QA process
Work with software team and vendor to insert Testing / QA milestones throughout the development lifecycle, including quality acceptance, stress, load, regression and/or integration testing
Facilitate / coordinate end-user / UAT testing
Define a process to track, resolve, and report software-related issues / defects and generate and publish metrics and key performance indicators for the IT team and business partners
Test applications against requirements, designs, and / or another applicable project documentation
Test deployment procedures against user and system documentation
Ensure quality control by conducting walkthroughs, reviewing checklists, auditing deliverables and evaluating project milestones against established objectives
Lead the development of requirements for analyzing & selecting Testing / QA tools, including manual and automated solutions
Ability and desire to mentor and share Testing / QA knowledge with IT team members and across the company


Work Experience:

10+ years IT / QA-related experience, at least 5 years managing and leading Testing / QA resources in a client facing environment in a FEDERAL DEPARTMENT/AGENCY
Experience in Software Release Management
Experience in multiple SDLC methodologies, including WaterFall, Iterative, and Agile
Knowledge of databases, system integration skills, C#/VB.Net MS SQL Server development experience in both Windows and Web environments, , and data reporting structures.
Experience in the following areas of focus: Mperium POS suite of products, Xpient, ERP packages (SAP, Oracle), mobile applications, and BI tools.
Working knowledge of testing toolsets and other automation applications (Quick Test Pro, Test Partner, Test Complete, SilkTest, Mercury TestDirector, Worksoft, etc.)
Prior experience with key development toolsets (e.g. Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server (TFS), and databases (MS SQL Server, Pervasive, Access).


Job Skills:

Hard Skills: Requirements include knowledge of databases, system integration skills, C#/VB.Net MS SQL Server development experience in both Windows and Web environments, SDLC, and data reporting structures. Experience in the following areas of focus a plus: ACI Postilion, AJB Software, Retalix POS suite of products, Xpient, ERP packages (SAP, Oracle), mobile applications, and BI tools.
Soft Skills: Excellent communication skills, analytical aptitude, business acumen, client focus, problem solving skills and technical initiative are required. A successful candidate should have excellent team-oriented interpersonal skills and work in a team environment. Competently understands customer requirements; easily troubleshoots and solves problems with minimal supervision and direction; capable of researching and making fact-based, data backed decisions; skilled at developing relationships outside of IT.


Education:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, management information systems or other related field or equivalent experience or certification.


Clearance Requirements: Active CBP Clearance


The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position. Cybermedia Technologies share a passion for delivering ethical service, innovation, and a commitment to results. Cybermedia Technologies is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying its workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).

Please note: Candidate(s) may be required to go through pre-employment screening."	469	Washington
Project Manager	Innovative Emergency Mgmt	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"Why Join IEM?
We are a woman owned company in Emergency Management that embraces teamwork, collaboration, flexible performance, actionable solutions and integrity/ethics. Our work touches everyone. We produce results that matter. Results that save lives – join us while we build a safe, secure and resilient world.
Our Culture:
IEMers believe in the greater good and it is our commitment to attract those who have excellent technical skills, creative minds and innovative ideas to keep propelling us forward.
Primary Location: Client Site(s) in Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD OR Crystal City, VA
Job Summary:
IEM is looking for a suitable candidate to support a potential Department of Defense customer as the Project Manager of a team providing Test and Evaluation (T&E) Information and Data Management System prototyping and demonstration support; this system is based on a configurable low-code cloud-based enterprise software solution combining project management, content (data and documents) management, workflow management, application integration, and business intelligence/data analytics capabilities in order to more efficiently plan and execute T&E projects, manage the T&E results data and reports, and track organizational performance metrics.
Responsibilities:
Provide management, direction, administration, quality management, and leadership of the execution of the prototype development and demonstration project leading to field deployment.
Act as the overall lead, manager, and administrator for the effort.
Direct efforts of cross-competency teams including Contractors at multiple locations and shall serve as the primary interface and POC with Government program authorities and representatives on technical and project issues.
Responsible for regularly briefing leadership on program status and milestones including leading technical demonstrations of prototype system during various phases of development.
Oversee and manage overall project execution schedule by developing procedures, planning and directing execution of the contractual, technical, multi-disciplinary engineering, programming, maintenance, and administrative support effort, and monitoring and reporting progress.
Manage acquisition and employment of project resources and control financial and administrative aspects of the project. Notifies the CORs, immediately, of any problems or issues
Requirements:
Possess a Master of Business and Management (MBM), a Master of Business Administration (MBA), or a master’s degree in a related technical discipline (e.g., Engineering, Computer Science, or Electronics). A Bachelor’s degree with additional years of experience is acceptable.
Possess a minimum of 5 years of Project Management experience managing complex projects in an IT engineering or big data environment.
Possess a minimum of 3 years of experience managing projects utilizing non-traditional program management methodologies (e.g., Agile) in a big data environment.
Possess knowledge of current Department of the Army, Army Test and Evaluation Command (ATEC) T&E process Life Cycle and all existing T&E information, data management and sharing systems.
Possess knowledge of Army’s digital transformation plan to accelerate and improve T&E and other data and information sharing by empowering a digital workforce with democratized access to data, collaboration tools, and advanced analytics.
Possess an active certification in one of the following:
Project Management Institute (PMI) Project Management Professional (PMP), PMI Program Management Professional (PgMP) certification, or equivalent program or project management certification.
Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FAC P/PM) Level 3.
Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) Level III Program Management certification
Hold an ACTIVE SECRET CLEARANCE or higher.
Knowledge of and/or experience with Cloud Hosted data/information sharing and analysis systems under Impact Levels 5 and 6 is a plus.
Benefits and more:
10 paid holidays
Vacation pay
Sick pay
401 (K) plan with matching
Company paid STD and LTD"	469	Washington
Cyber Workforce Developer	Jacobs	Washington, DC 20001 (Swampoodle area)	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
This position is CONTINGENT upon contract award. Our recruiting team will follow up with you on your application. Our hiring team will not start the interview evaluation process until award.

Skills and Tasks
The Cyber Workforce Developer and Manager/Technical Trainer III shall possess the following capabilities:

Develop cyberspace workforce plans, strategies and guidance to support cyberspace workforce manpower, personnel, training and education requirements and to address changes to cyberspace policy, doctrine, materiel, force structure, and education and training requirements.
Knowledge of computer networking concepts and protocols, and network security methodologies.
Knowledge of risk management processes (e.g., methods for assessing and mitigating risk).
Knowledge of national and international laws, regulations, policies, and ethics as they relate to cybersecurity.
Knowledge of cybersecurity principles.
Knowledge of cyber threats and vulnerabilities.
Job Duties

Design/integrate a cyber strategy that outlines the vision, mission, and goals that align with the organization’s strategic plan.
Coordinate with internal and external subject matter experts to ensure existing qualification standards reflect organizational functional requirements and meet industry standards.
Ensure cyber workforce management policies and processes comply with legal and organizational requirements regarding equal opportunity, diversity, and fair hiring/employment practices.
Establish and collect metrics to monitor and validate cyber workforce readiness including analysis of cyber workforce data to assess the status of positions identified, filled, and filled with qualified personnel.
Ability to develop career path opportunities.
Establish cyber career paths to allow career progression, deliberate development, and growth within and between cyber career fields.
Establish manpower, personnel, and qualification data element standards to support cyber workforce management and reporting requirements.
Establish, resource, implement, and assess cyber workforce management programs in accordance with organizational requirements.
Review/Assess cyber workforce effectiveness to adjust skill and/or qualification standards.
Skill in developing workforce and position qualification standards.
Knowledge of Workforce Framework, work roles, and associated tasks, knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Ability to develop policy, plans, and strategy in compliance with laws, regulations, policies, and standards in support of organizational cyber activities.
Ability to leverage best practices and lessons learned of external organizations and academic institutions dealing with cyber issues.
Develop policy, programs, and guidelines for implementation
Establish and maintain communication channels with stakeholders
Identify organizational policy stakeholders.
Provide policy guidance to cyber management, staff, and users.
Seek consensus on proposed policy changes from stakeholders.
Coordinate with organizational manpower stakeholders to ensure appropriate allocation and distribution of human capital assets.
Skill in using manpower and personnel IT systems.
Knowledge of current and emerging cyber technologies.
Knowledge of the organization’s core business/mission processes.
Knowledge of organizational training and education policies, processes, and procedures.
Ability to determine the validity of workforce trend data.
Here’s What You’ll Need:

Qualifications
Educational Requirement:

This position requires a Bachelor's degree in Training and Development, Workplace Education and Development or similar
Certification Requirements:

PMP Preferred
Preferred certification in the field of information security (e.g. Security+, CISSP).

Experience Requirements:

At least 5 years of relevant background in Adult Learning Development and related job experience
Experience presenting and facilitating training
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Process and detail-oriented
Must be a U.S. Citizen

Clearance Level Requirement:

Public Trust
Essential Functions
Work Environment
Work will be performed inside a large facility. An inside environment may be a cubicle (considerations: close quarters, low to moderate noise, bright or dim lighting).

Work assignments vary based on client requirements.

Work may include travel with the military to participate in exercises in austere conditions
Outside work may include various environmental conditions including hot, dusty, cold, icy and windy climates.

Physical Requirements
Sitting at desk. Phone use and PC or laptop. Filing required. May require lifting and carrying boxes of supplies or files up to 25 lbs. Extended periods of sitting while on PC/laptop or phone.

Equipment and Machines
General office equipment, which includes: telephone, fax machine, copier, PC/laptop, and other miscellaneous office equipment.

May require operating motor vehicles.

Attendance
Regular attendance in accordance with established work schedule is mandatory.

It is important to be able to work any shift/designated hours required.

You may be asked to continue performance in support of a war, contingency, or exercise

You may be asked to continue performance during inclement weather or other conditions when others are not permitted to work
Position may require night and weekend work and could include travel with the military to participate in operations/exercises located in areas with field conditions

Travel
Continental and Oversees travel may be required. It is important to maintain a current passport.

Other Essential Functions
Employment is contingent upon obtaining all required certifications within the timeframe specified in a waiver by the government (if applicable) and maintaining required certifications through the duration of the contract. Failure to obtain/maintain required certifications will result in disqualification for this position and could result in termination.
Candidate must exhibit a professional behavior that promotes teamwork, fosters cooperation, and enhances productivity in the workplace. Must be well organized with the ability to coordinate, prioritize and execute multiple tasks simultaneously in a high-pressure environment. Ability to communicate verbally and in writing to work effectively with a variety of government, military and contractor personnel at all levels.

Candidate must be able to interface effectively with individuals at all levels of the organization.
Grooming and dress usually business casual, but dependent on client’s standards. Must not pose a safety hazard to employees working in the same general area.
The position for which you are applying for requires a US government security clearance. This is to advise you, that should you be extended an offer, if you possess a dual citizenship (i.e., citizen of the US and another country), to be granted a clearance you will be required to relinquish your citizenship in the foreign country.
a dual citizenship (i.e., citizen of the US and another country), to be granted a clearance you will be required to relinquish your citizenship in the foreign country.
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), age, medical condition, marital or domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression and transgender status, mental disability or physical disability, genetic information, military or veteran status, citizenship, low-income status or any other status or characteristic protected by applicable law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Information Systems/Network Systems Professional	SimIS Inc.	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)	None	"A senior level information systems and cybersecurity professional reporting to the Project Manager (PM), supporting a DoD or Federal Department customer. Ensures cybersecurity compliance and IT infrastructure integrity IAW Risk Management Framework (RMF) NIST 800 series Special Publication(s). Works collaboratively with the project team and possess the qualifications to:
Provide system and network related solutions for DoD and Federal customer information systems (IS) (information technology (IT) and information assurance (IA)).
Oversee the functioning of networking equipment, follow maintenance standards, and develop new strategies to optimize server operations.
Oversee and provide tasking to the IS group, develop project requirements, track all group tasks to completion, and provide status reporting to the leadership.
Work with other IS team members and end-users to identify and work on connectivity problems, manage complex system requirements, and create technical documentation for users.
Ensure that computer systems and networks remain secure and reliable, monitor network availability, and collect data to enhance security and reliability.
Balance technical knowledge with network and data infrastructure experience to manage and maintain the cloud computing environment(s) and third-party cloud computing platforms.
Establish and configure networks for organization-wide use. Determine data management and information technology needs, recommend how to set up the network and provide users and the organization with constant access to servers and data storage sites.
Determine areas of the IT infrastructure that need attention or expertise, coordinate support to resolve user-side issues, and foster collaboration for successful workflow of the IS department.
Oversee and perform backup operations and system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, network, server and cloud resources, systems, and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups. Perform regular security monitoring to identify any possible intrusions, perform regular file archival and purge as necessary and create, change, and delete user accounts as required.
Maintain reliable system performance through active monitoring and user-reported network issues. Conduct regular tests to ensure that the system meets expectations for speed, security, and reliability. Also work with technicians and administrators to conduct routine system audits, making recommendations to improve reliability and performance.
Develop and deploy performance-enhancing measures throughout the network. Make hardware / software / cybersecurity poster recommendations, such as repairs, replacing or upgrading servers, routers, switches or shifting databases to new software to improve network security, vulnerability deterrence, reliability, or speed. Develop proposals for IS improvements and investments and presents them to the PM and senior leadership.
Work with team members to design and oversee server-side elements of network infrastructure, to include installing network-wide malware protection software, configuring firewalls, and configuring databases and access on the back end.
Ensure that data remains intact, secure, and accessible in case of system crashes by conducting data backups. Determine when to back up or transfer data and take the network offline with the least amount of impact or interruption to the organization and verify data to ensure a successful backup.
Support a S&T and/or RDT&E staff with RMF expertise and recommend projects requirements, scheduling, and budgeting of resources to ensure compliance with DoD and Federal agency requirements.
Perform other related duties as assigned.
Office environment. Some travel (15%) may be required.
Experience, Skills and Qualifications
Requires a bachelor’s degree in related field such as computer or information science, engineering or equivalent. Extensive experience with associates degree and certifications will be considered.
Ability to lead a small team, provide leadership and mentorship, and deliver documentation and projects on time in a fast past environment.
Requires minimum 5 – 7 years’ progressive experience in the related area as an individual contributor.
Expertise in Risk Management Framework and shepherding programs / projects through the RMF lifecycle (eMASS and ATO experience highly desired).
Certifications in compliance with DoD 8570.01-M IAM Level III required (CISM, CISSP, GSLC, or GCISO)
Advanced skillsets with Cisco equipment are highly desirable.
Ability to conduct complex troubleshooting, which requires both advanced technical and creative problem-solving skills.
Ability to support information assurance efforts, using best practices and procedures to protect CUI, proprietary and sensitive data from intrusion, loss, and corruption.
Ample experience designing, implementing, and troubleshooting small to medium sized network architectures.
Highly enthusiastic, creative, and passionate about supporting education and training capability for the warfighter and experienced working in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Positive, collaborative, and dedicated team player who provides IS administration subject matter expertise and guidance to successfully complete complex tasks.
Ability to balance multiple projects to meet tight deadlines and customer satisfaction.
Offer innovative and practical solutions for improving the quality of deliverables and efficacy of process execution.
Ability to operate efficiently in a Windows or Linux platform with advanced skills.
Experience communicating, briefing, and working with senior level government and industry leadership.
Knowledge of existing communications technologies and software.
Outstanding written (prose, editing, proofreading and presentation) and oral communications skills, especially the ability to articulate complex strategic situations and strategies and to effectively communicate to audiences with and without distributed learning experience.
Professional Candidate must be a U.S. citizen, have no foreign contacts, and the ability to obtain/maintain a DoD Secret security clearance.
This is an on-site position with some latitude to work from home dependent on project assigned and customer requirements.
HU20BrjkxL"	469	Washington
Senior Study Data Manager	GSK	Rockville, MD	None	"Site Name: USA - Maryland - Rockville
Posted Date: Apr 27 2021
The Senior Study Data Manager is responsible for coordinating the end to end Data Management study related activities on a day to day basis and is the ultimate accountable of all DM study deliverables in terms of quality & delivery to plan. This role acts as the DM representative at the study core team and is also able to guide Study Data Managers in their tasks.
Responsible for coordinating the end to end Data Management study related activities on a day to day basis and is the ultimate accountable of the DM study deliverables in terms of quality & delivery to plan:
Electronic Case Report Form and (electronic) Diary Cards
Data Management Plan & associated documents
Data Management Report
Interim and final cleaned database freeze
Archival of all DM documents in the eTMF
Archival of the study database and provision of clinical data to the study site
Provides DM operational input into the study design, the clinical protocol, study planning and review of study documents
Create study level timelines for DM deliverables and ensures teams adhere to them
Member of the study core team and acts as the single point of contact for all the DM study related activities & matters
Provides reports, status updates, feedback and advice to key study stakeholders on study progress.
Provides input into the Study Risk Registers for all study DM risks
Acts as the first point of escalation for all DM study issues. Understands, mediates and solves issues related to DM study deliverables and escalated as required to the Oversight Data Manager (the ODM will communicate to the CECT on any issues if applicable)
Ensure DM study deliverables are in compliance with GSK SOPs and regulatory guidelines
The Senior Study Data Manager has the accountability for 1 or several complex studies, and performs the full set of activities of the Study Data Manager (see Job description of SDM) and has the ability and the seniority to manage the delivery of any type of studies (different areas, complex/unusual early setting, new/unusual indication, pivotal / Phase III and efficacy studies, clinical as well as epidemiology).
The Senior Study Manager acts as a mentor & reference model within the Study Data Management Team
The Senior Study Data Manager leads the implementation of new processes, provide ownership on associated written standards & trainings, vendor quality assessments, audits and inspections
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Masters or equivalent: Engineering, Life Sciences, Computer Sciences, Mathematics and Physics or equivalent
4+ years of experience in Data Management.
Clinical Research or Information Systems experience with end to end study responsibility.
Experience with Project Management including risk & time management
Experienced in Data Management and Clinical Systems
Fluent English (written and spoken)
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus
Excellent communication, influencing and negotiation skills within a matrix environment
Good problem solving and project delivery skills
Fluent with CDISC requirements
Understanding of general data flow & database architecture concepts
Good understanding of regulations including ICH-GCP
Exposure to novel technologies is an asset (eDiaries, eCOnsent, eProtocol, Veeva, Power BI
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture. These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.LI-GSK
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site."	469	Washington
Senior IT Program Management Specialist - DOD	Titanium Cobra Solutions	Washington, DC	From $90,000 a year	**Active DoD Secret clearance is required**We are seeking a Senior IT Program Management Specialist to join our team and be part of a growing small business that values its employees. We strive to create a positive work environment and provide our staff with a very competitive salary and benefits package, all while offering excellent opportunities for advancement.KEY ROLE: Provide Defense Business System Program Management expertise to support, guide, and advise Program Managers and the Enterprise Portfolio of Leadership in successfully accomplishing sustainment program objectives via milestones and acquisition decision events. Deliver support across the acquisition decision activities as well as create acquisition documentation that requires stakeholder/sponsor input. Engage and work closely with knowledge management team responsible for maintaining the technical data repository and knowledge management database. Provide support translating user requirements into actionable acquisition plans and required acquisition artifacts including PWSs, SOWs, SOOs, and/or contract deliverables. Research and analyze IT sustainment acquisition issues. Develop sound recommendations utilizing applicable laws and statutes, Department of Defense/Department of the Navy (DoD/DON) regulations and implementing directives for Business Capability Acquisition Cycle (BCAC) Program documentation requirements for BCAC Programs I thru III, IT Service Management and IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) frameworks, total ownership cost goals, and applicable IT industry standards.A successful candidate will also identify and escalate risks in the areas of cost, schedule, budget, performance, and staffing. Draft and finalize acquisition documentation, including the Acquisition Strategy (AS) and plans as required; Cost Analysis Requirements Description (CARD); Acquisition Program Baseline (APB); Acquisition Decision enter and exit criteria, and Problem Statements. Draft and finalize program milestone/Authority to Proceed (ATP) schedule development to support, guide, and advise Enterprise Portfolio of Leadership and Program Managers in successfully accomplishing sustainment program objectives via Milestones/ATPs/ Acquisition Decision events. Support and participate in acquisition, production, transition, and integration efforts conducted at working group meetings, Integrated Product Teams (IPT) sessions, in-process reviews, and other meetings, prepare meeting materials and briefs and summarize programmatic impacts.REQUIRED SKILLS: Eight (8) years of demonstrated experience in DoD Program Management and Acquisition Management for ACAT programs across the acquisition life cycle.Strong ITSM and Network Services experience.Bachelor's degree completed from an accredited college or university.DAWIA Program Management Level III or Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification.Active DoD Secret clearance.Proficient in Microsoft Office products: Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.PREFERED SKILLS: Self-starter with excellent attention to detail skills, data entry skills, and can communicate well.The candidate must be a team player who has excellent writing and communication skills; able to Independently develop and communicate senior-level point papers, briefings, and correspondence, including pre-screening read-ahead and draft executive summaries as requestedPossession of excellent oral and written communication skills, including using computers proficiently to effectively communicate complex procurement regulations, contract strategy, processes, and procedures.Titanium Cobra Solutions is an organization that has a long history of GETTING THE JOB DONE; on-time, on-budget, and within the highest standards of quality. Our staff has a passion to truly make a difference for our client community by tactfully challenging the status quo, while delivering effective solutions that create business value for our customers. Our solution-focused team is a collection of technical, project, and process-oriented professionals who collectively make the impossible, possible. If you are up to the challenge of an always evolving agile organization with ideals that value their personnel’s value – Come join our team.EOE STATEMENTWe are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.Job Type: Full-timeJob Type: Full-timePay: From $90,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):What are your salary expectations?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:DOD (Department of Defense) Project Management: 8 years (Required)Acquisition management for ACAT programs: 8 years (Preferred)ITSM and Network Services: 8 years (Preferred)License/Certification:Active PMP Certification or Dawia PM level III (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	469	Washington
Systems Administrator	DAn Solutions	Springfield, VA	None	"REQUIRES AN ACTIVE TS/SCI WITH CI POLYGRAPH
*** TELEWORK IS NOT AN OPTION. Candidate must report to the work site ***


The System Administrator (SA) is responsible for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure. This individual ensures that system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhere to organizational values, enabling mission success.
We seek to build a team of system administrators who can perform multiple functions. We understand that people have specialties, but seek people open to cross training and willing to apply their skills in multiple areas.

Qualified individuals will have experience in one or more of the following areas:

Desktop Image ManagementVirtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) Support ServicesHome Directory and Profile Support ServicesPrint, Fax and Scan Support Services
Unified Communications Support ServicesE-mail Support ServicesDesktop Software Support ServicesDesktop Entity Support ServicesDomain ServicesDirectory, Authentication and Account Mgmt- O&S - Expanded 12x5Domain Name ServicesDynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP)Patch Management (Windows)
Operations and Support
Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups.Perform regular security monitoring to identify any possible intrusions.Perform daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up to the appropriate media, recovery tapes or disks are created, and media is recycled and sent off site as necessary.Perform regular file archival and purge as necessary.Create, change, and delete user accounts per request.Provide Tier II & III/other support per request from various constituencies. Investigate and troubleshoot issues.Repair and recover from hardware or software failures. Coordinate and communicate with impacted constituencies.MaintenanceApply OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis, and upgrade administrative tools and utilities. Configure / add new services as necessary.Upgrade and configure system software that supports GIS infrastructure applications or Asset Management applications per project or operational needs.Maintain operational, configuration, or other procedures.Perform periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning.Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required.Create and maintain documentation to help train employees resolve day to day issues and knowledge transfer.Identify and execute process improvements and other enhancements that improve operational efficiency.
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS:
Security +Meet the qualifications of one of the customer specified levels (0-4)

COMMUNICATIONS/INTERPERSONAL CONTACTS:

Interpret and/or discuss information with others, which involves terminology or concepts not familiar to many people; regularly provide advice and recommend actions involving rather complex issues. May resolve problems within established practices.

Primary Responsibilities
Provide PC, telephone, voice and video conference support. Quickly respond to customer issues regarding application/hardware related issues, and resolve on the spot problems.

Other duties include:
Unpacking and setting up PCsInstalling PC operating systems via scripted install packages
Installing application software on PCs via scripted install packagesProviding basic user support for the software; PC, telephone and video troubleshooting when operation errors occurProviding limited support related to microcomputer networks and providing user training in basic hardware and software functions.Performs all administration involved with PC (desktop/notebooks) distribution
Performing inventory on software and computer stock and making request for order or ordering new equipmentPerforms service center technology support which may include duties such as installing an IP phone, installing COTS – GOTS software using scripts and install packages, service center technology trouble shooting when operation errors occurWorking closely with other members of Service Operations team, Service Design and Service Transition personnel and other IT technical and applications staff.Supporting network and locally attached printersUse of the Support Center ticket database to track, update and close tickets.Creating and maintaining documentation to help train employees in resolving day-to-day issues and knowledge transfer.
Identify and execute process improvements and other enhancements that improve operational efficiency.

Basic Qualifications

Security+Must currently possess a TS/SCI with Poly to be consideredEducation/Minimum Years Experience:
 HS/GED + 12 years experience
 Associates + 10 years experience
 
Bachelors + 8 years experience


Skills & Tasks: Simple - follows established processes and checklists. Understand sand applies basic concepts. Assists more senior level technicians, specialists, and managers in their activities.
Individual Work / Teamwork or Leadership / Management: Individual Work/Teamwork - Works individually and also as team participant
Guidance:Requires moderate guidance and direction from more senior level technicians, specialists, and/or managers
Education/Min Years Experience: HS/GED - 4 years experience, Associates - 2 years experience, Bachelors - 0 years experience"	469	Washington
Technical Writer/Editor III	Network Runners, Inc.	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"Technical Writer/Editor III
Company Description:
Network Runners, Inc. is an Information Technology Solutions Company - providing innovative IT solutions and organizational support within the DOD and the Civil sector. Our largest presence is in the U.S. Marine Corps, U.S Army, U.S. Navy, DISA, Joint Agencies, DIA, USDA/NIFA, USDA/FNS, USDA/FSIS, USDA/FSA, BPD, BFS etc. providing Information Technology and Organizational Support solutions. Today, NRI’s, experienced and highly qualified team members, are in nearly a dozen cities nationwide. We are recognized for our value, ingenuity and mission focus.

Headquartered in Sterling, Virginia, NRI is now an established CMMI Maturity Level 3 and ISO 9001: 2015/ISO/IEC 200000-1:2011/ISO/IEC 27001:2013,ISO14001 Certified - Small Disadvantaged Business, Woman Owned Small Business, Virginia MBE and Maryland MBE.
Clearance Requirements: Clearance Preferred
Position Description:
Network Runners is seeking a highly motivated Technical Writer/Editor III to support US Army – PEO EIS – Strategic Communication Support Services. The scope of this effort includes a full range of services, to include public affairs support, event management, digital media, graphics, industry relations, Communication, Marketing and Congressional affairs support.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for writes and/or edits marketing and public awareness materials, including reports, blogs, briefings, presentations, and other project deliverables to meet contract requirements.
Responsible for developing outlines and drafts for review and approval by specialists and project managers, ensuring that final documents meet applicable contract requirements and regulations.
Researches and gathers background information for inclusion in project documentation and deliverables.
Required to have experience with relevant information sources, including library resources, technical and financial documents, and client and project personnel, to obtain background information, and verify pertinent guidelines and regulations governing project deliverables.
Responsible for internal and external content and communications strategies.
Knowledge in the use of Associated Press (AP) style and AP style updates is required.
Supports social and digital media campaigns. Reviews, edits and coordinates artifacts with program offices that support Congressional requests.

Minimum Education Level: Bachelor's Degree
Minimum Years of Experience: 10 Years
Telework – Option to telework based on Director approval.

Type of Job: Full Time
Salary: Competitive salary
Attractive Benefits Package: Medical/Dental/Vision/401K/FSA/LTD/STD/PTO/Federal Holidays
Work Location: Ft.Belvoir, VA"	469	Washington
Senior Policy Advisor	Native American Finance Offices Association (NAFOA)	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	Senior Policy Advisor JOB TITLE: Senior Policy Advisor CLASSIFICATION:  Full-time; exemptWORK ENVIRONMENT:  Home office located in Washington DC area required; some required travelREPORTING:  Reports to Board of Directors and Executive DirectorABOUT NAFOA NAFOA is a national non-profit organization (“Organization” or “NAFOA”) providing leadership for the advancement of independent and culturally-vibrant American Indian and Alaska Native communities by promoting excellence in financial management, advocating sound economic and fiscal policy, developing innovative education initiatives, and providing essential information, resources, and support to meet the challenges of economic growth and change.POSITION OVERVIEW Under the direction of the Executive Director or such other position as the Executive Director may designate from time-to-time, the Senior Policy Advisor (“SPA”) is responsible for both managing and supervising the legislative policy practice areas of NAFOA’s operation.As a manager the SPA will make essential decisions that affect all aspects of NAFOA’s legislative policy practice area, including the formulation, development and advocacy of federal Native American policies in the fields of tax, finance, investment, banking, infrastructure, and common sectors such as energy, gaming, and government contracting, as well as issues related to land use, among others.As a supervisor the SPA will supervise the subordinate policy specialist positions currently titled, “Senior Policy Specialist” and “Policy Specialist,” and such other positions as assigned or directed by the Executive director.In addition to his or her supervisory duties, the SPA will participate in researching and advising NAFOA on legislative policy matters impacting Indian Country including, but not limited to tax, finance, investment, banking, infrastructure, and common sectors such as energy, gaming, and government contracting, as well as issues related to land use.POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES Manage NAFOA’s policy practice area.Supervise NAFOA’s policy practice area.Direct, supervise and manage the activities of individuals holding the positions of Policy Specialist, Economic Policy Specialist, and such other personnel as the Executive Director may assign or direct from time-to-time.Work with the NAFOA Director of Operations to recruit, screen, interview, hire, onboard, train, and evaluate individuals for the positions of Senior Policy Specialist, Policy Specialist, and such other personnel as the Executive Director may assign or direct from time-to-time; all subject to final approval by the Executive Director or his or her designee.Remain current regarding major legislative actions, events, key issues, and legislation and other written status reports on key federal issues and legislation that arise from time-to-time, all as related to Indian country and Indian affairs generally.Consistently and persistently develop and maintain personal relationships with members of Congress and/or their respective staffs in the Washington D.C. area.Monitor federal legislative activities that are germane to Indian country generally, and NAFOA’s Members specifically; with an emphasis on activities that affect all aspects of economic development in Indian country; and have a potential impact on NAFOA’s Mission and Purpose.Communicate directly with elected representatives of the House of Representatives, the Senate, Congressional committees and their respective staff members, as well as with staff members of the various federal and non-federal agencies with Native American-related programs, regarding relevant current and future federal policies, issues, grant opportunities, and regulations.Attend, participate in, and/or testify at Congressional hearings, meetings and similar events as needed and appropriate.Consistently and persistently develop and maintain personal relationships with leaders of NAFOA Member tribes, and thought leaders of prominence in Indian country.Attend and help organize policy activities such as hearings, congressional briefings, and other Hill activities.Legislation.− Analyze and/or draft legislative, administrative policy proposals on economic and political grounds for internal NAFOA use.− Generate ideas for legislation, including providing advice and analysis to the Executive Director on the economic and political prospects for various ideas and proposals either originating within the organization or presented by others, including potential legislation or regulatory action.− Write speeches, memoranda, policy position papers, talking points, and similar materials to introduce new legislation to entities like a committee, legislature (e.g., U.S. Congress or state legislature), and/or a Tribal council.− Critically identify and analyze policy documents relevant to NAFOA and its Members; and assist in developing advocacy strategies in anticipation or response.− Provide assistance in the development of NAFOA's federal legislative program prior to the beginning of each calendar year.Stay abreast of, analyze and advise the Executive Director regarding legal cases that impact economic development in Indian Country.Advise NAFOA member tribe leaders and Councils, when requested, on potential pathways to achieve NAFOA’s goals with respect to improving economic growth and opportunity in Indian Country.Dissemination and Application of Professional Expertise.− Summarize and present technical policy information in a manner that others, including NAFOA team members, can understand.− Act as a policy and legislative advisor to others to facilitate educating the tribal community at large about economic matters and legislative initiatives.− Liaise with relevant stakeholders to facilitate implementation of NAFOA’s policy and legislative recommendations and initiatives.− Use experience and expertise to support the educational outreach efforts of NAFOA team members, Member Tribes, students participating in NAFOA educational outreach programs, and relevant others in Indian country at large.Media and Public Relations.− May be asked to answer questions about legislation for reporters, legislative committee members or other legislative staff.− As directed, may meet with NAFOA members, non-profits, agencies or lobbyists to discuss a current or future bill or policy position.− Drafting correspondence, as directed.− Work closely and effectively with the NAFOA public affairs team on achieving its strategic goals.Maintain a level of awareness and knowledge of NAFOA programs, activities and policies necessary to conduct all of the above.REQUIRED SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE, AND ABILITIES Strong working knowledge of Native American culture and the economic policy issues impacting tribal governments. Experience in tribal government operations or understanding tribal governments a plus.Superior communication skills both orally and writing in an effective, organized, professional, and timely manner; including authorship, editing, and proofreading.Attention to detail, accuracy, and deadlines.Strong organizational skills to handle multiple overlapping projects.Ability to effectively work in an environment where interaction with NAFOA team members is primarily through email, texting, telephone, and other distance communications methodologies.Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and prioritize while working under multiple deadlines.Excellent problem solving and negotiation skills;Ability to effectively collect, analyze, organize, distill, and present information.Ability to represent NAFOA in a professional manner.Capacity to undertake work with minimum supervision.QUALIFICATIONS Advanced degree preferred (law, CPA or MBA) or experience may be substituted for education in the primary areas required for this role (e.g., research, policy, business management, finance, or equivalent).Five (5) years of experience in the general topic area of federal Indian policy. Prior government or industry experience may be substituted for direct policy experience.Availability and willingness to travel as necessary.Possess advanced writing skills and the ability to summarize detailed policy issues into easy to read and understood documents. Ability to proofread and edit.WORK HOURS This is a Forty (40) hours per calendar week position, fifty-two (52) weeks per calendar year; provided, however, during the time periods leading up to, during, and immediately following NAFOA conferences and similar events, involvement up to Sixty (60) hours per week will be required.COMPENSATION Annual Salary: Negotiable based on experience and skill set related to the qualifications stated.WORK ENVIRONMENT SPA must live in the greater Washington D.C area.Work from a home office and meet with NAFOA staff and partners in person as directed. Domestic travel is required for conferences, client relationship building, and staff meetings.TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT Position holder must be available during the workday via instant messenger, email, phone, Skype, Facetime, conference calls, web conferencing, and/or other similar methods of communication as may be available and used by NAFOA in the future.Employment at NAFOA is on an “at-will” basis, for no definite period, and may regardless of the date or method of payment of wages or salary, be terminated at any time with or without cause, and with or without notice. Position holder can terminate employment with NAFOA at any time with or without cause, and with or without notice. Other than NAFOA’s Executive Director, no supervisor, director, or other person, irrespective of title or position, has authority to alter the at-will status of position holder’s employment or enter into any employment contract for a definite period of time with position holder. Any agreement with position holder altering position holder’s at-will employment status must be in writing and signed by position holder and NAFOA’s Executive Director.REMOTE OFFICE LOCATION _Home Office Generally __ _ This position offers the flexibility inherent in working from home. To offer this benefit NAFOA expects and considers it to be a job requirement that the SPA create a workspace (“home office”) in his/her dwelling conducive to performing his/her duties on behalf of NAFOA.The SPA is responsible for (i) basic office furniture costs, (ii) the rent and utilities of the home attributable to the office, and (iii) other general supplies to perform the work._Phone and Internet __ _ The success of this position is founded on the use of the Internet and the telephone.Consequently:NAFOA will provide the SPA with a cellphone and laptop computer for his/her use at home or travel, and an external hard drive to be used for backing-up all NAFOA related files of any nature and type.‒ SPA shall provide the Executive Director or his/her designee the user name(s) and passcode(s) for all telephonic, computer, printing, copying, scanning, faxing and/or similar equipment and application programs, websites and all other user name and/or passcode access controlled sites related to any and all NAOFA provided equipment and/or software at the time any such information is first established or changed. This provision of access-related information shall be a continuous and ongoing duty; and essential job function.The SPA may use the NAFOA provided cellphone for personal use that does not cause any additional charges to NAFOA. Outgoing messages or voicemail messages must clearly and professionally indicate the Senior Policy Advisor's role with NAFOA and the ability for someone to leave a message for the Senior Policy Advisor in this capacity.The SPA will be responsible for backing up his/her computer files at least once a calendar month on the hard drive that NAFOA provides, and storing that hard drive in a safe place. In addition, the SPA will have a NAFOA email account that automatically receives and forwards all emails sent from or received by the SPA’s NAFOA email address. Periodically and at least quarterly, the SPA must send him/herself and his/her supervisor a compressed file of his/her NAFOA hard drive to his/her respective NAFOA email accounts, that will serve as a backup in case of a local disaster.NAFOA’s remote working office environment is functional thanks to many tools and protocols the Organization has adopted. This position requires regular communication with the Executive Director or other Executive Director designee(s), fellow colleagues and NAFOA staff, NAFOA Partners, member Tribes, suppliers, vendors, consultants, contractors, and others via email, telephone, conference calls, web conferencing, website posting, blogs, wiki participation, and instant messaging; as well as other forms of communication which may become available in the future.As part of the SPA’s employment with NAFOA, the SPA will need to become familiar and comfortable with using these communication options in order to facilitate an effective working environment for all.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftCOVID-19 considerations:Federal mask mandates will be followed if any appointments are made in the DC area with legislators and their staff.Application Question(s):Experience with Native American tribes is extremely important. Please describe your experience in this area.What is your salary expectations?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Governmental accounting: 3 years (Required)Legislative policy: 5 years (Required)Economic policy: 5 years (Required)Native American culture: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	469	Washington
Project Engineer - Sorting Equipment	MBA CSI	Fairfax, VA 22031	$25 - $41 an hour	"MBA Consulting Services, Inc. (MBA) is a federal government IT systems integrator committed to delivering solutions that solve mission challenges with agility, experience, and innovation. As a mission-focused integrator, we provide a comprehensive range of information technology, engineering, professional services, and facilities management solutions. We have proven expertise in delivering custom data analytics, digital services, systems engineering, human factor engineering, and infrastructure solutions.MBA is headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia, has more than 350 employees, and is in 46 locations worldwide. With proven leadership and a 20-year heritage, our reputation has been forged by acquiring and developing the best talent in a values-driven culture of integrity, respect, and quality solutions.The Project Engineer III will support the Delivery and Mobile Technology organization within the US Government Client. The job requires an engineer to support new package sorting technologies. Will also be responsible for resolving issues associated with equipment performance challenges as well as those associated with the integration of mechanical, computer and electronic engineering disciplines.Essential Functions:Performs engineering design evaluations and works to complete projects within budget and scheduling restraintsReviews industry policies and procedures to ensure data accuracy, security, and regulatory complianceReviews reports of production, malfunction, and maintenance to determine or address problemsProvides technical support for the engineering process. Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular fieldRelies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goalsPerforms a variety of tasks. Works under general supervision; typically reports to a supervisor or managerWorks in a team environment, with internal US Government Client members, and Supplier resourcesA certain degree of creativity and latitude is requiredEducation and Experience:Bachelor's degree in area of specialty5-7 years of experience in the field or a related specialtyExperience using MS Office Suite software (Word, Excel, and Access) and specialized softwareWorks under immediate supervisionTypically reports to a managerAdditional Requirements:Candidate must be able to sit, stand and work at a computer for prolonged periodsStrong mathematical and analytical skillsAbility to work flexible hours when neededMust be able to pass a pre-employment background check & drug test""MBA CSi is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. Women, Minorities, Veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.”#INDHPJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $25.00 - $41.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No"	469	Washington
Technology Product Manager	North American Securities Administrators Association	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	None	NASAA Technology Product Manager Summary of Position The North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA), a prominent Washington D.C. non- profit membership association devoted to supporting the work of state and provincial securities regulators, is seeking to hire a Technology Product Manager. NASAA’s 67 members include the securities regulators in all 50 U.S. states, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the District of Columbia, the provincial and territorial securities regulators in Canada, and the CNBV of Mexico.As the Technology Product Manager, you will be responsible for the management and growth of the association’s Electronic Filing Depository System (EFD). This individual will work closely with the organization’s corporate office staff and leadership, EFD Steering Committee (Committee), Board of Directors and state regulator members, industry users as well as external vendor-developers for the system. He or she will acquire an in-depth knowledge of the goals and desired objectives of the EFD system and lead the in-house EFD team staffed by members of the Legal, and Finance and Operations Departments. The position reports to the Director of Finance and Operations.NASAA offers a competitive compensation package, including medical and dental benefits; disability insurance; life insurance; and retirement fund options.The responsibilities of the Technology Product Manager will include the following: Liaison & Communication Ably represent, interface with, and engage with all system stakeholders including state regulators, internal users, and external system users.Effectively communicate new or enhanced system functionalities so that the vendor-developer understands the resources needed to realize them.Consistently communicates development status to the Committee, the internal EFD team, the ExecutiveDirector.Appropriately engages in-house or outside legal counsel to ensure compliance of EFD with state securities regulations and vendor agreements.Collaborates with Finance and Operations staff to accurately determine and clearly communicate cost/benefit propositions of EFD development.Frequently engage with stakeholders to understand requirements, develop possible courses of action, and manage expectations.Organize, lead, and report on internal EFD team meetings and other recurring meetings.Development In collaboration with NASAA leadership and the Committee, maintain and revise as necessary an overall product roadmap and communicate same to the system’s stakeholders.Create, maintain, prioritize, and sequence the development of enhanced system functionality and bug fixes.Incorporate best practices into overall product approach, especially as it relates to reliability, availability, resiliency, and security.Project ManagementSteer EFD projects to ensure delivery of value to system users.Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders.Ensure that EFD projects are delivered on-time, within scope, and within budget.Effectively manage project risks.Manage vendor performance in completion of project tasks.Recommend changes in direction or courses of action when necessary.Assist the Committee in defining requested changes to the system and guide the EFD system change management process.Provide regular project status reports to stakeholders.Application Support Develop and maintain standards for testing new system functionalities and enhancements.Direct vendor-developer to resolve system issues and provide progress reports to stakeholders.Assist with internal and external communication, provide transparency and information relevant to stakeholders.Qualification for the Technology Product Manager Formal Education and Certification Bachelor’s degreeProject management credential (PMI PMP, PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (OMI-ACP), or Professional Scrum Product Owner (I/II/III) preferred.Knowledge and Experience A minimum of three (3) years technology project management experience and five (5) or more years of relevant work experience.Experience in managing complex web application migrations to cloud platforms like Azure.Thorough understanding of Agile software development methodologies, values, and procedures.Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle.In-depth knowledge of web applications and testing practices and techniques.Demonstrated experience in managing outside vendors for hosting, development, and support.Ability to understand workflows, processes, dependencies, and integrations with other systems.Ability to understand complex technical issues and translate them to non-technical stakeholders.Familiarity with common compliances relevant to EFD such as SOC 1 and SOCBasic understanding of EFD’s development platform and languages: Visual Studio using a combination of .net, C#, and Visual Basic is a plusPersonal Attributes Excellent oral and written communicator.Open to seeking guidance and direction in carrying out the responsibilities of the position.Self-motivated and capable of managing multiple priorities and project deadlines.Team-player with the ability to work alone or in a collaborative environment.Strong analytical skills with a high attention to detail.Committed to continued professional development.A strong interest in investor protection and securities regulationWork Conditions Occasional evening and weekend work to meet deadlines.Sitting for extended periods of time.Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and to handle other computer components.Physically able to participate in training sessions, presentations, and meetings.Some travel may be required for the purpose of stakeholder engagement and requirements gathering.To be considered for this position, please submit a cover letter, resume, and salary requirements. A writing sample may be included as part of the submission. References will not be contacted without prior notice to you. NASAA is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, sex, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. We are committed to diversity in the workplace and promote a drug-free environment.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Product Management: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One location	469	Washington
Desktop Engineer (ISD Engineer II/III)	Navy Federal Credit Union	Vienna, VA 22180	None	"YOUR LIFE'S MISSION: POSSIBLE

You have goals, dreams, hobbies and things you’re passionate about.
What’s Important to You Is Important to Us
We’re looking for people who not only want to do meaningful, challenging work, keep their skills sharp and move ahead, but who also take time for the things that matter to them—friends, family and passions. And we're looking for team members who are passionate about our mission—making a difference in military members' and their families' lives. Together, we can make it happen.
Don’t take our word for it.
FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®
Computerworld® Best Places to Work in IT
FORTUNE® Best Workplaces for Millennials
Forbes® America’s Best Employers
IND123

Basic Purpose

To create, test, and publish software application packages intended for automated distribution throughout the enterprise desktop environment. To provide engineering and technical support for projects. Develop and maintain working knowledge of evolving desktop software packaging technologies, concepts, and trends.

Basic Responsibilities

Perform engineering tasks and project assignments in support of business needsPerform engineering technology research, procurement, deployment, and configuration for new and modified systemsPresent clear, organized and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effective business decisionsWork on projects of varied scopeDevelop and maintain internal engineering documentationOn-call rotation on a 10 week cycleAdhere to internal process and detailed procedures to support engineering functionsParticipate in small project and ad hoc tasksTier III support responsibilities for 17,000+ customers and 23,000+ desktop end-pointsPresent clear, organized and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effectivebusiness decisionsPerform other duties as assigned

Required Qualifications:

Knowledge with concepts and technologies for application software packaging and distributionStrong desktop administration and troubleshooting skillsWillingness to learn new system functions and concepts related to desktop software packagingStrong PowerShell Scripting skills to resolve specific desktop problemsGeneral understanding of how SCCM functions and apply sound troubleshooting techniquesEffective communication and documentation skills in order to write technical and end-user documentationEffective organizational, planning and time management skillsEffective research, analytical, and problem solving skillsEffective skill exercising initiative and using good judgment to make sound decisionsEffective ability to exercise initiative, produce desired results, and achieve objectivesProven skillset in troubleshooting and resolving desktop software application defectsCapable of working on multiple projects and adapting to frequent changing requirements, priorities, and procedures

Desired Qualifications:

Can provide technical guidance in software engineering techniques and automated support tools.Strong understanding and working experience with Windows desktop platforms, Win7/Win10Strong knowledge of packaging tools such as Flexara AdminStudio. Install Shield and Microsoft App-V Sequencer, App-LayeringStrong knowledge of System System Configuration Manager 2012Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Information Technology or the equivalent combination of training and work experience

Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 4:30pm

Locations:
820 Follin Lane, Vienna, VA 22180
5550 Heritage Oaks Drive, Pensacola, FL 32526
141 Security Drive, Winchester, VA 22602

Saraly range: - $74,100 - $139,400

*Due to COVID-19 and social distancing, this position will be temporarily working from home with plans to return to campus at the desired location listed once Navy Federal is back to normal operations. The specific logistics for returning to campus will be determined at a future date by individual leadership*

Equal Employment Opportunity

Navy Federal values, celebrates, and enacts diversity in the workplace. Navy Federal takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans. EOE/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability

Disclaimer

Navy Federal reserves the right to fill this role at a higher/lower grade level based on business need. An assessment may be required to compete for this position.

Bank Secrecy Act

Remains cognizant of and adheres to Navy Federal policies and procedures, and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act."	469	Washington
Project Manager III	Peraton	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.

Qualifications

Requires BA/BS with 10 years of experience with at least 4 years of management level responsibility. Incumbent has specialized knowledge in at least one area of expertise and a general knowledge in 1-2 other areas.
TS/SCI w/Polygraph

Responsibilities

Responsible for the performance of relatively small technical projects or a definable portion of a larger technical program in accordance with contract requirements and company policies, procedures and guidelines. Directs and supervises all support resources for the performance of project assignments and activities. Manages the technical direction of a project through the design, implementation, and testing in accordance with project objectives. Also responsible for acquiring follow-on business associated with assigned projects and for supporting new business development by leading relatively small proposals or assisting with major proposals. Responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provides a single point of contact for those projects. Takes projects from original concept through final implementation. Interfaces with all areas affected by the project including end users, computer services, and client services. Defines project scope and objectives. Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Conducts project meetings and is responsible for project tracking and analysis. Ensures adherence to quality standards and reviews project deliverables. Manages the integration of vendor tasks and tracks and reviews vendor deliverables. Provides technical and analytical guidance to project team. Recommends and takes action to direct the analysis and solutions of problems. May assist in the management of a business unit or department or is at an entry level in management of such under the close supervision of the Division or Program Director. Manages one or more programs. May supervise professional and technical personnel performing in their regular disciplines. May participate in the development and execution of budgets, sales and marketing plans and other strategic tools. Participates in driving initiatives for achieving established objectives. May serve as the primary or assistant technical and management interface for the company, customer, and senior staff. Provides management services including general administrative oversight, time accounting. financial tracking, cost projection, inventory management, personnel evaluation and support. Responsible for the preparation of and accountability for all contract deliverables. Responsible for assisting in the technical leadership and direction to a multidisciplinary staff. Develop and operate a variety of technical systems related to the specific job function. Specify systems requirements and insure that completed systems meet requirements. Support data acquisition process control. Prepares and approves Standard Operating Procedures, Protocols and other technical documentation. Able to supervise, manage, support and evaluate personnel."	469	Washington
Project Manager III (VA)	MPIRE Technology Group, Inc.	Chantilly, VA	None	MPIRE Technology Group, Inc. is seeking a Project Manager for our client in Chantilly, VA. Candidate will be responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provide a single point of contact for those projects. They will take projects from original concept through final implementation, while also interacting with all areas affected by the project including end users, clients, and other internal/external stakeholders.Responsibilities will include: Defines project scope and objectives.Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports.Conduct project meetings and project tracking and analysis.Ensures adherence to quality standards and reviews project deliverables.Manages the integration of subcontractor tasks and tracks and reviews subcontractor deliverables, as applicable.Oversees the efforts of direct reporting resources and/or is responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific project.Track milestones and make adjustments as necessary.Utilize and implement project management methodologies that ensures projects are delivered on time, on budget, adhere to a high-quality standard, and meet customer’s requirements.Requirements: 5+ years’ experience in project management or related field.Experience in agile development, agile coaching, and project management.Experience with managing software application development projects of various sizes, including client interaction and meeting facilitation.Experience defining project scope, developing work plans and project schedules, preparing project estimates, developing resource plans, and compiling project status reports.Extensive experience reviewing software documentation such as requirements specifications, design documents, manuals, test plans/cases, test scripts and test reports.Proficient in SharePoint and Microsoft Excel.Knowledge of Agile/Scrum processes and management tools such as Jira or VersionOne.Experience training/mentoring junior level personnel.Excellent written and communication skills.Certified Scrum MasterAbility to obtain and maintain a public trust clearance.Nice to Have: Project Management Professional (PMP).Experience: Senior Level (10+ years)Education: BA/BS in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related discipline is preferred.About Us: MPIRE Technology Group Inc. (MTG) is Small Business that was founded in Virginia. The company offers information technology services consulting and systems integration. Our core offerings include Software Development, IT/Engineering Support and Cyber Security. MPIRE Technology Group’s technical staff has extensive experience managing and executing the full life cycle of IT infrastructure and development projects. Our teams work alongside their clients helping them to achieve their specific objectives. Our clients continue to use our services because of our high quality of work and our company values.Our Benefits: Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offProfessional development assistanceMPIRE Technology Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.We are not currently working with 3rd parties. We are not currently providing sponsorship.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $1.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Project management: 10 years (Required)Agile: 1 year (Preferred)WBS: 1 year (Preferred)project estimating: 1 year (Preferred)project plans: 1 year (Preferred)sharepoint: 1 year (Preferred)MS Project: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Certified Scrum Master (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	469	Washington
Cyber Security Front Door Team Lead	Invictus International Consulting, LLC	Reston, VA	None	"Title: Cyber Security Front Door Team Lead
Location: Reston, VA or Alexandria, VA
Clearance: TS/SCI w/CI Poly
Responsibilities:
Provide hybrid Tier 0/Tier 1 service desk support to the client's cybersecurity organization, functioning as the Team Lead for the ""Cyber Security Front Door"" (CSFD); the CSFD functions as the client's forward-facing presence to their customers to ensure efficient and accurate routing of cyber requirements
Manage team of 3-5 individuals to include making hiring recommendations, training, and administrative accountability and oversight
Responsible for oversight and execution of the following functions at a Tier 0 level: self-help and user-retrieved information from SharePoint, development and oversight of current detailed product and technical information (manuals, FAQs, communications, knowledge base, SOPs and self-serve FAQs)
Responsible for oversight and execution of the following functions at a Tier 1 level: support for basic customer issues (examples include account reset or password issues), fulfilling service desk requests that need IT involvement and/or lower-level technical personnel, oversight of and training the team to solve known problems and to fulfill service requests by following scripts; facilitation of services being provided through automation of requirements capture/vetting so that the clients customer can request and receive services without involving SMEs; monitoring of email boxes/discussion boards to respond or elevate requirements to appropriate cyber groups or submit requests to upper support tiers
Manage customer facing SharePoint portals (intermediate experience or high aptitude to be able to function as a SharePoint designer and SharePoint content manager)
Escalate requests across multiple environments for RFIs and services from phone calls, emails, tasking systems, and ServiceNow
Re-route requests as necessary within tasking systems and ServiceNow
Support the implementation of client knowledge management practices; including the use of SharePoint
Oversee the use of the requirements management process for the team
Conduct research on organizational TTPs in order to respond to requests and other requirements as necessary
Provide recommendations for areas of improvement within the organization
Ensure oversight of metrics on key performance indicators reporting on tickets/requests for all team operations
Identify and alert high priority issues/projects to leadership
Produce and edit documentation on internal processes, create user guides for deploying and using services
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree or 4 additional years of work experience required
Minimum of 8 years' cyber/information assurance experience with a general intermediate knowledge of cybersecurity disciplines such as RMF, DevSecOps, CND, cybersecurity engineering, continuous monitoring, customer on-boarding
Minimum of 5 years' experience performing IT Service Management (ITSM) and direct experience with ServiceNow
Working knowledge of SharePoint
Familiarity with DoD and IC a plus
Understanding of knowledge management and content management principles
Understanding of the importance of process optimization
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to work independently or as a member of a team
Must possess current IAT Level II certification required (Security + CE); 8570 IAT Level III certification preferred; ITIL v3 Foundations certificate desired
Current active TS/SCI clearance required, with the ability to obtain and maintain a CI polygraph"	469	Washington
Network Engineer - Network Operations Center	Henry M Jackson Foundation For The Advan	Bethesda, MD	None	"Join the HJF Team!
HJF is seeking a Network Engineer to support the Network Operations Center (NOC) located in the Office of the Senior Vice President for the University and the Office of the Vice President for Information and Educational Technology at the Uniformed Services University (USU) in Bethesda, MD. HJF provides scientific, technical and programmatic support services to NOC. US Citizenship is required.
The incumbent of this position serves as a network administrator and systems manager for LAN and WAN, providing overall network infrastructure and data center management and support to University’s students, faculty and staff, as well as USUHS remote sites such as Twin Brooke, Rockledge, 11300 Rockville Pike, and the Post Graduate College, San Antonio, Texas.
Responsibilities:
The incumbent serves as Tier/Level 3 technical advisor to the Division Chief, Network Operations USU, and the NOC technical staff for Local Area Network (LAN) architectures, topologies, and network operating systems. The incumbent is the agency expert in Local Area Networks with specific emphasis on Cisco LAN. (20%)
The incumbent serves on highly specialized projects and is the agency expert in network hardware, software protocols, configuration, and IT telecommunication/network operations and management. As such he/she is responsible for managing all aspects of network architecture design, acquisition, installation and configuration, software and troubleshooting. (20%)
Responsible for recommending, evaluating, selecting, installing and testing LAN hardware, software and the telecommunications interface, assuming lead in technical operations and tracking of local network interface and network servers. Analyze LAN and WAN network systems, including planning, designing, evaluating, selecting operating systems and protocol suites and configuring communication media with concentrators bridges and other devices. Present written results of analysis to supervisor. (20%)
The incumbent provides technical expertise regarding the Cisco Network Operating Systems, VoIP, Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE), Microsoft and Linux operating system, VMware software, Storage area network(SAN), Google Cloud Computing email system, Virtual Private Network (VPN) and guiding technical staff as required. (10%)
Prepare and maintain system plans and instructions/guidance pertaining to the security of their systems operations. Implement Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) updates, patches and perform compliance reporting as required by the USUHS IAVM Program. (10%)
Ensure Risk Management Framework (RMF) controls are implemented for their specific systems, implement DISA Standard Technical Implementation Guide requirements, Security Readiness Reviews (SRRs), and perform compliance monitoring reporting. (10%)
Perform annual assessments to meet RMF review requirements and provide evidence that support compliance reporting requirements. (10%)
May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned or directed by the supervisor. This may include attendance of and participation in required training for role.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Incumbent must have expert knowledge and experience managing Microsoft client/server components in a multi-domain environment to include Web access, Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Post Office Protocol 3 (POP3), Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP), and TCP-IP sufficient to maintain DIACAP security standards, existing operations and implement migration strategies including planning for continuity of operations during server upgrades. Expert knowledge and experience with network printers, patch management servers and other IT systems administration theories and concepts, in addition to TCP/IP client connectivity and client application. excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to work with a wide variety of personnel of varied technical knowledge. The incumbent must have skills to work in a dynamic environment where priorities change rapidly.
Minimum Education: Bachelors degree is required.
Minimum Experience/ Training Requirements: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Required Licenses, Certification or Registration: Vendor training/certification preferred.
Work Environment: The work is performed in a typical office environment.
Background/Security: U.S. citizenship required; eligible to obtain and maintain a Tier III Investigation/ Secret Clearance.
Employment with HJF is contingent upon successful completion of a background check, which may include, but is not limited to, contacting your professional references, verification of previous employment, addresses, education, and credentials, a criminal background check, drug screening, and a department of motor vehicle (DMV) check.
Any qualifications to be considered as equivalents, in lieu of stated minimums, require the prior approval of the Chief Human Resources Officer
Experience
Required
6 - 8 years: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Education
Required
Bachelors or better
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"	469	Washington
Help Desk Technician IV	General Dynamics Information Technology	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
GDIT is seeking candidates to support the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM). Under the I2TS 3 task order, INSCOM ensures reliable, uninterrupted availability of Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Information Management (C4IM) including: networks, hardware, software, engineering, and specialized tools at the point of customer need to support INSCOMs mission. INSCOM and its MSCs provide the enabling layer to connect the Army and its tactical formations to defense and national intelligence agencies via tactical networks. The ability to provide mission critical intelligence is dependent on the successful use of its information technology (IT) networks worldwide.
Responsibilities:
An I2TS 3 Service Desk Specialist (Help Desk Technician IV):
Provides first contact and incident resolution to customers with hardware, software, and application problems. Includes both customer telephone support as well as electronically submitted requests
Provides polite and friendly customer service
Attempts to resolve as many incidents during the first contact, or at Tier I. Efficiently escalates incidents to higher Tier II or Tier III when required
Documents incident status and solutions in incident database tools
Possesses current working knowledge of computers, printers, laptops, and common windows applications
Works through various types Tier II issues with telephone assist
Provides answers to Frequently Asked Questions or solutions to common problems as part of a customer self-help capability
Perform troubleshooting, maintenance, and repair on many types of hardware and software
Assist in repairing computers, printers, digital senders, etc.
Perform Level I/II Active Directory functions such as unlocking accounts, creating and issuing accounts, etc.
Desirable Skills / Experience:
Knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in network administration and support
Knowledge of related hardware and software
Required Certification(s):
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II Computing Environment (CE) Certification as determined by the Program Manager is required prior to support on contract
Required Security Environment Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalent
Computing Environment certification: MTA 98-365, Windows Server Administrator Fundamentals.
Security Clearance:
TS/SCI required
Additional:
Candidates must be willing and able to attain a CI Polygraph for certain positions as determined by the contract
Position may require lifting of objects (i.e. IT Hardware), reaching/bending/kneeling (i.e. plug in cables) and other moderately strenuous activity
This position requires eligibility to obtain a Kuwaiti Work Permit. Effective January 1, 2021, Kuwait will not issue a Work Permit to an individual who is 60 years of age or older and has only a high school education.
High School diploma/GED with 8 years of related experience, or Associate’s degree with 6 years of experience, or Bachelor’s degree with 4 years of experience
#GDITINSCOM
#I2TS3
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Audio Video Service Technician Level III	Bridges System Integration	Herndon, VA 20170	$70,000 - $80,000 a year	"You are the type of leader who wants to push the boundaries of collaboration technology in redefining and shaping Enterprise clients in government and corporate spaces.
You are a true leader and professional who assists the Service Manager in inspiring and molding a talented mix of experienced and promising technicians.
Bridges System Integration (Bridges SI) is a thought leader with a reputation for deploying emerging technologies with a focus on quality assurance. As an early adopter of AV9000, Bridges SI has built a reputation amongst Washington DC’s largest institutions for being the go-to technology partner.
Bridges SI is looking for a Senior Service Technician to continue the development of our growth and reputation.
This position reports directly to the Service Manager.
In this role, you will perform any necessary Service team functions, including supporting AV equipment at customer sites, performing maintenance and providing hardware and software updates when required, editing files and reading drawings, and leading small teams during on-site projects. As a member of the Bridges SI Service Team, you are expected to provide initiative, vision, and teamwork.
You will be a great fit if you are a strong multi-tasker who can walk in the shoes of our clients and identify their technology pain points. The whole of the organization works to resolve client hurdles in creative and impactful ways.
Requirements
RESPONSIBILITES
Recognize majority of common AV brands and Equipment by sight and by name
Understand purpose of AV components in a system
Operate common AV equipment unassisted
Support operating AV equipment for Live events
Provide customer training on how to use an AV system
Fully test a system for proper function and identify what part isn’t working
Experienced in troubleshooting hardware and software. Understands signal flow
Perform most common and standard AV/IT cable terminations
Change PC’s network settings
Connect to Equipment via IP and Serial connections
Configure and set basic settings in equipment.
Load and retrieve files from DSP’s
Load and retrieve files from Control systems
Make settings adjustments in DSP existing file
Edit DSP files or control code with remote support.
Read drawings and system flows
Perform QA inspections
Perform Site surveys for system upgrades or new spaces
Napkin CAD a functioning system.
Set up and balance an audio system
Build a standalone or closed functioning network
Perform advanced video setups, including edge blends, mirror bounce, prism alignment, convergence
Lead small team projects
Provide remote support to other Service and Integration technicians
Mentor and support team members
QUALIFICATIONS
Has a minimum 7 years of direct or related experience in AV industry which can be composed of any combination of; Site support, installation, VTC support, live event support, system design, programming and Quality Assurance.
Understanding of AV systems, signal flow, and proficiency in troubleshooting
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and AI
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and analytics
Must be willing to work in the Herndon, VA office (during non-pandemic times)
Knowledge of lighting, acoustics and millwork
Knowledge of structural engineering practices such as floor, wall, ceiling support
CTS required
Benefits
Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO) including Holidays and Vacation
Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance
401k Plan
Short Term Disability
Long Term Disability
Life Insurance
Service and Recognition Rewards
Family-friendly Company Events
Work-life balance advocation"	469	Washington
Cyber Security Lead	Leidos	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)	None	"Description
Job Description:
The Defense Group of Leidos has an exciting opportunity for a Cyber Security Lead to support efforts for the Army Cloud Common Shared Service Provider (CCSSP) contract located in the Northern Virginia/National Capital Region. This role will provide leadership, technical direction and guidance to a cyber engineering team and Defnce cyber operations team supporting a DOD Security Operations Center (SOC) or Command Operations Center. In addition will be supporting the program security architects in the development of security controls, mentoring others in technical security concepts and ensuring secure cloud practices are followed. Role will play a meaningful role in maintaining the controls that enable the customer organization to operate expertly, cost effectively, and within compliance standards. Will also assist others in interpreting, understanding, and applying information security policies and standards to mitigate information security risks. Develop positive partnerships and work closely with other members of the customer and LEIDOS Information Security and Legal Compliance organizations in a coordinated and focused manner.
Primary Responsibilities
List daily duties and/or specific job responsibilities.
Participate with the client in the strategic design process to translate security and business requirements into technical designs;
Provide Cybersecurity Enterprise Architecture (CEA) support to implement controls to support compliance for the designated system categorizations;
Supervise cyber security engineers who are embedded in agile teams to apply systems cyber security engineering assurance baselined on DoD IA Support Environment guidance and security best practices as well as commercial security best practices;
Support the Vulnerability and Threat Management (VTM) continuous monitoring strategy, tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs), and processes for continuous monitoring and management of known and emerging vulnerabilities and threats
Create reporting and communication strategy to keep ISO and ISSM informed of the security state of the customer cloud environment(s)
Manage and execute the NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with the responsible AO’s cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) program implementation;
Integrate cyber security engineering expertise into agile development and test processes via technical and change control review, as described in the applicable project management, systems engineer, software development and configuration management plans, processes, and procedures;
Generate and deliver RMF related documentation and artifacts to update and maintain accreditations
Plan, monitor, and execute RMF and cyber security-related tasks and activities daily, coordinating with the agile engineering and project milestones to ensure proactive and early insertion of the cyber security requirements;
Coordinate support to enter, monitor, track, and update the status of operational baseline issues via the POA&M record through to resolution;
Monitor information systems for security incidents and vulnerabilities. This includes developing monitoring and visibility capabilities as well as reporting on incidents, vulnerabilities and trends.
Respond to information system security incidents, including the investigation of, countermeasures to, and recovery from computer-based attacks, unauthorized access, and policy breaches coordinating with the Army CSSP
Support investigation of computer and information security incidents to determine extent of compromise to information and automated information systems;
Team responsibilities encompass maintaining computer and information security incidents and damage and threat assessment programs;
Assist with computer forensic and intrusion support to high technology investigations in the form of computer evidence seizure, computer forensic analysis, data recovery, network assessments, researching and maintaining proficiency in tools, techniques, countermeasures, trends in computer network vulnerabilities, data hiding, and network security and encryption;
Design, develop, or provide recommendations for integrated system solutions, ensuring proprietary/confidential data and systems are protected;
Configure and validate secure systems, and test security products/systems to detect computer and information security weakness.
Support cloud certification activities, system hardening, vulnerability testing, and scanning.
Support compliance activities and audits to ensure data-at-rest / -in-transit is utilizing NSA-approved encryption and the enclave is compliant with the DoD SCCA.
Craft IT security architectural artifacts, provide architectural analysis of the security features and relate the existing system to future customer requirements.
Basic Qualifications
US Citizenship and a DoD Secret Clearance
Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cyber Security, or related field, or equivalent experience
Must have a minimum of eight (8) years of relevant and progressively responsible experience leading teams and managing NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with program cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) implementation
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of experience in the past five years) managing a cyber-team in a DOD environment.
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of relevant experience in the past five years) using DOD enterprise cyber tools, such as, ACAS, HBSS, SIEM, Firewalls, and Network Access Control (NAC)
Familiarity with industry standards, guidelines, and regulatory compliance requirements related to information security and cloud computing such as NIST SP 800-53, and FedRamp
Familiarity with the DoD Secure Cloud Computing Architecture (SCCA)
Familiarity with Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide (SRG) Version 1 Release 3 (v1r3), or latest version
Familiarity with security standards and controls specified in DoDI 8500.01 (Cybersecurity) and 8510.01 (RMF)
Cloud computing experience (AWS and/or Azure)
Demonstrated experience with security vulnerability scanning tools & in performing Cybersecurity vulnerability scanning in AWS and/or Azure
Experience in generating and providing RMF required authorization related documentation and artifacts to the customer Information System Security Owner (ISSO) and Manager (ISSM)
Demonstrated experience writing technical responses to POA&M items
Demonstrated experience with security processes, DevSecOps implementation, Cyber Security, and Cloud infrastructure to develop and deploy enterprise level hosting platforms
Possesses an active CISSP (ISC2 Certified Information System Security Professional) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM).
Must have a DoD 8570 IAT Level II (or Level III) Certification (e.g. Sec+ CE)
Preferred Qualifications
List additional skills and experience that is “nice to have” but not required.
It is desired that the lead has the following qualifications:
Experienced with various security tools and processes such as Splunk, Tenable Security, Fortify
Experience with operation of systems to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Azure cloud environment
A professional background in Systems Engineering / Cloud Architecture / Software Development
Experience with Agile Software Development
AWS/Azure Certifications
Experience with scripting languages (Python, Power Shell)
Motivated self-starter with strong written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to create complex technical reports on analytic findings
External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
External Referral Bonus $:
Potential for Telework:
Yes, 100%
Clearance Level Required:
Secret
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Cyber Management
Pay Range:"	469	Washington
Network Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Herndon, VA 20171	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Network Engineer to join our team in the Herndon, VA area.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Provide leadership, mentoring, and quality assurance for Team Members
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree and 5-7 Years of Experience
Knowledge of Cisco Networking and Switching
Working knowledge of the OSI model, TCP/IP, and subnetting
Working knowledge with Microsoft Visio
Working knowledge with Microsoft office
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Windows 10 & Windows Server
Hands on experience configuring various routing protocols.
Hands on experience with Juniper Firewalls (Juniper 300 Series)
Hands on Experience with Cisco Switches and Firewalls (Cisco 3800 & 9000 Series)
Demonstrates experience with tier II/III level troubleshooting.
CCNP Certified
Security Clearance Requirements:
Minimum Secret clearance required to start with the ability to obtain/maintain a Top Secret/SCI clearance.
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary Work.
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Federal Acquisition Consultant - HHS	Censeo Consulting Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Position Description:
We are seeking an Federal Acquisition Consultant to join our team supporting Health and Human Services (HHS). In the role you will provide innovative business strategies, agile procurement solutions, and work with the team to develop and implement the agency procurement policy/processes and provide consulting support to the Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree required
3+ years of experience providing strategic sourcing and procurement consulting support in the public sector
4+ years of experience supporting complex federal acquisitions for a program office; project management and/or Contracting Officer background a plus
Professional certification preferred (CPCM, CFCM, and/or DAWIA/FAC-C III)
Possess knowledge of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), agency-specific regulations, and be knowledgeable of acquisition streamlining initiatives and reforms
Strong understanding of various acquisition approaches and ability to formulate analyses and create comprehensive documentation
Demonstrated performance developing pricing and negotiation positions across fixed price, cost reimbursement, and time-and-materials contract types
Excellent verbal communication and writing skills
Ability to work independently and in a team on complex acquisitions
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite of tools, to include SharePoint
Responsibilities:
Provides acquisition lifecycle planning and execution support to a high-visibility program group within a major HHS component agency
Demonstrates knowledge of major acquisition lifecycle environments for strategy development and associated best practices
Applies knowledge of federal procurement principles, policies, procedures, and standards to implement programmatic requirements
Ensures on-time completion of task deliverables and activities such as developing SOWs/PWSs, IGCEs, market research, RFPs, project and operational plans, and process improvements
Delivers expert advisory support to government senior executives, program managers, CORs, and division managers regarding the acquisition lifecycle
Serves as a liaison between the program and acquisition offices on all matters of complex, high-dollar procurements
Performs on a team as an individual contributor with a proactive approach to project management
Position Particulars:
This is an exempt, full-time position
Location: Washington D.C.
About Censeo:
Censeo Consulting Group, a management consulting firm, is an advisor and partner to management teams who lead some of the largest and most complex organizations in the world. Our key areas of expertise include operations improvement, acquisition strategy, organization effectiveness, and IT strategy with a strong Federal footprint.

Censeo is rapidly growing and has been recognized for our unique approach, culture, and values:
2020 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2019 Ivy Exec #7 Overall Boutique Consulting Firm and #6 Top Consulting Firms for Culture
2018 Consulting Magazine Best Small Firms to Work For
2017 Vault #12 Best Boutique Consulting Firm
2016 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2015 Washington Business Journal’s Philanthropy List
Censeo is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal opportunity to all applicants and employees in full compliance with all applicable state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, gender, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other class protected by applicable state or federal law.
hT4dks4N01"	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Project Manager III	Peraton	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.

Qualifications

Requires BA/BS with 10 years of experience with at least 4 years of management level responsibility. Incumbent has specialized knowledge in at least one area of expertise and a general knowledge in 1-2 other areas.
TS/SCI w/Polygraph

Responsibilities

Responsible for the performance of relatively small technical projects or a definable portion of a larger technical program in accordance with contract requirements and company policies, procedures and guidelines. Directs and supervises all support resources for the performance of project assignments and activities. Manages the technical direction of a project through the design, implementation, and testing in accordance with project objectives. Also responsible for acquiring follow-on business associated with assigned projects and for supporting new business development by leading relatively small proposals or assisting with major proposals. Responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provides a single point of contact for those projects. Takes projects from original concept through final implementation. Interfaces with all areas affected by the project including end users, computer services, and client services. Defines project scope and objectives. Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Conducts project meetings and is responsible for project tracking and analysis. Ensures adherence to quality standards and reviews project deliverables. Manages the integration of vendor tasks and tracks and reviews vendor deliverables. Provides technical and analytical guidance to project team. Recommends and takes action to direct the analysis and solutions of problems. May assist in the management of a business unit or department or is at an entry level in management of such under the close supervision of the Division or Program Director. Manages one or more programs. May supervise professional and technical personnel performing in their regular disciplines. May participate in the development and execution of budgets, sales and marketing plans and other strategic tools. Participates in driving initiatives for achieving established objectives. May serve as the primary or assistant technical and management interface for the company, customer, and senior staff. Provides management services including general administrative oversight, time accounting. financial tracking, cost projection, inventory management, personnel evaluation and support. Responsible for the preparation of and accountability for all contract deliverables. Responsible for assisting in the technical leadership and direction to a multidisciplinary staff. Develop and operate a variety of technical systems related to the specific job function. Specify systems requirements and insure that completed systems meet requirements. Support data acquisition process control. Prepares and approves Standard Operating Procedures, Protocols and other technical documentation. Able to supervise, manage, support and evaluate personnel."	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Senior Systems Engineer	ACS	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Location: Springfield, VA
Clearance Required: Must be a U.S. Citizen and possess a current and active TS/SCI clearance granted by the Department of Defense or an Intelligence Community agency. Must be able to pass a Counterintelligence (CI) Polygraph.
Background:
Assured Consulting Solutions provides strategic and innovative solutions for customer needs across the business, technology, and organizational spectrum. As a member of our team, you will have the chance to work with customers that are both Government and industry leaders and technology innovators.
We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Senior Systems Engineer to join our team. This Senior Systems Engineers execute engineering tasks, taking a multi-discipline approach to full lifecycle engineering including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the NSG, ASG and Federal Agencies to ensure timely and accurate GEOINT. They provide a substantial portion, if not all of, the engineering support to the teams to which they are assigned.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Work closely with current/legacy product managers and SMEs to fully understand and document modernization needs.
Review publications data and structure against conceptual data models and future database plans, and perform data cleanup activities in accordance with established guidelines and direction.
Review and update publications text including structured and unstructured text
Utilizing Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Review and update FrameMaker files, including supporting documentation
Convert documents between FrameMaker versions
Upgrade documents to the latest FrameMaker version
Create final products in PDF format, ensuring quality control and adding value to the user experience
Designing Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
SGML and XML programming and coding.
Publish architectural and engineering drawings depicting modernization plans
Document CONOPS, SOPs and appropriate design solutions and ensure the compatibility of system components.
Perform the full lifecycle of engineering support including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability analysis, resiliency analysis, development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability analysis, and decommissioning.
Provide engineering support for requirements across the NSG and ASG.
Lead the planning, documenting, analysis, and traceability of user requirements and architectures.
Conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assist the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management, and interface design.
Support RFP development and generate engineering documentation for RFPs.
Provide proposal evaluation support as requested by the government.
Provide architectural support.
Identify industry and NGA standards and create IPF unique standards for open architecture, service centric architecture, service oriented architecture, and cloud architecture for inclusion in IPF RFPs, existing contracts, and government development efforts.
Brief assigned activities as required.
Work cross project with other IPF projects to facilitate transition from concept to development to sustainment to decommissioning.
Work across NGA, NSG, and ASG partners to include but not limited to NGA/IPF, NGA/SF, NGA/R, NGA/TD, NGA/TA, DoD, FAA, and foreign partners, to provide engineering support to advance the Foundation GEOINT mission.
Support IPF leadership priorities and guidance
Required Qualifications:
Senior-level demonstrated experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or system engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture/Cloud environments.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with systems engineering lifecycle.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Adobe FrameMaker, XML programming, SGML programming, and Maritime Publications.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Geographic Information Systems
Desired Qualifications:
Master's degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as, engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences or in project management or engineering management.
Certified as an INCOSE System Engineering Professional (CSEP) or DAWIA (level III) in IT or SPRDE or certified Scaled Agile Framework Agilist (SA) or Software Development Framework.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Foundation GEOINT data domains and mission areas.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with NGA Process and tools, to include System Engineering, Acquisition, Configuration Management, Readiness and Security.
Senior-level demonstrated Experience with software coding
Thorough familiarity with Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Advanced word-processing and editing skills including ability to follow established formatting guidance for unstructured and structured text, tables, lists, and other text elements
Advanced familiarity with Adobe PDF format, elements, options, bookmarks, structure, and final product
Basic familiarity with User Experience with digital publications
Basic data entry skills including accuracy
Experience following established guidelines and direction
Quality control experience
Experience performing data cleanup activities
Basic Geographic Information Systems (GIS) skills
Basic SGML programming and basic coding skills
Basic XML programming and basic coding skills
Basic familiarity with data models and conceptual database schema
Education Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences. A degree in Systems Engineering, Project Management, or similar non-technical field does not satisfy this requirement.
Years of Experience:
12-18 years w/ Bachelor's Degree
Each year of degree work past Bachelor's degree can be used for ½ year of work experience
Position Type: Full-Time
Shift: Day
Assured Consulting Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact ACS Human Resources at (703) 662-5062"	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Sr. Applications Programmer	Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, Ltd.	Maryland City, MD	None	Position Summary: Odyssey Systems has an exciting new opportunity for a Sr. Applications Programmer to support the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program’s (CDMRP) Electronic Grants System (EGS).Responsibilities: Duties include, but not limited to:Develop computer application software code for integration into an existing electronic grants management system.Modify existing application code, configurations, and database to accommodate enhancementsMake database changes to accommodate new system functions and featuresAnalyze functional business applications and design specifications for functional areas such as finance, accounting, personnel, manpower, logistics, and contractsEnhance software to reduce operating time and/or improve efficiencyCorrect system errors, defects, and issues associated with the EGS application and/or databaseDevelop block diagrams and logic flow chartsTranslate detailed design into computer softwareTest, debug, and refine the computer software to produce the required productDevelop system design, process flows, and necessary technical architectural documentsPrepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentationProvide technical direction to programmers to ensure program deadlines are metEnsure proper federal government IT security regulations, procedures, and protocols are followedReport any security concerns to the Project ManagerCommunicate and coordinate with hosting facility System Administrators as well as with federal IT staff to meet new user operating environment requirementsQualifications:Minimum Qualifications:Software Developer III: BA/BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 5 years’ experience or MS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 3 years’ experienceCompTIA A+, Network+, or Security+ certificationManagement/TrainingExperience and ability to mentor junior software developers on design patterns and development best practices to ensure quality output to meet program milestones and deliverablesEffective verbal and written communication skills.Technical Skills:Knowledge of a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures in coding software applications and in developing professional-level software application code.Must be proficient in IntelliJ, Ultra Edit, Mozilla Firefox, Oracle SQL Developer, and Microsoft Visio, VMWare ESX, RedHat Linux OS, Java-JDK + Oracle RDBMS.Experience in CI/CD pipeline using SVN, JenkinsExperience as an Agile Software Development Team member (i.e., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, etc.)Experience as an applications programmer on large-scale database management systems.Knowledge of and experience applying automated testing.Knowledge and experience in quality management processes and in the software test/release process.Experience working as an IT Systems Operations and Maintenance team member providing Tier 2 and 3 support.Experience using Customer Relationship Management Systems or Help Desk Ticketing Systems (i.e., Jira (preferred), SalesForce, ServiceNow, etc.)Must be onsite at customer location (Fort Detrick) during business hours and must work effectively in a team environmentExperience working in a regulated environmentExcellent problem solving and analytical, and technical skills.Ability to think critically and act expeditiously to evaluate situations, make decisions, and solve problems.Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to work well with a variety of personalities.Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changes in priorities and aggressive deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePointStrong analytical skillsHighly organized, efficient, and extremely detail-orientedAbility to prioritize among multiple tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environmentAbility to work independently and know when to seek assistancePreferred Qualifications:Desired knowledge and experience with grants management processesAbility to create process maps utilizing Visio or other similar softwareAdditional Information:Place of Performance: Frederick, MDUS Citizenship requiredNational Agency Clearance and Inquiries (NACI)Travel may be required#LI-POSTCompany Overview: Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, is an innovative small business committed to providing world-class technical, management, and training support services to government and public sector clients. We focus on people, processes, and performance to deliver superior results. Since our inception in 1997, our commitment to mission success and customer satisfaction has been recognized with exponential growth and exceptional past performance ratings. We accept challenging assignments and drive projects from the planning stages, through implementation, and into operations and support._Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities_Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior Manager A&A	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"
10+ years of Assessment and Authorization experience in a related industry (experience owning a program/product/feature, scoping requirements, planning milestones, project management and working with technical teams)
10+ years of familiarity with the processes and documentation required to articulate the appropriate system security products or services with stakeholder government customers to define a project scope, requirements, and deliverables.
5+ years experience architecting information systems for authorization under ICD 503 or DoD Risk Management Framework.
DoD Manual 8570 IAM Level III certification
Current, active US Government Security Clearance at the TS/SCI level with Polygraph.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading cloud provider, providing virtual infrastructure, storage, networking, messaging, and many other services to customers all over the world. AWS runs a globally distributed environment, operating at massive levels of scale. Businesses, from start-ups to enterprises, run their operations and applications on AWS’s multi-tenant infrastructure. Governmental organizations are also looking to and depending on AWS for cloud solutions and services.

World Wide Public Sector is looking for an exceptional Senior A&A Project Manager to support Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and audit activities for AWS services in our Federal Delivery Organization (FDO). The FDO is responsible for program management activities across a portfolio of Federal programs, and activities include managing multiple concurrent region expansion work packages, task orders, maintaining the program’s integrated master schedule, risk mitigation strategies, Assessment and Authorization activities, quality assurance and IV&V functions.

This position is based in the Annapolis Junction, MD. You will join a cadre of program management, technical business development, and information security professionals to establish a proactive, results-driven team focused on improving our ability to deliver new capabilities to our customers. As a Senior A&A Project Manager on the A&A team, you will spend the majority of your time working with technical business leaders (such as hardware and software engineering leaders, and technical program managers) to develop and produce A&A related documentation to ensure efficient service onboarding.

The role requires working experience with the Risk Management Framework (RMF), System Security Plans (SSP), Security Control Traceability Matrices (SCTM), familiarity with the customer environment, and an understanding of existing AWS services. You will draw upon an information security background, critical thinking, and analytic problem solving skills to support A&A activities, recommend improvements as required, and effectively support the delivery of industry leading, secure services to our Federal customers.

Core Responsibilities include:
Coordinate amongst government customers to produce and implement system security packages across cloud infrastructure platforms.

Work across a wide variety of AWS teams to establish and maintain information security documentation, including security questionnaires, SSPs, and SCTMs.

Responsible for reviewing proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential system security risks, and resolving integration issues related to the implementation of new services with the existing cloud infrastructure.

Implement higher level system security requirements such as those resulting from laws, regulations, or government directives by developing long range plans for security systems that anticipate, identify, evaluate, mitigate, and minimize risks associated with cloud infrastructures’ vulnerabilities or perceived vulnerabilities.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

This position requires that the candidate selected be a US Citizen and obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph.


Solid foundation in service-oriented and web-service technologies
Experience designing and implementing systems using AWS
Familiarity with Information Security or Audit frameworks
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	469	Washington
Enterprise System Engineering & Architecture II	Xator Corporation	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.
Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable. Position requires TS/SCI clearance with polygraph.
Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology. Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services. Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support. Security + Certification required Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission. Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks. Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel. Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones. Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation. Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Xator Corporation, and its Subsidiaries, provides equal opportunity to all applicants for employment as required by and/or consistent with applicable country law and company policy. Consistent with the foregoing, Xator Corporation provides qualified applicants consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veterans’ status, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status(s) protected by law. In the United States, Xator Corporation ensures nondiscrimination in all programs and activities in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Vz73K2xl37"	469	Washington
Program Integrator - Level 3 (TS/SCI Poly)	The Kenjya-Trusant Group, LLC	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Clearance Requirement - Active TS/SCI with polygraph


Job Description:

Kenjya-Trusant is seeking a Program Integrator - Level III to provide support on a government contract in the Annapolis Junction, MD area.


Duties, Tasks, and Responsibilities:
Assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and Program Executive Office leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio.
Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative.
Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports.
Draft acquisition and program documents such as Technical Task Orders (TTOs), Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies.
Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.
Required Capabilities:
Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Assist program managers in developing program documentation (TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies), creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Attend contract reviews to assist GPMs in conducting cost estimating and monitoring of program/initiative outcomes.
Advise in the production and tailoring of NSA financial execution reports and program acquisition documentation and ensure affordable, supportable and effective program requirements are specified to meet mission needs.
Provide assistance in analyzing, tracking, and reporting program unfunded requirements in accordance with PEO policies and processes.
Prepare point papers, briefing charts, spreadsheets and other materials to assist in the Government in program decision-making.
Perform data analysis using MS Excel with pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts to present data clearly and effectively.
Create reports to support program management function to include:
a. Bi-Weekly execution reports by program to show funding execution across a program inclusive of budget center, appropriation and source of funding including point solutions & external funding) – how much money does a program have and how is the GPM doing on spending it?
b. Bi-Weekly cost estimating reports by program to show the consolidated burn rate across all contracts that support a program and latest projection for amount of funding required to get through the fiscal year
c. Bi-Weekly combined overview of total budget available vs. total projected costs for remainder of fiscal year (i.e., is there a projected overrun or underrun based on program cost estimates?)
d. BiWeekly report on any areas of concern – e.g., late receipt of external funds, slow execution against certain appropriations
e. Bi-Weekly contracts report by program to track current contract funding run outs (i.e., when will contractor be at risk of work stoppage), current contract periods of performance, planned award dates, burn rate analyses, contractor CDRL deliverables
f. Bi-Weekly Staffing report for LOE contracts, by program, illustrating current and projected staffing, as well as highlighting any areas of concern. Include historic staffing numbers, show positions remaining to be staffed (and their status specifying any delays in filling positions), and show projected staffing for remainder of period of performance. Include attrition metrics.
g. For programs that are going through contract actions and/or ARB baselining, document readiness schedule listing all contract documents required and the status of each against the baseline schedule for completion. (e.g. TTOs, SOWs, CDRL packages, Technical CICA memos, Acquisition Strategies, etc.)
Assist GPM and initiative leads with resource planning and tracking
Prepare and support delivery of presentations to assist with program and initiative status reviews.


Qualifications:
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor’s Degree with a business focus or technical focus is required. In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred. In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts.


THE KENJYA-TRUSANT GROUP, LLC is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business that was established in 2015 as a merger between The Kenjya Group, Inc. and Trusant Technologies, LLC. Our mission is to implement, support and protect the nation’s advanced technology systems, business processes and high-technology facilities. Working with the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, the Intelligence Community, state and local governments, and commercial clients, Kenjya-Trusant provides cyber protection, information technology, engineering, construction management and acquisition support services. We are a small company with big company benefits, including Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, Bonus Potential, Flexible Spending Account, Life Insurance, Short- and Long-Term Disability, Paid Time Off, and a culture of teamwork and continuous learning. Come grow with us!

The Kenjya-Trusant Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. If you require accommodations, please contact our Human Resources Department at (410) 740-4045."	469	Washington
Systems Analyst Advisor - TS/SCI - Springfield, VA or Tampa FL	General Dynamics	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Type of Requisition:
Regular
Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:
Top Secret/SCI
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:
Top Secret/SCI
Suitability:
No Suitability Required
Public Trust/Other Required:
Job Family:
Systems Analysis
Job Description:
Systems Analyst Advisor
Top Secret/SCI
Springfield, VA or Tampa, FL
Please take this opportunity to join one of GDIT’s fastest long-standing growing programs! US Battlefield Information Collection and Exploitation System eXtended (US BICES-X) is a cutting edge program supporting DoD intelligence information sharing on current and emerging global threats to mission and coalition partners and emerging nations. With an internationally dispersed team supporting each combatant command, the US BICES-X team is in direct support of the war fighter and their missions. We are seeking a creative and driven professional with a passion for solving real world issues on a cross-functional, fast paced team.
Responsibilities:
Analyzes information from system users and develops solutions that meet the scope and objectives of the system along with addressing system needs. Exercises independent judgement and works with very limited supervision.
Conducts complex form design and layout activities.
Performs preparation of systems specifications.
Uses advanced knowledge to develop technical documentation to guide system users and to assist with the ongoing operation, maintenance and development of systems.
Performs detailed analysis and systems designs with great autonomy.
May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.
May serve as team or task lead. (Not a people manager)
Work with team members, decision makers, and stakeholders to define business requirements and systems goals, and to identify and resolve business systems issues.
Participate in all Systems-related meetings and/or discussions with team members and stakeholders.
Provides input for documentation on new or existing systems.
Ensure the processing of customer requirements is directed and facilitated to the proper functional group.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned.
Participates in special projects as assigned.
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
5+ years of experience.
BA/BS Degree – may substitute additional years of experience
Must be capable of obtaining and maintaining a Top Secret/SCI Security Clearance.
Must meet DOD 8750 requirements and be eligible for IAM level II access upon hire for positions with elevated privileges and must obtain ITIL V4 Foundation within six months of hire.
Ability to work in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment and multi-task while still ensuring high quality of work
Highly organized with strong ability to prioritize work and work autonomously.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Great attention to detail and presentation.
Results driven, highly efficient, energetic and highly motivated.
Must possess a high degree of intelligence, competence, maturity, adaptability, resilience, integrity and initiative
The work is typically performed at client site locations, which requires proper safety precautions; work may require some physical effort in the handling of light materials, boxes or equipment.
Preferred Qualifications:
eMASS
Risk Management Framework (RMF)
IAM II or IAM III
Familiarity of DevOPS, systems integration and continuous monitoring strategies
Working knowledge of DoD and NIST security publications
Desired Certifications:
CASP, CISM, GSLC or CISSP
For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
#dpost #cjobs #cjpost #isdcj #GDITRecruiter #BICES
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Travel Required:
None
Telecommuting Options:
Some Telecommuting Allowed
Work Location:
USA VA Springfield
Additional Work Locations:
USA FL Tampa
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Senior Principal Systems Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior Principal Systems Engineer to join our team in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Design, plan, and integrate VDI solutions with modern deployment techniques such as DevOps and/or DevSecOps.
Develop automation scripts for efficient deployment and operations of cloud based VDI solutions.
Evaluates and reports on new VDI and Mobility technologies to enhance capabilities of virtualized services.
Implement Code First solutions using tools to support a SDDC/VCN that describe and document solutions, complementing the maturation of a CI/CD pipeline
Provides IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SharePoint, Oracle databases, Microsoft SQL Server, Service Now, Altiris, Microsoft Office, Internet Explorer, Adobe Acrobat, HBSS, Splunk, customer line-of-business applications, VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems
Designs and deploys enterprise level disaster recovery solutions
Designs and deploys enterprise class SAN deployments and backup infrastructures, including Data-at-Rest encryption
Designs and deploys new applications and services to the infrastructure
Implements Code First solutions using Infrastructure as Code to describe and to document solutions
Provides systems integration using automated integrating technologies including system deployment leveraging a CI/CD pipeline
Develops automated tests using provided testing framework
Assists Service Operations teams to diagnose and resolve the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to desktop support and deployments
Develops client install packages for across-the-wire system deployments and system upgrades
Writes implementation and design documents describing how security features are implemented
Participates in a Change Management process
Performs requirements analysis, design, and integration for complex software application environments and collaboration infrastructures
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Investigates and resolves operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Participates in technology evaluation and reengineering teams to support strategy-definition and continuous process improvement activities
Develops, enhances, and maintains automation of cloud enablement tools
Participates in the design, implementation and management of workload automation initiatives
Adheres to firm Change Management, Problem Management policies and familiarity with ITIL or other formalized IT operations foundations
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree and 10-12+ years of relevant IT experience, or 7-9+ years with Master’s Degree
5+ years working with cloud platforms
5+ years of experience as an enterprise systems administrator in a client or server environment, including deployment automation tools
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Extensive knowledge of Windows based systems including Hardware, software, networking and storage
Proficiency in PowerShell and/or other scripting languages
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed
Preferred Qualifications:
ITIL v3 or 4 Foundation Certification highly desired
Certifications such as Microsoft Certified Azure Solutions Architect, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure, VMware VCP7 – CMA are highly desired (Computing domain certification is required)
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position up to 75% of the time
Must be able to move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery
Must be able to position self to maintain office supplies on variable height shelving.
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations.
Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
Must be able to observe and detect employee deviations from established policy
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Sr. Java Developer	Powersolv	Washington, DC	None	"Job Title: Software Developer III - Java
Location: Washington DC

Overview:
The purpose of this position is to provide support for critical business functions through the development, implementation, testing and maintenance of applications systems.
Responsibilities:
The position’s essential duties include the following:
Support critical business functions through the development, implementation, and maintenance of applications and systems;
Contribute software development expertise to multiple projects and ensure that specifications are met;
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document software applications;
Follow established software development standards and procedures and contribute towards their improvement;
Develop complex application features and create technical designs;
Participate in peer code and design reviews;
Experienced with a wide range of technologies;
Coordinate with departments and users in the support of business applications.
Represent the IT department in terms of software development expertise in coordination with other departments;

Type of Experience JEE Years of Experience
JEE, EJB 3+, Hibernate 3+, JPA, JMS, JSF, JBoss 4+ 5+ Years
Spring 5+ Years
Oracle 10g+; SQL Server RDBMS concepts 5+ Years
Application Development/Software Engineering/Design Patterns 5+ Years
Web application development 5+ Years
Object oriented design and architecture 5+ Years
Web Services/API Development and use 5+ Years
Technical Documentation 4+ Years

NOTE: In addition, please list any desired experience.
Experience API’s and SOA Patterns
Experience with integration of application software and RDBMS
Knowledge of configuration management, release management principles
Knowledge of SOA
Experience with agile SDLC; Scrum preferred
Experience with high availability architectures
Knowledge of networking and system engineering concepts
Experience with PL/SQL
Experience with scripting languages
Experience with Oracle Access Manager (OAM)
Knowledge of application security concepts

SPECIAL SKILLS:
Analytical and problem solving skills
Developing and/or creating new or more effective ideas, approaches, etc.
Developing and executing short-range plans/decisions
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to exercise sound judgment across a broad range of circumstances"	469	Washington
Cyber Security Analyst III - Incident Response SME III	General Dynamics Information Technology	Bethesda, MD	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day. We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge we can’t turn into opportunity. At GDIT, people are our differentiator.
In this role, you will be a SME responsible for security response to viruses and other potentially catastrophic incidents in customer environments that could be significant security risks. Supports and mentors other analysts who support the incident response functions for the Security Operations Center. In this position the successful candidate:
Communicate and coordinate incident response efforts.
Analyze reports to understand threat campaign(s) techniques, lateral movements and extract indicators of compromise (IOCs).
Act as the SME and technical lead for all incidents.
Carefully document the outcome and lessons learned for all incidents.
Prepare metrics and reports for executive review during and after resolution of any Cyber Incidents.
Coordinate and work closely with legal, HR and law enforcement.
Prepare and process security policy violations discovered from incidents.
Provides technical support on post event network security logs and trend analysis.
Recognize potential, successful, and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises thorough reviews and analysis of relevant event detail and summary information.
Ensure the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications through monitoring of security devices. React to customers escalations.
Identify, analyze, and document actions taken by malicious actors.
Determine sophistication, priority, and threat level of identified malware.
Examine media and malware analysis reports and operational reporting from incidents to correlate similar events, tradecraft, and TTPs of malicious activity. Conduct log and system analysis for various system, and network and security devices.
Experience working within a wide range of environments to include Linux, UNIX, Windows in addition to a strong understanding of networking, the OSI model, and TCP/IP protocols.
Familiarity with Federal and DoD security standards such as NIST, DCID, CNSS and DoD 8500. Experience in implementation of ITIL practices and ISO 2700 family of standards.
Skills
Proven team player with excellent oral and written communications skills.
Capable of working on projects independently and possess strong organizational skills.
Very strong communications skills and analytical aptitude with the ability to express technical concepts effectively, both verbal and in written form
Comprehensive knowledge APT actors; their tools, techniques, and procedures (TTPs)
Knowledge of TCP/IP communications & knowledge of how common protocols and applications work at the network level, including DNS, HTTP, and SMB
Expert knowledge of the Windows file system, registry functions and memory artifacts and/or expert knowledge of Unix/Linux file systems and memory artifacts
Advanced Microsoft Office skills: SharePoint, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, and Word
The position requires a sense of urgency and ownership.
Working knowledge of network infrastructure, cloud computing and security monitoring tools.
Ability to learn new technologies and apply that knowledge to daily workflows.
Attention to detail, organized and able to work and research independently.
Demonstrated adaptability, analytical and problem-solving, and attention to detail.
Experience managing cases with enterprise SIEM or Incident Management systems
Familiarity with Federal and DoD security standards such as NIST, DCID, CNSS and DoD 8500. Experience in implementation of ITIL practices and ISO 2700 family of standards.
Computer networking fundamentals (i.e., basic computer components of a network, types of networks, etc.) and Network traffic analysis methods. Working knowledge of Windows and Linux OS to include experience working in the command line interface. Knowledge of IPS/IDS, Experience managing cases with enterprise SIEM systems (e.g. LCE, ArcSight, Splunk) and other network security tools. Experience reviewing and analyzing network packet captures.
Knowledge of information security event monitoring and detection and incident response; Cyber-attack stages (e.g., reconnaissance, scanning, enumeration, gaining access, escalation of privileges, maintaining access, network exploitation, covering tracks); Attack methods and techniques (DDoS, brute force, spoofing, etc.).
Experience with Vulnerability assessment tools such as NESSUS
Experience with Intrusion Detection Systems and Intrusion Protection Prevention (IDS or IPS) - understanding the functionality and deployment configuration and analysis
Qualifications and Education
BS or equivalent + 5 yrs related experience, or MS + 3 yrs experience in a technically related field OR equivalent related work experience.
Information Security certification required. Security certifications may include, but not be limited to CISSP, CASP, Security+, GSEC, CISA, CISM, GSEC and CEH.
Experience / Certification in project management.
Previous experience on a Computer Incident Response Team (CIRT), Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT), Computer Security Incident Response Center (CSIRC) or a Security Operations Center (SOC) (required)
Minimum at 2 years of in a multi-tenant SOC or Incident Response company (other related fields may be acceptable at discretion of hiring manager)
Strong research background. Knowledge of laws, regulations, policies, and ethics as they relate to cybersecurity and privacy. (a plus, not required)
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Procurement Systems Analyst	Suntiva	Falls Church, VA 22043	None	"Are you a Department of Defense (DoD) acquisitions specialist looking for a career opportunity that offers a balance of independence and leadership support that helps you continue to grow and develop professionally? Suntiva is looking for a Procurement Systems Analyst with functional expertise to support the sustainment of the Standard Procurement System (SPS) for a DoD customer. At Suntiva, we are driven by our passion for helping clients improve the performance of their organizations in significant, measurable, and sustainable ways.
What You Will Be Doing:
Interacting with the defense agency's SPS user community to support functional service requests and incidents
Conducting system configuration analyses and documenting results, to include security model and user functionality reviews
Managing functional change associated with the implementation of software releases – e.g., implementation of pre-award validations with financial systems
Supporting and promoting compliance with DoD and Federal procurement data standards
Working with customers to develop and execute data update strategies, risk mitigation plans, and standard operating procedures
Working closely with cross-functional leads, project managers, and SMEs to ensure that process designs meet both tactical and strategic needs of the customer
Assisting teammates with technical initiatives to improve customer experiences
Interacting with product and technical support help desks to obtain resolution to product issues
Participating in the development of technical and functional documentation, SOPs, etc. for various project deliverables and phases
Working with team members to troubleshoot wide-ranging client functional issues
Participating in team, client and process meetings
This position is contingent upon a contract award
What You Need For This Position:
Active US Government Secret Security Clearance
A minimum of two (2) years of experience working with Standard Procurement Systems (SPS) with intermediate to advanced knowledge of the software components
Experience with managing procurement data in systems integrated with Procurement Desktop - Defense (PD2)
Intermediate to advanced knowledge of DoD and Federal contract writing processes, including the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS)
Experience with documentation development (e.g., SOPs, training aids, desk guides, etc.)
Superior communication skills, customer service skills, and attention to detail
Ability and desire to work in a fast-paced, dynamic customer environment
Ability to travel 5% -10% annually
If You Have This, It Is A Plus
CompTIA Security Plus Certification
Experience performing SPS functional system administration responsibilities
Experience as a Contract Specialist supporting DoD contracts
DAWIA Level III Certification
DAU SPS Functional System Administration Certification(s)
ITIL Foundations Certification
What Suntiva Can Offer You
When joining Suntiva, you can expect the opportunity to address client challenges that matter and have fun in the process.
A values-driven culture. Our corporate values include: Embody great minds and great hearts, Assume good intentions, Foster collaboration and teamwork, Hold ourselves accountable for results, and Do the right thing all the time!
A team-oriented environment with some of the smartest colleagues you'll ever work with.
Growth and development opportunities.
At Suntiva, our employees are our most valuable asset. Our employees bring their great minds and hearts to help our clients achieve their desired results. As such, we want to make sure that we are doing the right thing, all the time by supporting our employees to achieve their desired results in life. We provide a comprehensive and highly competitive total compensation and benefits package that brings you real value and security to enjoy life today and plan for tomorrow.
*****************************************************************************

Equal Employment Opportunity/M/F/disability/protected veteran status
Job: Procurement Systems Analyst
Primary Location(s): Remote / United States - Falls Church
Nearest Major Market: Washington Metro DC
Job Segments: Professional Services, Management Consulting, Defense Acquisition Systems Analyst"	469	Washington
Network/System Administrator	General Dynamics Information Technology	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Pipeline
GDIT is preparing to hire for all levels of Network/System Administrators in various locations. Specific position requirements and locations will be determined in the future. If interested in this position please apply; if qualified a recruiter will contact you with additional information.
Locations may vary; multiple CONUS and OCONUS locations may be available.
Performance shall include:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Experience:
1 - 7 years related experience
Level I – SAP experience desired
Level II – SAP experience required
Level III – Minimum of 2 years of SAP experience
Education:
Bachelor’s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (4 years)
Certifications:
Must meet position and certification requirements outlined in DoD Directive 8570.01-M for Information Assurance Technician Level 2 within 6 months of the date of hire
Security Clearance:
Current Top Secret Clearance with SCI Eligibility
Eligibility for access to Special Access Program Information
Willingness to submit to a Counterintelligence polygraph
Other Requirements:
Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Windows 2008 R2/2012 R2 Server, Microsoft Exchange Server 2003/2010, Microsoft Windows 7/10 operating systems (OS) administration and associated hardware
Working knowledge of CISCO network and switching and virtualization technologies
Working knowledge of Local Area Network (LAN) and Wide Area Network (WAN) technologies and data backup technologies to include communication security (COMSEC) integration
Working knowledge of Risk Management Framework, and, Common Criteria, and System Security Policy as they relate to A&A
Working knowledge and current relevant experience with PL1 & PL2 systems; experience with PL3 & PL4 cross domain solutions is a plus
Must be familiar with security policy/manuals and other guiding policy documents
Ability to work in a dynamic environment and effectively interact with numerous DOD, military/civilian personnel and industry partners
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel)
Possess a high degree of originality, creativity, initiative requiring minimal supervision
Requires travel within the organizational geographic Area of Responsibility (AOR) (note - could be extensive, and will include both air and ground transportation)
Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs.
#AirforceSAPOpportunities
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Information System Security Officer (ISSO)	Crest Security Assurance	United States	$135,000 - $145,000 a year	Key FunctionsThe information system security officer (ISSO) is responsible for the cybersecurity of a program, organization, system, or enclave. The ISSO ensures that the security and privacy posture is maintained for an organizational system and works in close collaboration with the system owner. The ISSO serves as a principal advisor on all matters, technical and otherwise, involving the security and privacy controls for the system and has the knowledge and expertise to manage the security and privacy aspects of an organizational system.Selected Responsibilitiesi. Identify the security and privacy requirements allocated to a system and to the organization.ii. Identify the characteristics of a system.iii. Contribute to determining the boundary of a system.iv. Collaborate with the System Owner to categorize the system and document the security categorization results as part of system requirements.v. Identify stakeholders who have a security and/or privacy interest in the development, implementation, operation, or sustainment of a system.vi. Identify the stakeholder protection needs and stakeholder security and privacy requirements.vii. Identify the types of information to be processed, stored, or transmitted by a system.viii. Identify stakeholder assets that require protection.ix. Conduct an initial risk assessment of stakeholder assets and update the risk assessment on an ongoing basis.x. Select the security and privacy controls for a system and document the functional description of the planned control implementations in a security/privacy plan.xi. Develop a strategy for monitoring security and privacy control effectiveness; coordinate the system-level strategy with the organization and mission/business process-level monitoring strategy.xii. Develop, review, and approve a plan to assess the security and privacy controls in a system and the organization.xiii. Document changes to planned security and privacy control implementation and establish the configuration baseline for a system.xiv. Respond to system risk posture based on the results of ongoing monitoring activities, assessment of risk, and outstanding items in a plan of action and milestones (POA&M).xv. Prepare a plan of action and milestones based on the findings and recommendations of a security assessment report excluding any remediation actions taken.xvi. Update a security plan, security assessment report, and plan of action and milestones based on the results of a continuous monitoring process.xvii. Review the security and privacy status of a system (including the effectiveness of security and privacy controls) on an ongoing basis to determine whether the risk remains acceptable.xviii. Report the security status of a system (including the effectiveness of security and privacy controls) to an authorizing official on an ongoing basis in accordance with the monitoring strategy.xix. Ensure that plans of actions and milestones or remediation plans are in place for vulnerabilities identified during risk assessments, audits, inspections, etc.xx. Ensure that security improvement actions are evaluated, validated, and implemented as required.QualificationsSkillsi. Skill in creating policies that reflect system security and privacy objectives.ii. Skill in applying confidentiality, integrity, and availability principles.iii. Skill in assessing security and privacy controls based on cybersecurity and privacy related principles and tenets. (e.g., CIS CSC, NIST SP 800-53, Cybersecurity Framework, etc.).iv. Skill to apply cybersecurity and privacy principles to organizational requirements (relevant to confidentiality, integrity, availability, authentication, non-repudiation).v. Skill in determining how a security system should work (including its resilience and dependability capabilities) and how changes in conditions, operations, or the environment will affect the security and privacy of the systemvi. Skill in technical writing.vii. Skill in writing about facts and ideas in a clear, convincing, and organized manner.viii. Skill in evaluating the trustworthiness of the supplier and/or product.Required Abilitiesi. Ability to answer questions in a clear and concise manner.ii. Ability to ask clarifying questions.iii. Ability to communicate complex information, concepts, or ideas in a confident and well-organized manner through verbal, written, and/or visual means.iv. Ability to communicate effectively when writing.v. Ability to prepare and present briefings.vi. Ability to produce technical documentation.vii. Ability to design valid and reliable assessments.viii. Ability to operate common network tools (e.g., ping, traceroute, nslookup).ix. Ability to operate different electronic communication systems and methods (e.g., e-mail, VOIP, IM, web forums, Direct Video Broadcasts).x. Ability to apply critical reading/thinking skills.xi. Ability to evaluate information for reliability, validity, and relevance.xii. Ability to function in a collaborative environment, seeking continuous consultation with other analysts and experts—both internal and external to the organization—to leverage analytical and technical expertise.xiii. Ability to think critically.xiv. Ability to monitor advancements in information privacy technologies to ensure organizational adaptation and compliance.xv. Ability to understand technology, management, and leadership issues related to organization processes and problem solving.xvi. Ability to apply techniques for detecting host and network-based intrusions using intrusion detection technologies.xvii. Ability to integrate information security requirements into the acquisition process; using applicable baseline security controls as one of the sources for security requirements; ensuring a robust software quality control process; and establishing multiple sources (e.g., delivery routes, for critical system elements).xviii. Ability to identify critical infrastructure systems with information communication technology that were designed without system security considerations.Required Knowledgei. Knowledge of an organization's information classification program and procedures for information compromise.ii. Knowledge of applicable laws, statutes (e.g., in Titles 10, 18, 32, 50 in U.S. Code), Presidential Directives, executive branch guidelines, and/or administrative/criminal legal guidelines and procedures.iii. Knowledge of Application Security Risks (e.g. Open Web Application Security Project Top 10 list)iv. Knowledge of authentication, authorization, and access control methods.v. Knowledge of computer algorithms.vi. Knowledge of controls related to the use, processing, storage, and transmission of data.vii. Knowledge of critical information technology (IT) procurement requirements.viii. Knowledge of critical infrastructure systems with information communication technology that were designed without system security considerations.ix. Knowledge of current and emerging threats/threat vectors.x. Knowledge of current industry methods for evaluating, implementing, and disseminating information technology (IT) security assessment, monitoring, detection, and remediation tools and procedures utilizing standards-based concepts and capabilities.xi. Knowledge of cyber defense and information security policies, procedures, and regulations.xii. Knowledge of cyber defense and vulnerability assessment tools and their capabilities.xiii. Knowledge of enterprise incident response program, roles, and responsibilities.xiv. Knowledge of how traffic flows across the network (e.g., Transmission Control Protocol [TCP] and Internet Protocol [IP], Open System Interconnection Model [OSI], Information Technology Infrastructure Library, current version [ITIL]).xv. Knowledge of incident categories, incident responses, and timelines for responses.xvi. Knowledge of incident response and handling methodologies.xvii. Knowledge of industry-standard and organizationally accepted analysis principles and methods.xviii. Knowledge of information security program management and project management principles and techniques.xix. Knowledge of intrusion detection methodologies and techniques for detecting host and network-based intrusions.xx. Knowledge of laws, policies, procedures, or governance relevant to cybersecurity for critical infrastructures.xxi. Knowledge of measures or indicators of system performance and availability.xxii. Knowledge of network protocols such as TCP/IP, Dynamic Host Configuration, Domain Name System (DNS), and directory services.xxiii. Knowledge of network security architecture concepts including topology, protocols, components, and principles (e.g., application of defense-in-depth).xxiv. Knowledge of network systems management principles, models, methods (e.g., end-to-end systems performance monitoring), and tools.xxv. Knowledge of network traffic analysis methods.xxvi. Knowledge of new and emerging information technology (IT) and cybersecurity technologies.xxvii. Knowledge of organization's risk tolerance and/or risk management approach.xxviii. Knowledge of Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards.xxix. Knowledge of penetration testing principles, tools, and techniques.xxx. Knowledge of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) data security standards.xxxi. Knowledge of resource management principles and techniques.xxxii. Knowledge of server administration and systems engineering theories, concepts, and methods.xxxiii. Knowledge of server and client operating systems.xxxiv. Knowledge of system administration, network, and operating system hardening techniques.xxxv. Knowledge of system and application security threats and vulnerabilities (e.g., buffer overflow, mobile code, cross-site scripting, Procedural Language/Structured Query Language [PL/SQL] and injections, race conditions, covert channel, replay, return-oriented attacks, malicious code).xxxvi. Knowledge of system life cycle management principles, including software security and usability.xxxvii. Knowledge of system software and organizational design standards, policies, and authorized approaches (e.g., International Organization for Standardization [ISO] guidelines) relating to system design.xxxviii. Knowledge of technology integration processes.xxxix. Knowledge of the organization’s enterprise information technology (IT) goals and objectives.Requirements, Preferred Experience and Certifications U.S. CitizenshipThis requires 7+ years of relevant cyber security experience and is a Senior Position.Required CertificationsCertified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)Relevant CertificationsCompTIA Advanced Security Practitioner (CASP)GIAC Certified Penetration Tester (GPEN)GIAC Continuous Monitoring Certification (GMON)GIAC Information Security Professional (GISP)GIAC Security Essentials Certification (GSEC)GIAC Security Leadership Certification (GSLC)Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA)Certified Authorization Professional (CAP)Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP)Systems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP)CISSP Information Systems Security Management Professional (CISSP-ISSMP)Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $135,000.00 - $145,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offParental leaveReferral programTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)Experience:RMF: 5 years (Required)NIST Standards: 5 years (Required)ISSO: 5 years (Required)License/Certification:CISSP (Required)Certified Information Systems Auditor (Preferred)Contract Length:More than 1 yearContract Renewal:LikelyWork Location:Multiple locationsCompany's website:www.crestassure.comCompany's Facebook page:https://www.linkedin.com/company/crest-security-assurance/Benefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in place	469	Washington
Senior Systems Administrator Tier III (Must have an active Secret Clearance)	SAVA	Sterling, VA	None	"SAVA Workforce Solutions, an Akima Company, delivers enterprise IT and mission support solutions to the federal government, serving the federal civilian, defense, law enforcement and intelligence communities. SAVA helps our customers strengthen national security, improve communications and collaboration and secure the integrity of their data, information systems and networks. Our personnel enjoy competitive benefits packages and challenging roles in work environments committed to innovation, diversity and opportunity for career growth. As an Alaska Native Corporation (ANC), 100% of our company’s profits go back to our 14,300 Iñupiat shareholders that have resided near and above the Arctic Circle for more than 10,000 years. Our business helps support their way of life and contributes to the survival of a culture that has thrived in a challenging environment.

Job Summary:

SAVA is looking to hire an experienced Senior Systems Administrator to join our Tier III team supporting daily operations of a large, complex IT Support Services contract for one of our valuable customers, an important Federal Law Enforcement Agency in Sterling, VA. You will play a major role in the implementation, operations, and maintenance of enterprise systems and applications. The ideal candidate will demonstrate strong experience in assessing enterprise infrastructure performance, analyzing system faults, reviewing diagnostic tests and troubleshooting Windows Operating Systems to identify and resolve problems.

Responsibilities:
Aware of operational best practices that ensure enterprise level information systems are available, reliable and secure.
Energetic professional who is a self-starter with excellent communication skills, strong initiative, and a robust technical understanding of a Windows Server environment, network fundamentals and Active Directory.
Directly assist the contract’s Technical Lead and work with other Tier III administrators on daily infrastructure operations, system management, upgrade and migration planning.
Able to quickly and efficiently troubleshoot, identify, and resolve technical issues related to physical and virtually hosted services across a worldwide network.
Collaborate with the Service Desk, Network Operation Center, Systems Engineers, and enterprise O&M teams to implement, deploy, and maintain platforms supporting essential mission services in a high paced environment.
Plan and execute projects supporting a myriad of enterprise services, including mobility services, virtual desktop and virtual server infrastructure and on premises cloud services.
Evaluate readiness and daily operations through infrastructure provisioning tools, and provide feedback to system engineers and government program managers.
Monitor and evaluate IT Infrastructure performance, including analyzing system resources, monitoring key resource metrics, and resolving operational problems.
Coordinate upgrades, changes, and fix actions for operational services hosted on physical and virtual servers, and develop mature alerting mechanisms to ensure visibility of systems' behavior.
Provide daily operational support of a global, complex, IT enterprise and contribute to key contract deliverables.
Work closely with the Enterprise Information Assurance team to implement best practices based on Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs).
Participate in rotating 24x7 on-call support.

Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications:
Must have and be able to maintain an active DoD Secret clearance, or higher.
Must be willing and able to obtain a DEA Suitability clearance prior to start.
Bachelor's Degree in IT related field, or equivalent experience in lieu of degree.
At least eight (8) years of operational IT systems administration experience focused on supporting large-scale, Windows-based enterprise environments.
Desired Qualifications:
Demonstrated experience in Windows Server 2012/2016 administration and implementation of security controls to meet STIG requirements.
Demonstrated experience in virtual infrastructure technologies, including VMware and Hyper-V, including migration of virtual machines (P2V and V2V)
Must be able to work collaboratively, and cooperatively, as a member of a team, but also work independently and apply sound judgment and effective work prioritization without direct supervision.
Capable of reviewing existing processes and identifying possible process improvements.
Must have a high-level understanding of Enterprise IT Operations, Windows System Administration, including Group Policy management, AD replication, AD PowerShell commands, LDAP queries, and ADSIEdit.
Understanding of Linux and/or UNIX Operating System maintenance.
Experience with NetApp appliances.
Prior experience with ServiceNow, SolarWinds and/or ScienceLogic SL1 experience.
Foundational understanding of network technologies (LAN vs WAN troubleshooting, VLAN identification and Cisco ACI).
One or more of the following certifications desired: MCSE, CCNA, ITIL Practitioner/Expert, VCP-DCV (VMWare), RHCE (Red Hat), CompTIA Server+.
An active DEA Suitability clearanace is highly desired.
The duties and responsibilities listed in this job description generally cover the nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. This is not intended to be a complete list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Subject to the terms of an applicable collective bargaining agreement, the company management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as may be necessary. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.
We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, gender or gender-identity, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or parental status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.
The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance to apply to an open position using our website.
Please do not use the dedicated email or phone number above to inquire on the status of your job application.
In order for our company to stay compliant with government regulations, please apply on line. Please DO NOT email resumes or call in lieu of applying online unless you have a physical and/or mental disability and need assistance with the online application.

Shift: Day Job
Primary Location: US-VA-Sterling
Organization: SAVA
Job: Information Technology
Closing Date (Period for Applying) - External: Ongoing
Travel: Yes, 25 % of the Time
Clearance Level: SECRET"	469	Washington
Cyber Security Front Door Team Lead	Invictus International Consulting, LLC	Reston, VA	None	"Title: Cyber Security Front Door Team Lead
Location: Reston, VA or Alexandria, VA
Clearance: TS/SCI w/CI Poly
Responsibilities:
Provide hybrid Tier 0/Tier 1 service desk support to the client's cybersecurity organization, functioning as the Team Lead for the ""Cyber Security Front Door"" (CSFD); the CSFD functions as the client's forward-facing presence to their customers to ensure efficient and accurate routing of cyber requirements
Manage team of 3-5 individuals to include making hiring recommendations, training, and administrative accountability and oversight
Responsible for oversight and execution of the following functions at a Tier 0 level: self-help and user-retrieved information from SharePoint, development and oversight of current detailed product and technical information (manuals, FAQs, communications, knowledge base, SOPs and self-serve FAQs)
Responsible for oversight and execution of the following functions at a Tier 1 level: support for basic customer issues (examples include account reset or password issues), fulfilling service desk requests that need IT involvement and/or lower-level technical personnel, oversight of and training the team to solve known problems and to fulfill service requests by following scripts; facilitation of services being provided through automation of requirements capture/vetting so that the clients customer can request and receive services without involving SMEs; monitoring of email boxes/discussion boards to respond or elevate requirements to appropriate cyber groups or submit requests to upper support tiers
Manage customer facing SharePoint portals (intermediate experience or high aptitude to be able to function as a SharePoint designer and SharePoint content manager)
Escalate requests across multiple environments for RFIs and services from phone calls, emails, tasking systems, and ServiceNow
Re-route requests as necessary within tasking systems and ServiceNow
Support the implementation of client knowledge management practices; including the use of SharePoint
Oversee the use of the requirements management process for the team
Conduct research on organizational TTPs in order to respond to requests and other requirements as necessary
Provide recommendations for areas of improvement within the organization
Ensure oversight of metrics on key performance indicators reporting on tickets/requests for all team operations
Identify and alert high priority issues/projects to leadership
Produce and edit documentation on internal processes, create user guides for deploying and using services
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree or 4 additional years of work experience required
Minimum of 8 years' cyber/information assurance experience with a general intermediate knowledge of cybersecurity disciplines such as RMF, DevSecOps, CND, cybersecurity engineering, continuous monitoring, customer on-boarding
Minimum of 5 years' experience performing IT Service Management (ITSM) and direct experience with ServiceNow
Working knowledge of SharePoint
Familiarity with DoD and IC a plus
Understanding of knowledge management and content management principles
Understanding of the importance of process optimization
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to work independently or as a member of a team
Must possess current IAT Level II certification required (Security + CE); 8570 IAT Level III certification preferred; ITIL v3 Foundations certificate desired
Current active TS/SCI clearance required, with the ability to obtain and maintain a CI polygraph"	469	Washington
Network Engineer - Network Operations Center	Henry M Jackson Foundation For The Advan	Bethesda, MD	None	"Join the HJF Team!
HJF is seeking a Network Engineer to support the Network Operations Center (NOC) located in the Office of the Senior Vice President for the University and the Office of the Vice President for Information and Educational Technology at the Uniformed Services University (USU) in Bethesda, MD. HJF provides scientific, technical and programmatic support services to NOC. US Citizenship is required.
The incumbent of this position serves as a network administrator and systems manager for LAN and WAN, providing overall network infrastructure and data center management and support to University’s students, faculty and staff, as well as USUHS remote sites such as Twin Brooke, Rockledge, 11300 Rockville Pike, and the Post Graduate College, San Antonio, Texas.
Responsibilities:
The incumbent serves as Tier/Level 3 technical advisor to the Division Chief, Network Operations USU, and the NOC technical staff for Local Area Network (LAN) architectures, topologies, and network operating systems. The incumbent is the agency expert in Local Area Networks with specific emphasis on Cisco LAN. (20%)
The incumbent serves on highly specialized projects and is the agency expert in network hardware, software protocols, configuration, and IT telecommunication/network operations and management. As such he/she is responsible for managing all aspects of network architecture design, acquisition, installation and configuration, software and troubleshooting. (20%)
Responsible for recommending, evaluating, selecting, installing and testing LAN hardware, software and the telecommunications interface, assuming lead in technical operations and tracking of local network interface and network servers. Analyze LAN and WAN network systems, including planning, designing, evaluating, selecting operating systems and protocol suites and configuring communication media with concentrators bridges and other devices. Present written results of analysis to supervisor. (20%)
The incumbent provides technical expertise regarding the Cisco Network Operating Systems, VoIP, Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE), Microsoft and Linux operating system, VMware software, Storage area network(SAN), Google Cloud Computing email system, Virtual Private Network (VPN) and guiding technical staff as required. (10%)
Prepare and maintain system plans and instructions/guidance pertaining to the security of their systems operations. Implement Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) updates, patches and perform compliance reporting as required by the USUHS IAVM Program. (10%)
Ensure Risk Management Framework (RMF) controls are implemented for their specific systems, implement DISA Standard Technical Implementation Guide requirements, Security Readiness Reviews (SRRs), and perform compliance monitoring reporting. (10%)
Perform annual assessments to meet RMF review requirements and provide evidence that support compliance reporting requirements. (10%)
May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned or directed by the supervisor. This may include attendance of and participation in required training for role.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Incumbent must have expert knowledge and experience managing Microsoft client/server components in a multi-domain environment to include Web access, Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Post Office Protocol 3 (POP3), Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP), and TCP-IP sufficient to maintain DIACAP security standards, existing operations and implement migration strategies including planning for continuity of operations during server upgrades. Expert knowledge and experience with network printers, patch management servers and other IT systems administration theories and concepts, in addition to TCP/IP client connectivity and client application. excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to work with a wide variety of personnel of varied technical knowledge. The incumbent must have skills to work in a dynamic environment where priorities change rapidly.
Minimum Education: Bachelors degree is required.
Minimum Experience/ Training Requirements: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Required Licenses, Certification or Registration: Vendor training/certification preferred.
Work Environment: The work is performed in a typical office environment.
Background/Security: U.S. citizenship required; eligible to obtain and maintain a Tier III Investigation/ Secret Clearance.
Employment with HJF is contingent upon successful completion of a background check, which may include, but is not limited to, contacting your professional references, verification of previous employment, addresses, education, and credentials, a criminal background check, drug screening, and a department of motor vehicle (DMV) check.
Any qualifications to be considered as equivalents, in lieu of stated minimums, require the prior approval of the Chief Human Resources Officer
Experience
Required
6 - 8 years: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Education
Required
Bachelors or better
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"	469	Washington
Network/System Administrator	General Dynamics	Washington, DC	None	"Type of Requisition:
Pipeline
Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:
Top Secret/SCI
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:
Top Secret/SCI
Suitability:
Polygraph
Public Trust/Other Required:
Job Family:
Systems Administration
Job Description:
GDIT is preparing to hire for all levels of Network/System Administrators in various locations. Specific position requirements and locations will be determined in the future. If interested in this position please apply; if qualified a recruiter will contact you with additional information.
Locations may vary; multiple CONUS and OCONUS locations may be available.
Performance shall include:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Experience:
1 - 7 years related experience
Level I – SAP experience desired
Level II – SAP experience required
Level III – Minimum of 2 years of SAP experience
Education:
Bachelor’s degree in a related area or equivalent experience (4 years)
Certifications:
Must meet position and certification requirements outlined in DoD Directive 8570.01-M for Information Assurance Technician Level 2 within 6 months of the date of hire
Security Clearance:
Current Top Secret Clearance with SCI Eligibility
Eligibility for access to Special Access Program Information
Willingness to submit to a Counterintelligence polygraph
Other Requirements:
Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Windows 2008 R2/2012 R2 Server, Microsoft Exchange Server 2003/2010, Microsoft Windows 7/10 operating systems (OS) administration and associated hardware
Working knowledge of CISCO network and switching and virtualization technologies
Working knowledge of Local Area Network (LAN) and Wide Area Network (WAN) technologies and data backup technologies to include communication security (COMSEC) integration
Working knowledge of Risk Management Framework, and, Common Criteria, and System Security Policy as they relate to A&A
Working knowledge and current relevant experience with PL1 & PL2 systems; experience with PL3 & PL4 cross domain solutions is a plus
Must be familiar with security policy/manuals and other guiding policy documents
Ability to work in a dynamic environment and effectively interact with numerous DOD, military/civilian personnel and industry partners
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, and Excel)
Possess a high degree of originality, creativity, initiative requiring minimal supervision
Requires travel within the organizational geographic Area of Responsibility (AOR) (note - could be extensive, and will include both air and ground transportation)
Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs.
#AirforceSAPOpportunities
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Travel Required:
None
Telecommuting Options:
Telecommuting Not Allowed
Work Location:
USA DC Washington
Additional Work Locations:
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Help Desk Technician IV	General Dynamics Information Technology	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
GDIT is seeking candidates to support the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM). Under the I2TS 3 task order, INSCOM ensures reliable, uninterrupted availability of Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Information Management (C4IM) including: networks, hardware, software, engineering, and specialized tools at the point of customer need to support INSCOMs mission. INSCOM and its MSCs provide the enabling layer to connect the Army and its tactical formations to defense and national intelligence agencies via tactical networks. The ability to provide mission critical intelligence is dependent on the successful use of its information technology (IT) networks worldwide.
Responsibilities:
An I2TS 3 Service Desk Specialist (Help Desk Technician IV):
Provides first contact and incident resolution to customers with hardware, software, and application problems. Includes both customer telephone support as well as electronically submitted requests
Provides polite and friendly customer service
Attempts to resolve as many incidents during the first contact, or at Tier I. Efficiently escalates incidents to higher Tier II or Tier III when required
Documents incident status and solutions in incident database tools
Possesses current working knowledge of computers, printers, laptops, and common windows applications
Works through various types Tier II issues with telephone assist
Provides answers to Frequently Asked Questions or solutions to common problems as part of a customer self-help capability
Perform troubleshooting, maintenance, and repair on many types of hardware and software
Assist in repairing computers, printers, digital senders, etc.
Perform Level I/II Active Directory functions such as unlocking accounts, creating and issuing accounts, etc.
Desirable Skills / Experience:
Knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in network administration and support
Knowledge of related hardware and software
Required Certification(s):
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II Computing Environment (CE) Certification as determined by the Program Manager is required prior to support on contract
Required Security Environment Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalent
Computing Environment certification: MTA 98-365, Windows Server Administrator Fundamentals.
Security Clearance:
TS/SCI required
Additional:
Candidates must be willing and able to attain a CI Polygraph for certain positions as determined by the contract
Position may require lifting of objects (i.e. IT Hardware), reaching/bending/kneeling (i.e. plug in cables) and other moderately strenuous activity
This position requires eligibility to obtain a Kuwaiti Work Permit. Effective January 1, 2021, Kuwait will not issue a Work Permit to an individual who is 60 years of age or older and has only a high school education.
High School diploma/GED with 8 years of related experience, or Associate’s degree with 6 years of experience, or Bachelor’s degree with 4 years of experience
#GDITINSCOM
#I2TS3
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Audio Video Service Technician Level III	Bridges System Integration	Herndon, VA 20170	$70,000 - $80,000 a year	"You are the type of leader who wants to push the boundaries of collaboration technology in redefining and shaping Enterprise clients in government and corporate spaces.
You are a true leader and professional who assists the Service Manager in inspiring and molding a talented mix of experienced and promising technicians.
Bridges System Integration (Bridges SI) is a thought leader with a reputation for deploying emerging technologies with a focus on quality assurance. As an early adopter of AV9000, Bridges SI has built a reputation amongst Washington DC’s largest institutions for being the go-to technology partner.
Bridges SI is looking for a Senior Service Technician to continue the development of our growth and reputation.
This position reports directly to the Service Manager.
In this role, you will perform any necessary Service team functions, including supporting AV equipment at customer sites, performing maintenance and providing hardware and software updates when required, editing files and reading drawings, and leading small teams during on-site projects. As a member of the Bridges SI Service Team, you are expected to provide initiative, vision, and teamwork.
You will be a great fit if you are a strong multi-tasker who can walk in the shoes of our clients and identify their technology pain points. The whole of the organization works to resolve client hurdles in creative and impactful ways.
Requirements
RESPONSIBILITES
Recognize majority of common AV brands and Equipment by sight and by name
Understand purpose of AV components in a system
Operate common AV equipment unassisted
Support operating AV equipment for Live events
Provide customer training on how to use an AV system
Fully test a system for proper function and identify what part isn’t working
Experienced in troubleshooting hardware and software. Understands signal flow
Perform most common and standard AV/IT cable terminations
Change PC’s network settings
Connect to Equipment via IP and Serial connections
Configure and set basic settings in equipment.
Load and retrieve files from DSP’s
Load and retrieve files from Control systems
Make settings adjustments in DSP existing file
Edit DSP files or control code with remote support.
Read drawings and system flows
Perform QA inspections
Perform Site surveys for system upgrades or new spaces
Napkin CAD a functioning system.
Set up and balance an audio system
Build a standalone or closed functioning network
Perform advanced video setups, including edge blends, mirror bounce, prism alignment, convergence
Lead small team projects
Provide remote support to other Service and Integration technicians
Mentor and support team members
QUALIFICATIONS
Has a minimum 7 years of direct or related experience in AV industry which can be composed of any combination of; Site support, installation, VTC support, live event support, system design, programming and Quality Assurance.
Understanding of AV systems, signal flow, and proficiency in troubleshooting
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and AI
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and analytics
Must be willing to work in the Herndon, VA office (during non-pandemic times)
Knowledge of lighting, acoustics and millwork
Knowledge of structural engineering practices such as floor, wall, ceiling support
CTS required
Benefits
Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO) including Holidays and Vacation
Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance
401k Plan
Short Term Disability
Long Term Disability
Life Insurance
Service and Recognition Rewards
Family-friendly Company Events
Work-life balance advocation"	469	Washington
Network Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Herndon, VA 20171	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Network Engineer to join our team in the Herndon, VA area.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Provide leadership, mentoring, and quality assurance for Team Members
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree and 5-7 Years of Experience
Knowledge of Cisco Networking and Switching
Working knowledge of the OSI model, TCP/IP, and subnetting
Working knowledge with Microsoft Visio
Working knowledge with Microsoft office
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Windows 10 & Windows Server
Hands on experience configuring various routing protocols.
Hands on experience with Juniper Firewalls (Juniper 300 Series)
Hands on Experience with Cisco Switches and Firewalls (Cisco 3800 & 9000 Series)
Demonstrates experience with tier II/III level troubleshooting.
CCNP Certified
Security Clearance Requirements:
Minimum Secret clearance required to start with the ability to obtain/maintain a Top Secret/SCI clearance.
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary Work.
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Cyber Security Front Door Team Lead	Invictus International Consulting, LLC	Reston, VA	None	"Title: Cyber Security Front Door Team Lead
Location: Reston, VA or Alexandria, VA
Clearance: TS/SCI w/CI Poly
Responsibilities:
Provide hybrid Tier 0/Tier 1 service desk support to the client's cybersecurity organization, functioning as the Team Lead for the ""Cyber Security Front Door"" (CSFD); the CSFD functions as the client's forward-facing presence to their customers to ensure efficient and accurate routing of cyber requirements
Manage team of 3-5 individuals to include making hiring recommendations, training, and administrative accountability and oversight
Responsible for oversight and execution of the following functions at a Tier 0 level: self-help and user-retrieved information from SharePoint, development and oversight of current detailed product and technical information (manuals, FAQs, communications, knowledge base, SOPs and self-serve FAQs)
Responsible for oversight and execution of the following functions at a Tier 1 level: support for basic customer issues (examples include account reset or password issues), fulfilling service desk requests that need IT involvement and/or lower-level technical personnel, oversight of and training the team to solve known problems and to fulfill service requests by following scripts; facilitation of services being provided through automation of requirements capture/vetting so that the clients customer can request and receive services without involving SMEs; monitoring of email boxes/discussion boards to respond or elevate requirements to appropriate cyber groups or submit requests to upper support tiers
Manage customer facing SharePoint portals (intermediate experience or high aptitude to be able to function as a SharePoint designer and SharePoint content manager)
Escalate requests across multiple environments for RFIs and services from phone calls, emails, tasking systems, and ServiceNow
Re-route requests as necessary within tasking systems and ServiceNow
Support the implementation of client knowledge management practices; including the use of SharePoint
Oversee the use of the requirements management process for the team
Conduct research on organizational TTPs in order to respond to requests and other requirements as necessary
Provide recommendations for areas of improvement within the organization
Ensure oversight of metrics on key performance indicators reporting on tickets/requests for all team operations
Identify and alert high priority issues/projects to leadership
Produce and edit documentation on internal processes, create user guides for deploying and using services
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree or 4 additional years of work experience required
Minimum of 8 years' cyber/information assurance experience with a general intermediate knowledge of cybersecurity disciplines such as RMF, DevSecOps, CND, cybersecurity engineering, continuous monitoring, customer on-boarding
Minimum of 5 years' experience performing IT Service Management (ITSM) and direct experience with ServiceNow
Working knowledge of SharePoint
Familiarity with DoD and IC a plus
Understanding of knowledge management and content management principles
Understanding of the importance of process optimization
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to work independently or as a member of a team
Must possess current IAT Level II certification required (Security + CE); 8570 IAT Level III certification preferred; ITIL v3 Foundations certificate desired
Current active TS/SCI clearance required, with the ability to obtain and maintain a CI polygraph"	469	Washington
Network Engineer - Network Operations Center	Henry M Jackson Foundation For The Advan	Bethesda, MD	None	"Join the HJF Team!
HJF is seeking a Network Engineer to support the Network Operations Center (NOC) located in the Office of the Senior Vice President for the University and the Office of the Vice President for Information and Educational Technology at the Uniformed Services University (USU) in Bethesda, MD. HJF provides scientific, technical and programmatic support services to NOC. US Citizenship is required.
The incumbent of this position serves as a network administrator and systems manager for LAN and WAN, providing overall network infrastructure and data center management and support to University’s students, faculty and staff, as well as USUHS remote sites such as Twin Brooke, Rockledge, 11300 Rockville Pike, and the Post Graduate College, San Antonio, Texas.
Responsibilities:
The incumbent serves as Tier/Level 3 technical advisor to the Division Chief, Network Operations USU, and the NOC technical staff for Local Area Network (LAN) architectures, topologies, and network operating systems. The incumbent is the agency expert in Local Area Networks with specific emphasis on Cisco LAN. (20%)
The incumbent serves on highly specialized projects and is the agency expert in network hardware, software protocols, configuration, and IT telecommunication/network operations and management. As such he/she is responsible for managing all aspects of network architecture design, acquisition, installation and configuration, software and troubleshooting. (20%)
Responsible for recommending, evaluating, selecting, installing and testing LAN hardware, software and the telecommunications interface, assuming lead in technical operations and tracking of local network interface and network servers. Analyze LAN and WAN network systems, including planning, designing, evaluating, selecting operating systems and protocol suites and configuring communication media with concentrators bridges and other devices. Present written results of analysis to supervisor. (20%)
The incumbent provides technical expertise regarding the Cisco Network Operating Systems, VoIP, Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE), Microsoft and Linux operating system, VMware software, Storage area network(SAN), Google Cloud Computing email system, Virtual Private Network (VPN) and guiding technical staff as required. (10%)
Prepare and maintain system plans and instructions/guidance pertaining to the security of their systems operations. Implement Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) updates, patches and perform compliance reporting as required by the USUHS IAVM Program. (10%)
Ensure Risk Management Framework (RMF) controls are implemented for their specific systems, implement DISA Standard Technical Implementation Guide requirements, Security Readiness Reviews (SRRs), and perform compliance monitoring reporting. (10%)
Perform annual assessments to meet RMF review requirements and provide evidence that support compliance reporting requirements. (10%)
May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned or directed by the supervisor. This may include attendance of and participation in required training for role.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Incumbent must have expert knowledge and experience managing Microsoft client/server components in a multi-domain environment to include Web access, Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Post Office Protocol 3 (POP3), Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP), and TCP-IP sufficient to maintain DIACAP security standards, existing operations and implement migration strategies including planning for continuity of operations during server upgrades. Expert knowledge and experience with network printers, patch management servers and other IT systems administration theories and concepts, in addition to TCP/IP client connectivity and client application. excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to work with a wide variety of personnel of varied technical knowledge. The incumbent must have skills to work in a dynamic environment where priorities change rapidly.
Minimum Education: Bachelors degree is required.
Minimum Experience/ Training Requirements: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Required Licenses, Certification or Registration: Vendor training/certification preferred.
Work Environment: The work is performed in a typical office environment.
Background/Security: U.S. citizenship required; eligible to obtain and maintain a Tier III Investigation/ Secret Clearance.
Employment with HJF is contingent upon successful completion of a background check, which may include, but is not limited to, contacting your professional references, verification of previous employment, addresses, education, and credentials, a criminal background check, drug screening, and a department of motor vehicle (DMV) check.
Any qualifications to be considered as equivalents, in lieu of stated minimums, require the prior approval of the Chief Human Resources Officer
Experience
Required
6 - 8 years: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Education
Required
Bachelors or better
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"	469	Washington
Help Desk Technician IV	General Dynamics Information Technology	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
GDIT is seeking candidates to support the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM). Under the I2TS 3 task order, INSCOM ensures reliable, uninterrupted availability of Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Information Management (C4IM) including: networks, hardware, software, engineering, and specialized tools at the point of customer need to support INSCOMs mission. INSCOM and its MSCs provide the enabling layer to connect the Army and its tactical formations to defense and national intelligence agencies via tactical networks. The ability to provide mission critical intelligence is dependent on the successful use of its information technology (IT) networks worldwide.
Responsibilities:
An I2TS 3 Service Desk Specialist (Help Desk Technician IV):
Provides first contact and incident resolution to customers with hardware, software, and application problems. Includes both customer telephone support as well as electronically submitted requests
Provides polite and friendly customer service
Attempts to resolve as many incidents during the first contact, or at Tier I. Efficiently escalates incidents to higher Tier II or Tier III when required
Documents incident status and solutions in incident database tools
Possesses current working knowledge of computers, printers, laptops, and common windows applications
Works through various types Tier II issues with telephone assist
Provides answers to Frequently Asked Questions or solutions to common problems as part of a customer self-help capability
Perform troubleshooting, maintenance, and repair on many types of hardware and software
Assist in repairing computers, printers, digital senders, etc.
Perform Level I/II Active Directory functions such as unlocking accounts, creating and issuing accounts, etc.
Desirable Skills / Experience:
Knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in network administration and support
Knowledge of related hardware and software
Required Certification(s):
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II Computing Environment (CE) Certification as determined by the Program Manager is required prior to support on contract
Required Security Environment Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalent
Computing Environment certification: MTA 98-365, Windows Server Administrator Fundamentals.
Security Clearance:
TS/SCI required
Additional:
Candidates must be willing and able to attain a CI Polygraph for certain positions as determined by the contract
Position may require lifting of objects (i.e. IT Hardware), reaching/bending/kneeling (i.e. plug in cables) and other moderately strenuous activity
This position requires eligibility to obtain a Kuwaiti Work Permit. Effective January 1, 2021, Kuwait will not issue a Work Permit to an individual who is 60 years of age or older and has only a high school education.
High School diploma/GED with 8 years of related experience, or Associate’s degree with 6 years of experience, or Bachelor’s degree with 4 years of experience
#GDITINSCOM
#I2TS3
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Audio Video Service Technician Level III	Bridges System Integration	Herndon, VA 20170	$70,000 - $80,000 a year	"You are the type of leader who wants to push the boundaries of collaboration technology in redefining and shaping Enterprise clients in government and corporate spaces.
You are a true leader and professional who assists the Service Manager in inspiring and molding a talented mix of experienced and promising technicians.
Bridges System Integration (Bridges SI) is a thought leader with a reputation for deploying emerging technologies with a focus on quality assurance. As an early adopter of AV9000, Bridges SI has built a reputation amongst Washington DC’s largest institutions for being the go-to technology partner.
Bridges SI is looking for a Senior Service Technician to continue the development of our growth and reputation.
This position reports directly to the Service Manager.
In this role, you will perform any necessary Service team functions, including supporting AV equipment at customer sites, performing maintenance and providing hardware and software updates when required, editing files and reading drawings, and leading small teams during on-site projects. As a member of the Bridges SI Service Team, you are expected to provide initiative, vision, and teamwork.
You will be a great fit if you are a strong multi-tasker who can walk in the shoes of our clients and identify their technology pain points. The whole of the organization works to resolve client hurdles in creative and impactful ways.
Requirements
RESPONSIBILITES
Recognize majority of common AV brands and Equipment by sight and by name
Understand purpose of AV components in a system
Operate common AV equipment unassisted
Support operating AV equipment for Live events
Provide customer training on how to use an AV system
Fully test a system for proper function and identify what part isn’t working
Experienced in troubleshooting hardware and software. Understands signal flow
Perform most common and standard AV/IT cable terminations
Change PC’s network settings
Connect to Equipment via IP and Serial connections
Configure and set basic settings in equipment.
Load and retrieve files from DSP’s
Load and retrieve files from Control systems
Make settings adjustments in DSP existing file
Edit DSP files or control code with remote support.
Read drawings and system flows
Perform QA inspections
Perform Site surveys for system upgrades or new spaces
Napkin CAD a functioning system.
Set up and balance an audio system
Build a standalone or closed functioning network
Perform advanced video setups, including edge blends, mirror bounce, prism alignment, convergence
Lead small team projects
Provide remote support to other Service and Integration technicians
Mentor and support team members
QUALIFICATIONS
Has a minimum 7 years of direct or related experience in AV industry which can be composed of any combination of; Site support, installation, VTC support, live event support, system design, programming and Quality Assurance.
Understanding of AV systems, signal flow, and proficiency in troubleshooting
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and AI
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and analytics
Must be willing to work in the Herndon, VA office (during non-pandemic times)
Knowledge of lighting, acoustics and millwork
Knowledge of structural engineering practices such as floor, wall, ceiling support
CTS required
Benefits
Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO) including Holidays and Vacation
Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance
401k Plan
Short Term Disability
Long Term Disability
Life Insurance
Service and Recognition Rewards
Family-friendly Company Events
Work-life balance advocation"	469	Washington
Cyber Security Lead	Leidos	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)	None	"Description
Job Description:
The Defense Group of Leidos has an exciting opportunity for a Cyber Security Lead to support efforts for the Army Cloud Common Shared Service Provider (CCSSP) contract located in the Northern Virginia/National Capital Region. This role will provide leadership, technical direction and guidance to a cyber engineering team and Defnce cyber operations team supporting a DOD Security Operations Center (SOC) or Command Operations Center. In addition will be supporting the program security architects in the development of security controls, mentoring others in technical security concepts and ensuring secure cloud practices are followed. Role will play a meaningful role in maintaining the controls that enable the customer organization to operate expertly, cost effectively, and within compliance standards. Will also assist others in interpreting, understanding, and applying information security policies and standards to mitigate information security risks. Develop positive partnerships and work closely with other members of the customer and LEIDOS Information Security and Legal Compliance organizations in a coordinated and focused manner.
Primary Responsibilities
List daily duties and/or specific job responsibilities.
Participate with the client in the strategic design process to translate security and business requirements into technical designs;
Provide Cybersecurity Enterprise Architecture (CEA) support to implement controls to support compliance for the designated system categorizations;
Supervise cyber security engineers who are embedded in agile teams to apply systems cyber security engineering assurance baselined on DoD IA Support Environment guidance and security best practices as well as commercial security best practices;
Support the Vulnerability and Threat Management (VTM) continuous monitoring strategy, tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs), and processes for continuous monitoring and management of known and emerging vulnerabilities and threats
Create reporting and communication strategy to keep ISO and ISSM informed of the security state of the customer cloud environment(s)
Manage and execute the NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with the responsible AO’s cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) program implementation;
Integrate cyber security engineering expertise into agile development and test processes via technical and change control review, as described in the applicable project management, systems engineer, software development and configuration management plans, processes, and procedures;
Generate and deliver RMF related documentation and artifacts to update and maintain accreditations
Plan, monitor, and execute RMF and cyber security-related tasks and activities daily, coordinating with the agile engineering and project milestones to ensure proactive and early insertion of the cyber security requirements;
Coordinate support to enter, monitor, track, and update the status of operational baseline issues via the POA&M record through to resolution;
Monitor information systems for security incidents and vulnerabilities. This includes developing monitoring and visibility capabilities as well as reporting on incidents, vulnerabilities and trends.
Respond to information system security incidents, including the investigation of, countermeasures to, and recovery from computer-based attacks, unauthorized access, and policy breaches coordinating with the Army CSSP
Support investigation of computer and information security incidents to determine extent of compromise to information and automated information systems;
Team responsibilities encompass maintaining computer and information security incidents and damage and threat assessment programs;
Assist with computer forensic and intrusion support to high technology investigations in the form of computer evidence seizure, computer forensic analysis, data recovery, network assessments, researching and maintaining proficiency in tools, techniques, countermeasures, trends in computer network vulnerabilities, data hiding, and network security and encryption;
Design, develop, or provide recommendations for integrated system solutions, ensuring proprietary/confidential data and systems are protected;
Configure and validate secure systems, and test security products/systems to detect computer and information security weakness.
Support cloud certification activities, system hardening, vulnerability testing, and scanning.
Support compliance activities and audits to ensure data-at-rest / -in-transit is utilizing NSA-approved encryption and the enclave is compliant with the DoD SCCA.
Craft IT security architectural artifacts, provide architectural analysis of the security features and relate the existing system to future customer requirements.
Basic Qualifications
US Citizenship and a DoD Secret Clearance
Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cyber Security, or related field, or equivalent experience
Must have a minimum of eight (8) years of relevant and progressively responsible experience leading teams and managing NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with program cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) implementation
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of experience in the past five years) managing a cyber-team in a DOD environment.
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of relevant experience in the past five years) using DOD enterprise cyber tools, such as, ACAS, HBSS, SIEM, Firewalls, and Network Access Control (NAC)
Familiarity with industry standards, guidelines, and regulatory compliance requirements related to information security and cloud computing such as NIST SP 800-53, and FedRamp
Familiarity with the DoD Secure Cloud Computing Architecture (SCCA)
Familiarity with Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide (SRG) Version 1 Release 3 (v1r3), or latest version
Familiarity with security standards and controls specified in DoDI 8500.01 (Cybersecurity) and 8510.01 (RMF)
Cloud computing experience (AWS and/or Azure)
Demonstrated experience with security vulnerability scanning tools & in performing Cybersecurity vulnerability scanning in AWS and/or Azure
Experience in generating and providing RMF required authorization related documentation and artifacts to the customer Information System Security Owner (ISSO) and Manager (ISSM)
Demonstrated experience writing technical responses to POA&M items
Demonstrated experience with security processes, DevSecOps implementation, Cyber Security, and Cloud infrastructure to develop and deploy enterprise level hosting platforms
Possesses an active CISSP (ISC2 Certified Information System Security Professional) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM).
Must have a DoD 8570 IAT Level II (or Level III) Certification (e.g. Sec+ CE)
Preferred Qualifications
List additional skills and experience that is “nice to have” but not required.
It is desired that the lead has the following qualifications:
Experienced with various security tools and processes such as Splunk, Tenable Security, Fortify
Experience with operation of systems to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Azure cloud environment
A professional background in Systems Engineering / Cloud Architecture / Software Development
Experience with Agile Software Development
AWS/Azure Certifications
Experience with scripting languages (Python, Power Shell)
Motivated self-starter with strong written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to create complex technical reports on analytic findings
External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
External Referral Bonus $:
Potential for Telework:
Yes, 100%
Clearance Level Required:
Secret
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Cyber Management
Pay Range:"	469	Washington
Cybersecurity Manager- CISSP- Secret Clearance	Entegee	Washington, DC	$60 - $70 an hour	Cybersecurity ManagerWashington, DC6 Months Temp-to-HireSecret Clearance required- Must be eligible for TS clearanceCISSP requiredDetails: Looking for an on-site Cybersecurity Supervisor with excellent hands on experience in Cyber Security, Project Management, and supervising direct reports. Responsibilities include providing direct support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as managing the Team providing support providing support to the ISSM.Duties include: Provide support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as System ISSMs.Work directly with the Echelon II ISSM to identify strategic goals and objectivesLead the breakdown of the project goals into achievable objectivesWork with the Echelon II ISSM to effectively prioritize projects and tasking for direct reportsSupport and provide expert guidance on all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkMaintain the SSP Enterprise systems Assessment and Authorization (A&A) packages; topologies; ports, protocol, and services lists; contingency plans, disaster recovery procedures, incident response plans, and POA&Ms.Support the development and monitoring of cybersecurity policy and proceduresAnalyze and advise on issues, threats, and incident responses for enterprise and tactical systemsAssist in conducting internal audits of enterprise IT networks, systems, applications, and security tools to ensure they adhere to Navy, and DoD security policies and procedures (e.g., STIGs, CTOs, IAVMs, FRAGOs, NTDs, etc.) and applicable frameworks and regulations (e.g., NIST, FISMA, etc.)Review DoD, DON cyber security alerts, notices, IAVMs, etc., and conduct risk assessments and discuss mitigation strategies when needed.Provide technical guidance to the IAM/ISSM, CIO, Cybersecurity Workgroup (CSWG), Program Managers (PMs), Program Management Officers (PMOs), FBM Partners, etc. on cybersecurity matters and initiatives, including researching new technologies to counter evolving threats.Perform supervisory duties including, but not limited to, hiring, training, evaluating, counselling, and disciplining employees.Ensure personnel are properly qualified to perform duties effectively. Identify successors for all key positions. Sets technical and performance objectives with subordinates. Conduct performance appraisals. Ensure that all personnel are informed of and adhere to all pertinent company policies and procedures.Qualifications: Active Secret DoD Clearance AND Ability to obtain and maintain Top Secret DoD ClearanceCISSPBS Degree in Information Systems or similar8+ years of directly related experienceKnowledge and experience with assessing NIST 800-53 security controlsFamiliarity with NIST Special PublicationsKnowledge and understanding of security technologies including vulnerability scanning (ACAS), firewalls, HBSS and data protection/encryption systemsSolid analytical, planning, and organizational skills with the ability to multi-taskAbility to work with teams and independently on projectsExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to establish and maintain effective working relationships with partners and government officialsAbility to obtain and maintain Common Access Card (CAC) along with badge access to the customer’s facilityAbility to obtain and maintain a network account in good standing on the customer’s networkAbility to meet the requirements for an IAM III as specified in the DoD 8570 within 6 months of startRequirements: Experience managing direct reportsExperience with all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkExperience with information security configuration guides or DISA STIGsExperience developing policies, procedures, and technical training materialsExperience developing strategic goals and objectivesExperience managing projects of various size to include multi-team projectsExperience creating project charters, project plans, and project schedulesEqual Opportunity Employer/Veterans/DisabledTo read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visit https://www.entegee.com/candidate-privacy-information-statement/The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Cybersecurity: 8 years (Required)NIST standards: 5 years (Required)RMF: 5 years (Required)DISA STIGs: 5 years (Required)Cybersecurity Management: 2 years (Required)License/Certification:CISSP (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Contract Length:More than 1 yearFull Time Opportunity:YesWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	469	Washington
Network Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Herndon, VA 20171	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Network Engineer to join our team in the Herndon, VA area.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Provide leadership, mentoring, and quality assurance for Team Members
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree and 5-7 Years of Experience
Knowledge of Cisco Networking and Switching
Working knowledge of the OSI model, TCP/IP, and subnetting
Working knowledge with Microsoft Visio
Working knowledge with Microsoft office
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Windows 10 & Windows Server
Hands on experience configuring various routing protocols.
Hands on experience with Juniper Firewalls (Juniper 300 Series)
Hands on Experience with Cisco Switches and Firewalls (Cisco 3800 & 9000 Series)
Demonstrates experience with tier II/III level troubleshooting.
CCNP Certified
Security Clearance Requirements:
Minimum Secret clearance required to start with the ability to obtain/maintain a Top Secret/SCI clearance.
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary Work.
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Federal Acquisition Consultant - HHS	Censeo Consulting Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Position Description:
We are seeking an Federal Acquisition Consultant to join our team supporting Health and Human Services (HHS). In the role you will provide innovative business strategies, agile procurement solutions, and work with the team to develop and implement the agency procurement policy/processes and provide consulting support to the Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree required
3+ years of experience providing strategic sourcing and procurement consulting support in the public sector
4+ years of experience supporting complex federal acquisitions for a program office; project management and/or Contracting Officer background a plus
Professional certification preferred (CPCM, CFCM, and/or DAWIA/FAC-C III)
Possess knowledge of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), agency-specific regulations, and be knowledgeable of acquisition streamlining initiatives and reforms
Strong understanding of various acquisition approaches and ability to formulate analyses and create comprehensive documentation
Demonstrated performance developing pricing and negotiation positions across fixed price, cost reimbursement, and time-and-materials contract types
Excellent verbal communication and writing skills
Ability to work independently and in a team on complex acquisitions
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite of tools, to include SharePoint
Responsibilities:
Provides acquisition lifecycle planning and execution support to a high-visibility program group within a major HHS component agency
Demonstrates knowledge of major acquisition lifecycle environments for strategy development and associated best practices
Applies knowledge of federal procurement principles, policies, procedures, and standards to implement programmatic requirements
Ensures on-time completion of task deliverables and activities such as developing SOWs/PWSs, IGCEs, market research, RFPs, project and operational plans, and process improvements
Delivers expert advisory support to government senior executives, program managers, CORs, and division managers regarding the acquisition lifecycle
Serves as a liaison between the program and acquisition offices on all matters of complex, high-dollar procurements
Performs on a team as an individual contributor with a proactive approach to project management
Position Particulars:
This is an exempt, full-time position
Location: Washington D.C.
About Censeo:
Censeo Consulting Group, a management consulting firm, is an advisor and partner to management teams who lead some of the largest and most complex organizations in the world. Our key areas of expertise include operations improvement, acquisition strategy, organization effectiveness, and IT strategy with a strong Federal footprint.

Censeo is rapidly growing and has been recognized for our unique approach, culture, and values:
2020 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2019 Ivy Exec #7 Overall Boutique Consulting Firm and #6 Top Consulting Firms for Culture
2018 Consulting Magazine Best Small Firms to Work For
2017 Vault #12 Best Boutique Consulting Firm
2016 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2015 Washington Business Journal’s Philanthropy List
Censeo is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal opportunity to all applicants and employees in full compliance with all applicable state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, gender, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other class protected by applicable state or federal law.
hT4dks4N01"	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Senior Systems Engineer	ACS	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Location: Springfield, VA
Clearance Required: Must be a U.S. Citizen and possess a current and active TS/SCI clearance granted by the Department of Defense or an Intelligence Community agency. Must be able to pass a Counterintelligence (CI) Polygraph.
Background:
Assured Consulting Solutions provides strategic and innovative solutions for customer needs across the business, technology, and organizational spectrum. As a member of our team, you will have the chance to work with customers that are both Government and industry leaders and technology innovators.
We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Senior Systems Engineer to join our team. This Senior Systems Engineers execute engineering tasks, taking a multi-discipline approach to full lifecycle engineering including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the NSG, ASG and Federal Agencies to ensure timely and accurate GEOINT. They provide a substantial portion, if not all of, the engineering support to the teams to which they are assigned.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Work closely with current/legacy product managers and SMEs to fully understand and document modernization needs.
Review publications data and structure against conceptual data models and future database plans, and perform data cleanup activities in accordance with established guidelines and direction.
Review and update publications text including structured and unstructured text
Utilizing Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Review and update FrameMaker files, including supporting documentation
Convert documents between FrameMaker versions
Upgrade documents to the latest FrameMaker version
Create final products in PDF format, ensuring quality control and adding value to the user experience
Designing Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
SGML and XML programming and coding.
Publish architectural and engineering drawings depicting modernization plans
Document CONOPS, SOPs and appropriate design solutions and ensure the compatibility of system components.
Perform the full lifecycle of engineering support including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability analysis, resiliency analysis, development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability analysis, and decommissioning.
Provide engineering support for requirements across the NSG and ASG.
Lead the planning, documenting, analysis, and traceability of user requirements and architectures.
Conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assist the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management, and interface design.
Support RFP development and generate engineering documentation for RFPs.
Provide proposal evaluation support as requested by the government.
Provide architectural support.
Identify industry and NGA standards and create IPF unique standards for open architecture, service centric architecture, service oriented architecture, and cloud architecture for inclusion in IPF RFPs, existing contracts, and government development efforts.
Brief assigned activities as required.
Work cross project with other IPF projects to facilitate transition from concept to development to sustainment to decommissioning.
Work across NGA, NSG, and ASG partners to include but not limited to NGA/IPF, NGA/SF, NGA/R, NGA/TD, NGA/TA, DoD, FAA, and foreign partners, to provide engineering support to advance the Foundation GEOINT mission.
Support IPF leadership priorities and guidance
Required Qualifications:
Senior-level demonstrated experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or system engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture/Cloud environments.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with systems engineering lifecycle.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Adobe FrameMaker, XML programming, SGML programming, and Maritime Publications.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Geographic Information Systems
Desired Qualifications:
Master's degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as, engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences or in project management or engineering management.
Certified as an INCOSE System Engineering Professional (CSEP) or DAWIA (level III) in IT or SPRDE or certified Scaled Agile Framework Agilist (SA) or Software Development Framework.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Foundation GEOINT data domains and mission areas.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with NGA Process and tools, to include System Engineering, Acquisition, Configuration Management, Readiness and Security.
Senior-level demonstrated Experience with software coding
Thorough familiarity with Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Advanced word-processing and editing skills including ability to follow established formatting guidance for unstructured and structured text, tables, lists, and other text elements
Advanced familiarity with Adobe PDF format, elements, options, bookmarks, structure, and final product
Basic familiarity with User Experience with digital publications
Basic data entry skills including accuracy
Experience following established guidelines and direction
Quality control experience
Experience performing data cleanup activities
Basic Geographic Information Systems (GIS) skills
Basic SGML programming and basic coding skills
Basic XML programming and basic coding skills
Basic familiarity with data models and conceptual database schema
Education Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences. A degree in Systems Engineering, Project Management, or similar non-technical field does not satisfy this requirement.
Years of Experience:
12-18 years w/ Bachelor's Degree
Each year of degree work past Bachelor's degree can be used for ½ year of work experience
Position Type: Full-Time
Shift: Day
Assured Consulting Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact ACS Human Resources at (703) 662-5062"	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Sr. Applications Programmer	Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, Ltd.	Maryland City, MD	None	Position Summary: Odyssey Systems has an exciting new opportunity for a Sr. Applications Programmer to support the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program’s (CDMRP) Electronic Grants System (EGS).Responsibilities: Duties include, but not limited to:Develop computer application software code for integration into an existing electronic grants management system.Modify existing application code, configurations, and database to accommodate enhancementsMake database changes to accommodate new system functions and featuresAnalyze functional business applications and design specifications for functional areas such as finance, accounting, personnel, manpower, logistics, and contractsEnhance software to reduce operating time and/or improve efficiencyCorrect system errors, defects, and issues associated with the EGS application and/or databaseDevelop block diagrams and logic flow chartsTranslate detailed design into computer softwareTest, debug, and refine the computer software to produce the required productDevelop system design, process flows, and necessary technical architectural documentsPrepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentationProvide technical direction to programmers to ensure program deadlines are metEnsure proper federal government IT security regulations, procedures, and protocols are followedReport any security concerns to the Project ManagerCommunicate and coordinate with hosting facility System Administrators as well as with federal IT staff to meet new user operating environment requirementsQualifications:Minimum Qualifications:Software Developer III: BA/BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 5 years’ experience or MS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 3 years’ experienceCompTIA A+, Network+, or Security+ certificationManagement/TrainingExperience and ability to mentor junior software developers on design patterns and development best practices to ensure quality output to meet program milestones and deliverablesEffective verbal and written communication skills.Technical Skills:Knowledge of a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures in coding software applications and in developing professional-level software application code.Must be proficient in IntelliJ, Ultra Edit, Mozilla Firefox, Oracle SQL Developer, and Microsoft Visio, VMWare ESX, RedHat Linux OS, Java-JDK + Oracle RDBMS.Experience in CI/CD pipeline using SVN, JenkinsExperience as an Agile Software Development Team member (i.e., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, etc.)Experience as an applications programmer on large-scale database management systems.Knowledge of and experience applying automated testing.Knowledge and experience in quality management processes and in the software test/release process.Experience working as an IT Systems Operations and Maintenance team member providing Tier 2 and 3 support.Experience using Customer Relationship Management Systems or Help Desk Ticketing Systems (i.e., Jira (preferred), SalesForce, ServiceNow, etc.)Must be onsite at customer location (Fort Detrick) during business hours and must work effectively in a team environmentExperience working in a regulated environmentExcellent problem solving and analytical, and technical skills.Ability to think critically and act expeditiously to evaluate situations, make decisions, and solve problems.Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to work well with a variety of personalities.Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changes in priorities and aggressive deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePointStrong analytical skillsHighly organized, efficient, and extremely detail-orientedAbility to prioritize among multiple tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environmentAbility to work independently and know when to seek assistancePreferred Qualifications:Desired knowledge and experience with grants management processesAbility to create process maps utilizing Visio or other similar softwareAdditional Information:Place of Performance: Frederick, MDUS Citizenship requiredNational Agency Clearance and Inquiries (NACI)Travel may be required#LI-POSTCompany Overview: Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, is an innovative small business committed to providing world-class technical, management, and training support services to government and public sector clients. We focus on people, processes, and performance to deliver superior results. Since our inception in 1997, our commitment to mission success and customer satisfaction has been recognized with exponential growth and exceptional past performance ratings. We accept challenging assignments and drive projects from the planning stages, through implementation, and into operations and support._Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities_Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering	Peraton	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law.
As a government contractor, Peraton abides by the following provision
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).

Qualifications

Bachelors degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Masters degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable. Position requires TS/SCI clearance with polygraph and DoD 8570 IAT2 certification (e.g., Security+CE).
Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:
Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology.
Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services.
Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support.
Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission.
Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks.
Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel.
Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones.
Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation.
Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Must be able to work a flexible schedule.

Responsibilities

Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems."	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior Manager A&A	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"
10+ years of Assessment and Authorization experience in a related industry (experience owning a program/product/feature, scoping requirements, planning milestones, project management and working with technical teams)
10+ years of familiarity with the processes and documentation required to articulate the appropriate system security products or services with stakeholder government customers to define a project scope, requirements, and deliverables.
5+ years experience architecting information systems for authorization under ICD 503 or DoD Risk Management Framework.
DoD Manual 8570 IAM Level III certification
Current, active US Government Security Clearance at the TS/SCI level with Polygraph.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading cloud provider, providing virtual infrastructure, storage, networking, messaging, and many other services to customers all over the world. AWS runs a globally distributed environment, operating at massive levels of scale. Businesses, from start-ups to enterprises, run their operations and applications on AWS’s multi-tenant infrastructure. Governmental organizations are also looking to and depending on AWS for cloud solutions and services.

World Wide Public Sector is looking for an exceptional Senior A&A Project Manager to support Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and audit activities for AWS services in our Federal Delivery Organization (FDO). The FDO is responsible for program management activities across a portfolio of Federal programs, and activities include managing multiple concurrent region expansion work packages, task orders, maintaining the program’s integrated master schedule, risk mitigation strategies, Assessment and Authorization activities, quality assurance and IV&V functions.

This position is based in the Annapolis Junction, MD. You will join a cadre of program management, technical business development, and information security professionals to establish a proactive, results-driven team focused on improving our ability to deliver new capabilities to our customers. As a Senior A&A Project Manager on the A&A team, you will spend the majority of your time working with technical business leaders (such as hardware and software engineering leaders, and technical program managers) to develop and produce A&A related documentation to ensure efficient service onboarding.

The role requires working experience with the Risk Management Framework (RMF), System Security Plans (SSP), Security Control Traceability Matrices (SCTM), familiarity with the customer environment, and an understanding of existing AWS services. You will draw upon an information security background, critical thinking, and analytic problem solving skills to support A&A activities, recommend improvements as required, and effectively support the delivery of industry leading, secure services to our Federal customers.

Core Responsibilities include:
Coordinate amongst government customers to produce and implement system security packages across cloud infrastructure platforms.

Work across a wide variety of AWS teams to establish and maintain information security documentation, including security questionnaires, SSPs, and SCTMs.

Responsible for reviewing proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential system security risks, and resolving integration issues related to the implementation of new services with the existing cloud infrastructure.

Implement higher level system security requirements such as those resulting from laws, regulations, or government directives by developing long range plans for security systems that anticipate, identify, evaluate, mitigate, and minimize risks associated with cloud infrastructures’ vulnerabilities or perceived vulnerabilities.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

This position requires that the candidate selected be a US Citizen and obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph.


Solid foundation in service-oriented and web-service technologies
Experience designing and implementing systems using AWS
Familiarity with Information Security or Audit frameworks
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	469	Washington
Enterprise System Engineering & Architecture II	Xator Corporation	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.
Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable. Position requires TS/SCI clearance with polygraph.
Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology. Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services. Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support. Security + Certification required Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission. Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks. Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel. Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones. Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation. Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Xator Corporation, and its Subsidiaries, provides equal opportunity to all applicants for employment as required by and/or consistent with applicable country law and company policy. Consistent with the foregoing, Xator Corporation provides qualified applicants consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veterans’ status, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status(s) protected by law. In the United States, Xator Corporation ensures nondiscrimination in all programs and activities in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Vz73K2xl37"	469	Washington
Program Integrator - Level 3 (TS/SCI Poly)	The Kenjya-Trusant Group, LLC	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Clearance Requirement - Active TS/SCI with polygraph


Job Description:

Kenjya-Trusant is seeking a Program Integrator - Level III to provide support on a government contract in the Annapolis Junction, MD area.


Duties, Tasks, and Responsibilities:
Assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and Program Executive Office leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio.
Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative.
Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports.
Draft acquisition and program documents such as Technical Task Orders (TTOs), Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies.
Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.
Required Capabilities:
Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Assist program managers in developing program documentation (TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies), creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Attend contract reviews to assist GPMs in conducting cost estimating and monitoring of program/initiative outcomes.
Advise in the production and tailoring of NSA financial execution reports and program acquisition documentation and ensure affordable, supportable and effective program requirements are specified to meet mission needs.
Provide assistance in analyzing, tracking, and reporting program unfunded requirements in accordance with PEO policies and processes.
Prepare point papers, briefing charts, spreadsheets and other materials to assist in the Government in program decision-making.
Perform data analysis using MS Excel with pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts to present data clearly and effectively.
Create reports to support program management function to include:
a. Bi-Weekly execution reports by program to show funding execution across a program inclusive of budget center, appropriation and source of funding including point solutions & external funding) – how much money does a program have and how is the GPM doing on spending it?
b. Bi-Weekly cost estimating reports by program to show the consolidated burn rate across all contracts that support a program and latest projection for amount of funding required to get through the fiscal year
c. Bi-Weekly combined overview of total budget available vs. total projected costs for remainder of fiscal year (i.e., is there a projected overrun or underrun based on program cost estimates?)
d. BiWeekly report on any areas of concern – e.g., late receipt of external funds, slow execution against certain appropriations
e. Bi-Weekly contracts report by program to track current contract funding run outs (i.e., when will contractor be at risk of work stoppage), current contract periods of performance, planned award dates, burn rate analyses, contractor CDRL deliverables
f. Bi-Weekly Staffing report for LOE contracts, by program, illustrating current and projected staffing, as well as highlighting any areas of concern. Include historic staffing numbers, show positions remaining to be staffed (and their status specifying any delays in filling positions), and show projected staffing for remainder of period of performance. Include attrition metrics.
g. For programs that are going through contract actions and/or ARB baselining, document readiness schedule listing all contract documents required and the status of each against the baseline schedule for completion. (e.g. TTOs, SOWs, CDRL packages, Technical CICA memos, Acquisition Strategies, etc.)
Assist GPM and initiative leads with resource planning and tracking
Prepare and support delivery of presentations to assist with program and initiative status reviews.


Qualifications:
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor’s Degree with a business focus or technical focus is required. In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred. In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts.


THE KENJYA-TRUSANT GROUP, LLC is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business that was established in 2015 as a merger between The Kenjya Group, Inc. and Trusant Technologies, LLC. Our mission is to implement, support and protect the nation’s advanced technology systems, business processes and high-technology facilities. Working with the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, the Intelligence Community, state and local governments, and commercial clients, Kenjya-Trusant provides cyber protection, information technology, engineering, construction management and acquisition support services. We are a small company with big company benefits, including Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, Bonus Potential, Flexible Spending Account, Life Insurance, Short- and Long-Term Disability, Paid Time Off, and a culture of teamwork and continuous learning. Come grow with us!

The Kenjya-Trusant Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. If you require accommodations, please contact our Human Resources Department at (410) 740-4045."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Senior Principal Systems Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior Principal Systems Engineer to join our team in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Design, plan, and integrate VDI solutions with modern deployment techniques such as DevOps and/or DevSecOps.
Develop automation scripts for efficient deployment and operations of cloud based VDI solutions.
Evaluates and reports on new VDI and Mobility technologies to enhance capabilities of virtualized services.
Implement Code First solutions using tools to support a SDDC/VCN that describe and document solutions, complementing the maturation of a CI/CD pipeline
Provides IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SharePoint, Oracle databases, Microsoft SQL Server, Service Now, Altiris, Microsoft Office, Internet Explorer, Adobe Acrobat, HBSS, Splunk, customer line-of-business applications, VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems
Designs and deploys enterprise level disaster recovery solutions
Designs and deploys enterprise class SAN deployments and backup infrastructures, including Data-at-Rest encryption
Designs and deploys new applications and services to the infrastructure
Implements Code First solutions using Infrastructure as Code to describe and to document solutions
Provides systems integration using automated integrating technologies including system deployment leveraging a CI/CD pipeline
Develops automated tests using provided testing framework
Assists Service Operations teams to diagnose and resolve the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to desktop support and deployments
Develops client install packages for across-the-wire system deployments and system upgrades
Writes implementation and design documents describing how security features are implemented
Participates in a Change Management process
Performs requirements analysis, design, and integration for complex software application environments and collaboration infrastructures
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Investigates and resolves operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Participates in technology evaluation and reengineering teams to support strategy-definition and continuous process improvement activities
Develops, enhances, and maintains automation of cloud enablement tools
Participates in the design, implementation and management of workload automation initiatives
Adheres to firm Change Management, Problem Management policies and familiarity with ITIL or other formalized IT operations foundations
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree and 10-12+ years of relevant IT experience, or 7-9+ years with Master’s Degree
5+ years working with cloud platforms
5+ years of experience as an enterprise systems administrator in a client or server environment, including deployment automation tools
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Extensive knowledge of Windows based systems including Hardware, software, networking and storage
Proficiency in PowerShell and/or other scripting languages
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed
Preferred Qualifications:
ITIL v3 or 4 Foundation Certification highly desired
Certifications such as Microsoft Certified Azure Solutions Architect, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure, VMware VCP7 – CMA are highly desired (Computing domain certification is required)
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position up to 75% of the time
Must be able to move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery
Must be able to position self to maintain office supplies on variable height shelving.
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations.
Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
Must be able to observe and detect employee deviations from established policy
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Sr. Java Developer	Powersolv	Washington, DC	None	"Job Title: Software Developer III - Java
Location: Washington DC

Overview:
The purpose of this position is to provide support for critical business functions through the development, implementation, testing and maintenance of applications systems.
Responsibilities:
The position’s essential duties include the following:
Support critical business functions through the development, implementation, and maintenance of applications and systems;
Contribute software development expertise to multiple projects and ensure that specifications are met;
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document software applications;
Follow established software development standards and procedures and contribute towards their improvement;
Develop complex application features and create technical designs;
Participate in peer code and design reviews;
Experienced with a wide range of technologies;
Coordinate with departments and users in the support of business applications.
Represent the IT department in terms of software development expertise in coordination with other departments;

Type of Experience JEE Years of Experience
JEE, EJB 3+, Hibernate 3+, JPA, JMS, JSF, JBoss 4+ 5+ Years
Spring 5+ Years
Oracle 10g+; SQL Server RDBMS concepts 5+ Years
Application Development/Software Engineering/Design Patterns 5+ Years
Web application development 5+ Years
Object oriented design and architecture 5+ Years
Web Services/API Development and use 5+ Years
Technical Documentation 4+ Years

NOTE: In addition, please list any desired experience.
Experience API’s and SOA Patterns
Experience with integration of application software and RDBMS
Knowledge of configuration management, release management principles
Knowledge of SOA
Experience with agile SDLC; Scrum preferred
Experience with high availability architectures
Knowledge of networking and system engineering concepts
Experience with PL/SQL
Experience with scripting languages
Experience with Oracle Access Manager (OAM)
Knowledge of application security concepts

SPECIAL SKILLS:
Analytical and problem solving skills
Developing and/or creating new or more effective ideas, approaches, etc.
Developing and executing short-range plans/decisions
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to exercise sound judgment across a broad range of circumstances"	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Senior Systems Engineer	ACS	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Location: Springfield, VA
Clearance Required: Must be a U.S. Citizen and possess a current and active TS/SCI clearance granted by the Department of Defense or an Intelligence Community agency. Must be able to pass a Counterintelligence (CI) Polygraph.
Background:
Assured Consulting Solutions provides strategic and innovative solutions for customer needs across the business, technology, and organizational spectrum. As a member of our team, you will have the chance to work with customers that are both Government and industry leaders and technology innovators.
We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Senior Systems Engineer to join our team. This Senior Systems Engineers execute engineering tasks, taking a multi-discipline approach to full lifecycle engineering including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the NSG, ASG and Federal Agencies to ensure timely and accurate GEOINT. They provide a substantial portion, if not all of, the engineering support to the teams to which they are assigned.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Work closely with current/legacy product managers and SMEs to fully understand and document modernization needs.
Review publications data and structure against conceptual data models and future database plans, and perform data cleanup activities in accordance with established guidelines and direction.
Review and update publications text including structured and unstructured text
Utilizing Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Review and update FrameMaker files, including supporting documentation
Convert documents between FrameMaker versions
Upgrade documents to the latest FrameMaker version
Create final products in PDF format, ensuring quality control and adding value to the user experience
Designing Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
SGML and XML programming and coding.
Publish architectural and engineering drawings depicting modernization plans
Document CONOPS, SOPs and appropriate design solutions and ensure the compatibility of system components.
Perform the full lifecycle of engineering support including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability analysis, resiliency analysis, development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability analysis, and decommissioning.
Provide engineering support for requirements across the NSG and ASG.
Lead the planning, documenting, analysis, and traceability of user requirements and architectures.
Conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assist the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management, and interface design.
Support RFP development and generate engineering documentation for RFPs.
Provide proposal evaluation support as requested by the government.
Provide architectural support.
Identify industry and NGA standards and create IPF unique standards for open architecture, service centric architecture, service oriented architecture, and cloud architecture for inclusion in IPF RFPs, existing contracts, and government development efforts.
Brief assigned activities as required.
Work cross project with other IPF projects to facilitate transition from concept to development to sustainment to decommissioning.
Work across NGA, NSG, and ASG partners to include but not limited to NGA/IPF, NGA/SF, NGA/R, NGA/TD, NGA/TA, DoD, FAA, and foreign partners, to provide engineering support to advance the Foundation GEOINT mission.
Support IPF leadership priorities and guidance
Required Qualifications:
Senior-level demonstrated experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or system engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture/Cloud environments.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with systems engineering lifecycle.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Adobe FrameMaker, XML programming, SGML programming, and Maritime Publications.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Geographic Information Systems
Desired Qualifications:
Master's degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as, engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences or in project management or engineering management.
Certified as an INCOSE System Engineering Professional (CSEP) or DAWIA (level III) in IT or SPRDE or certified Scaled Agile Framework Agilist (SA) or Software Development Framework.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Foundation GEOINT data domains and mission areas.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with NGA Process and tools, to include System Engineering, Acquisition, Configuration Management, Readiness and Security.
Senior-level demonstrated Experience with software coding
Thorough familiarity with Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Advanced word-processing and editing skills including ability to follow established formatting guidance for unstructured and structured text, tables, lists, and other text elements
Advanced familiarity with Adobe PDF format, elements, options, bookmarks, structure, and final product
Basic familiarity with User Experience with digital publications
Basic data entry skills including accuracy
Experience following established guidelines and direction
Quality control experience
Experience performing data cleanup activities
Basic Geographic Information Systems (GIS) skills
Basic SGML programming and basic coding skills
Basic XML programming and basic coding skills
Basic familiarity with data models and conceptual database schema
Education Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences. A degree in Systems Engineering, Project Management, or similar non-technical field does not satisfy this requirement.
Years of Experience:
12-18 years w/ Bachelor's Degree
Each year of degree work past Bachelor's degree can be used for ½ year of work experience
Position Type: Full-Time
Shift: Day
Assured Consulting Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact ACS Human Resources at (703) 662-5062"	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Biostatistician II/III	System One	Gaithersburg, MD	None	"Permanent Biostatistician Opportunity Available.


Fully Remote!

Job Description:
Responsibilities include but not limited to the following:
Assists in the review of statistical sections of clinical protocols using appropriate statistical methodology for the specific trial, including selection of study design, sample size, and analyses.
Reviews database design, CRFs, and edit checks.
Prepares or reviews statistical analysis plans and tables/listings/figures shells.
Prepares or reviews statistical sections for relevant background documents for regulatory agencies.
Writes specifications for or produce data sets, tables, figures, and listings for submissions, publications, and internal needs.
Provides programming support to programming team when it is needed for the validation of clinical study tables and listings.
Write codes for generating graphs for external dissemination, simulation based power calculations, and development of statistical analysis macros.
Is a good team player. Has good business ethics and leadership skills.
Meets deadlines while maintaining high quality standards.
Performs other duties as requested to meet company milestones including support for Senior Manager, Biostatistics.
Minimum requirements:
Master's Degree in Statistics (or equivalent degree) with at least 2-3 years of experience in a pharmaceutical company (pharma), biotech, or clinical research organization (CRO) servicing the pharmaceutical industry or PhD in Statistics with at least 1-2 years of experience in pharma/biotech/CRO.
Knowledge of experimental design for clinical trials, power calculations, simulations, time-to-event analyses, and other methods for assessment of efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity.
Familiarity with current ICH guidance pertinent to clinical development.
Proven knowledge and expertise in biostatistics and its application to vaccine clinical trials. Solid knowledge and experience in vaccine development process, including evaluation of epidemiologic data for definition of key endpoints and assessment of correlates of risk.
Able to thrive in a fast-paced team environment and work independently on projects.
Very good communication and presentation skills. Ability to communicate statistical concepts across functions.
Thorough and up-to-date working knowledge of statistical software packages. Hands-on programming experience. One to two years SAS programming experience (Base SAS, SAS/STAT, SAS/GRAPH, and SAS macro language) and other statistical software (e.g., R or JMP) in pharma/biotech/CRO.
Experience with CDISC is preferred."	469	Washington
Sr. Applications Programmer	Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, Ltd.	Maryland City, MD	None	Position Summary: Odyssey Systems has an exciting new opportunity for a Sr. Applications Programmer to support the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program’s (CDMRP) Electronic Grants System (EGS).Responsibilities: Duties include, but not limited to:Develop computer application software code for integration into an existing electronic grants management system.Modify existing application code, configurations, and database to accommodate enhancementsMake database changes to accommodate new system functions and featuresAnalyze functional business applications and design specifications for functional areas such as finance, accounting, personnel, manpower, logistics, and contractsEnhance software to reduce operating time and/or improve efficiencyCorrect system errors, defects, and issues associated with the EGS application and/or databaseDevelop block diagrams and logic flow chartsTranslate detailed design into computer softwareTest, debug, and refine the computer software to produce the required productDevelop system design, process flows, and necessary technical architectural documentsPrepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentationProvide technical direction to programmers to ensure program deadlines are metEnsure proper federal government IT security regulations, procedures, and protocols are followedReport any security concerns to the Project ManagerCommunicate and coordinate with hosting facility System Administrators as well as with federal IT staff to meet new user operating environment requirementsQualifications:Minimum Qualifications:Software Developer III: BA/BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 5 years’ experience or MS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 3 years’ experienceCompTIA A+, Network+, or Security+ certificationManagement/TrainingExperience and ability to mentor junior software developers on design patterns and development best practices to ensure quality output to meet program milestones and deliverablesEffective verbal and written communication skills.Technical Skills:Knowledge of a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures in coding software applications and in developing professional-level software application code.Must be proficient in IntelliJ, Ultra Edit, Mozilla Firefox, Oracle SQL Developer, and Microsoft Visio, VMWare ESX, RedHat Linux OS, Java-JDK + Oracle RDBMS.Experience in CI/CD pipeline using SVN, JenkinsExperience as an Agile Software Development Team member (i.e., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, etc.)Experience as an applications programmer on large-scale database management systems.Knowledge of and experience applying automated testing.Knowledge and experience in quality management processes and in the software test/release process.Experience working as an IT Systems Operations and Maintenance team member providing Tier 2 and 3 support.Experience using Customer Relationship Management Systems or Help Desk Ticketing Systems (i.e., Jira (preferred), SalesForce, ServiceNow, etc.)Must be onsite at customer location (Fort Detrick) during business hours and must work effectively in a team environmentExperience working in a regulated environmentExcellent problem solving and analytical, and technical skills.Ability to think critically and act expeditiously to evaluate situations, make decisions, and solve problems.Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to work well with a variety of personalities.Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changes in priorities and aggressive deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePointStrong analytical skillsHighly organized, efficient, and extremely detail-orientedAbility to prioritize among multiple tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environmentAbility to work independently and know when to seek assistancePreferred Qualifications:Desired knowledge and experience with grants management processesAbility to create process maps utilizing Visio or other similar softwareAdditional Information:Place of Performance: Frederick, MDUS Citizenship requiredNational Agency Clearance and Inquiries (NACI)Travel may be required#LI-POSTCompany Overview: Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, is an innovative small business committed to providing world-class technical, management, and training support services to government and public sector clients. We focus on people, processes, and performance to deliver superior results. Since our inception in 1997, our commitment to mission success and customer satisfaction has been recognized with exponential growth and exceptional past performance ratings. We accept challenging assignments and drive projects from the planning stages, through implementation, and into operations and support._Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities_Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior Manager A&A	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"
10+ years of Assessment and Authorization experience in a related industry (experience owning a program/product/feature, scoping requirements, planning milestones, project management and working with technical teams)
10+ years of familiarity with the processes and documentation required to articulate the appropriate system security products or services with stakeholder government customers to define a project scope, requirements, and deliverables.
5+ years experience architecting information systems for authorization under ICD 503 or DoD Risk Management Framework.
DoD Manual 8570 IAM Level III certification
Current, active US Government Security Clearance at the TS/SCI level with Polygraph.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading cloud provider, providing virtual infrastructure, storage, networking, messaging, and many other services to customers all over the world. AWS runs a globally distributed environment, operating at massive levels of scale. Businesses, from start-ups to enterprises, run their operations and applications on AWS’s multi-tenant infrastructure. Governmental organizations are also looking to and depending on AWS for cloud solutions and services.

World Wide Public Sector is looking for an exceptional Senior A&A Project Manager to support Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and audit activities for AWS services in our Federal Delivery Organization (FDO). The FDO is responsible for program management activities across a portfolio of Federal programs, and activities include managing multiple concurrent region expansion work packages, task orders, maintaining the program’s integrated master schedule, risk mitigation strategies, Assessment and Authorization activities, quality assurance and IV&V functions.

This position is based in the Annapolis Junction, MD. You will join a cadre of program management, technical business development, and information security professionals to establish a proactive, results-driven team focused on improving our ability to deliver new capabilities to our customers. As a Senior A&A Project Manager on the A&A team, you will spend the majority of your time working with technical business leaders (such as hardware and software engineering leaders, and technical program managers) to develop and produce A&A related documentation to ensure efficient service onboarding.

The role requires working experience with the Risk Management Framework (RMF), System Security Plans (SSP), Security Control Traceability Matrices (SCTM), familiarity with the customer environment, and an understanding of existing AWS services. You will draw upon an information security background, critical thinking, and analytic problem solving skills to support A&A activities, recommend improvements as required, and effectively support the delivery of industry leading, secure services to our Federal customers.

Core Responsibilities include:
Coordinate amongst government customers to produce and implement system security packages across cloud infrastructure platforms.

Work across a wide variety of AWS teams to establish and maintain information security documentation, including security questionnaires, SSPs, and SCTMs.

Responsible for reviewing proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential system security risks, and resolving integration issues related to the implementation of new services with the existing cloud infrastructure.

Implement higher level system security requirements such as those resulting from laws, regulations, or government directives by developing long range plans for security systems that anticipate, identify, evaluate, mitigate, and minimize risks associated with cloud infrastructures’ vulnerabilities or perceived vulnerabilities.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

This position requires that the candidate selected be a US Citizen and obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph.


Solid foundation in service-oriented and web-service technologies
Experience designing and implementing systems using AWS
Familiarity with Information Security or Audit frameworks
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	469	Washington
Enterprise System Engineering & Architecture II	Xator Corporation	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.
Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable. Position requires TS/SCI clearance with polygraph.
Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology. Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services. Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support. Security + Certification required Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission. Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks. Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel. Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones. Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation. Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Xator Corporation, and its Subsidiaries, provides equal opportunity to all applicants for employment as required by and/or consistent with applicable country law and company policy. Consistent with the foregoing, Xator Corporation provides qualified applicants consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veterans’ status, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status(s) protected by law. In the United States, Xator Corporation ensures nondiscrimination in all programs and activities in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Vz73K2xl37"	469	Washington
Program Integrator - Level 3 (TS/SCI Poly)	The Kenjya-Trusant Group, LLC	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Clearance Requirement - Active TS/SCI with polygraph


Job Description:

Kenjya-Trusant is seeking a Program Integrator - Level III to provide support on a government contract in the Annapolis Junction, MD area.


Duties, Tasks, and Responsibilities:
Assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and Program Executive Office leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio.
Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative.
Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports.
Draft acquisition and program documents such as Technical Task Orders (TTOs), Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies.
Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.
Required Capabilities:
Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Assist program managers in developing program documentation (TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies), creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Attend contract reviews to assist GPMs in conducting cost estimating and monitoring of program/initiative outcomes.
Advise in the production and tailoring of NSA financial execution reports and program acquisition documentation and ensure affordable, supportable and effective program requirements are specified to meet mission needs.
Provide assistance in analyzing, tracking, and reporting program unfunded requirements in accordance with PEO policies and processes.
Prepare point papers, briefing charts, spreadsheets and other materials to assist in the Government in program decision-making.
Perform data analysis using MS Excel with pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts to present data clearly and effectively.
Create reports to support program management function to include:
a. Bi-Weekly execution reports by program to show funding execution across a program inclusive of budget center, appropriation and source of funding including point solutions & external funding) – how much money does a program have and how is the GPM doing on spending it?
b. Bi-Weekly cost estimating reports by program to show the consolidated burn rate across all contracts that support a program and latest projection for amount of funding required to get through the fiscal year
c. Bi-Weekly combined overview of total budget available vs. total projected costs for remainder of fiscal year (i.e., is there a projected overrun or underrun based on program cost estimates?)
d. BiWeekly report on any areas of concern – e.g., late receipt of external funds, slow execution against certain appropriations
e. Bi-Weekly contracts report by program to track current contract funding run outs (i.e., when will contractor be at risk of work stoppage), current contract periods of performance, planned award dates, burn rate analyses, contractor CDRL deliverables
f. Bi-Weekly Staffing report for LOE contracts, by program, illustrating current and projected staffing, as well as highlighting any areas of concern. Include historic staffing numbers, show positions remaining to be staffed (and their status specifying any delays in filling positions), and show projected staffing for remainder of period of performance. Include attrition metrics.
g. For programs that are going through contract actions and/or ARB baselining, document readiness schedule listing all contract documents required and the status of each against the baseline schedule for completion. (e.g. TTOs, SOWs, CDRL packages, Technical CICA memos, Acquisition Strategies, etc.)
Assist GPM and initiative leads with resource planning and tracking
Prepare and support delivery of presentations to assist with program and initiative status reviews.


Qualifications:
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor’s Degree with a business focus or technical focus is required. In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred. In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts.


THE KENJYA-TRUSANT GROUP, LLC is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business that was established in 2015 as a merger between The Kenjya Group, Inc. and Trusant Technologies, LLC. Our mission is to implement, support and protect the nation’s advanced technology systems, business processes and high-technology facilities. Working with the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, the Intelligence Community, state and local governments, and commercial clients, Kenjya-Trusant provides cyber protection, information technology, engineering, construction management and acquisition support services. We are a small company with big company benefits, including Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, Bonus Potential, Flexible Spending Account, Life Insurance, Short- and Long-Term Disability, Paid Time Off, and a culture of teamwork and continuous learning. Come grow with us!

The Kenjya-Trusant Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. If you require accommodations, please contact our Human Resources Department at (410) 740-4045."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Senior Principal Systems Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior Principal Systems Engineer to join our team in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Design, plan, and integrate VDI solutions with modern deployment techniques such as DevOps and/or DevSecOps.
Develop automation scripts for efficient deployment and operations of cloud based VDI solutions.
Evaluates and reports on new VDI and Mobility technologies to enhance capabilities of virtualized services.
Implement Code First solutions using tools to support a SDDC/VCN that describe and document solutions, complementing the maturation of a CI/CD pipeline
Provides IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SharePoint, Oracle databases, Microsoft SQL Server, Service Now, Altiris, Microsoft Office, Internet Explorer, Adobe Acrobat, HBSS, Splunk, customer line-of-business applications, VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems
Designs and deploys enterprise level disaster recovery solutions
Designs and deploys enterprise class SAN deployments and backup infrastructures, including Data-at-Rest encryption
Designs and deploys new applications and services to the infrastructure
Implements Code First solutions using Infrastructure as Code to describe and to document solutions
Provides systems integration using automated integrating technologies including system deployment leveraging a CI/CD pipeline
Develops automated tests using provided testing framework
Assists Service Operations teams to diagnose and resolve the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to desktop support and deployments
Develops client install packages for across-the-wire system deployments and system upgrades
Writes implementation and design documents describing how security features are implemented
Participates in a Change Management process
Performs requirements analysis, design, and integration for complex software application environments and collaboration infrastructures
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Investigates and resolves operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Participates in technology evaluation and reengineering teams to support strategy-definition and continuous process improvement activities
Develops, enhances, and maintains automation of cloud enablement tools
Participates in the design, implementation and management of workload automation initiatives
Adheres to firm Change Management, Problem Management policies and familiarity with ITIL or other formalized IT operations foundations
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree and 10-12+ years of relevant IT experience, or 7-9+ years with Master’s Degree
5+ years working with cloud platforms
5+ years of experience as an enterprise systems administrator in a client or server environment, including deployment automation tools
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Extensive knowledge of Windows based systems including Hardware, software, networking and storage
Proficiency in PowerShell and/or other scripting languages
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed
Preferred Qualifications:
ITIL v3 or 4 Foundation Certification highly desired
Certifications such as Microsoft Certified Azure Solutions Architect, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure, VMware VCP7 – CMA are highly desired (Computing domain certification is required)
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position up to 75% of the time
Must be able to move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery
Must be able to position self to maintain office supplies on variable height shelving.
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations.
Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
Must be able to observe and detect employee deviations from established policy
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Sr. Java Developer	Powersolv	Washington, DC	None	"Job Title: Software Developer III - Java
Location: Washington DC

Overview:
The purpose of this position is to provide support for critical business functions through the development, implementation, testing and maintenance of applications systems.
Responsibilities:
The position’s essential duties include the following:
Support critical business functions through the development, implementation, and maintenance of applications and systems;
Contribute software development expertise to multiple projects and ensure that specifications are met;
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document software applications;
Follow established software development standards and procedures and contribute towards their improvement;
Develop complex application features and create technical designs;
Participate in peer code and design reviews;
Experienced with a wide range of technologies;
Coordinate with departments and users in the support of business applications.
Represent the IT department in terms of software development expertise in coordination with other departments;

Type of Experience JEE Years of Experience
JEE, EJB 3+, Hibernate 3+, JPA, JMS, JSF, JBoss 4+ 5+ Years
Spring 5+ Years
Oracle 10g+; SQL Server RDBMS concepts 5+ Years
Application Development/Software Engineering/Design Patterns 5+ Years
Web application development 5+ Years
Object oriented design and architecture 5+ Years
Web Services/API Development and use 5+ Years
Technical Documentation 4+ Years

NOTE: In addition, please list any desired experience.
Experience API’s and SOA Patterns
Experience with integration of application software and RDBMS
Knowledge of configuration management, release management principles
Knowledge of SOA
Experience with agile SDLC; Scrum preferred
Experience with high availability architectures
Knowledge of networking and system engineering concepts
Experience with PL/SQL
Experience with scripting languages
Experience with Oracle Access Manager (OAM)
Knowledge of application security concepts

SPECIAL SKILLS:
Analytical and problem solving skills
Developing and/or creating new or more effective ideas, approaches, etc.
Developing and executing short-range plans/decisions
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to exercise sound judgment across a broad range of circumstances"	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Senior Systems Engineer	ACS	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Location: Springfield, VA
Clearance Required: Must be a U.S. Citizen and possess a current and active TS/SCI clearance granted by the Department of Defense or an Intelligence Community agency. Must be able to pass a Counterintelligence (CI) Polygraph.
Background:
Assured Consulting Solutions provides strategic and innovative solutions for customer needs across the business, technology, and organizational spectrum. As a member of our team, you will have the chance to work with customers that are both Government and industry leaders and technology innovators.
We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Senior Systems Engineer to join our team. This Senior Systems Engineers execute engineering tasks, taking a multi-discipline approach to full lifecycle engineering including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the NSG, ASG and Federal Agencies to ensure timely and accurate GEOINT. They provide a substantial portion, if not all of, the engineering support to the teams to which they are assigned.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Work closely with current/legacy product managers and SMEs to fully understand and document modernization needs.
Review publications data and structure against conceptual data models and future database plans, and perform data cleanup activities in accordance with established guidelines and direction.
Review and update publications text including structured and unstructured text
Utilizing Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Review and update FrameMaker files, including supporting documentation
Convert documents between FrameMaker versions
Upgrade documents to the latest FrameMaker version
Create final products in PDF format, ensuring quality control and adding value to the user experience
Designing Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
SGML and XML programming and coding.
Publish architectural and engineering drawings depicting modernization plans
Document CONOPS, SOPs and appropriate design solutions and ensure the compatibility of system components.
Perform the full lifecycle of engineering support including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability analysis, resiliency analysis, development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability analysis, and decommissioning.
Provide engineering support for requirements across the NSG and ASG.
Lead the planning, documenting, analysis, and traceability of user requirements and architectures.
Conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assist the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management, and interface design.
Support RFP development and generate engineering documentation for RFPs.
Provide proposal evaluation support as requested by the government.
Provide architectural support.
Identify industry and NGA standards and create IPF unique standards for open architecture, service centric architecture, service oriented architecture, and cloud architecture for inclusion in IPF RFPs, existing contracts, and government development efforts.
Brief assigned activities as required.
Work cross project with other IPF projects to facilitate transition from concept to development to sustainment to decommissioning.
Work across NGA, NSG, and ASG partners to include but not limited to NGA/IPF, NGA/SF, NGA/R, NGA/TD, NGA/TA, DoD, FAA, and foreign partners, to provide engineering support to advance the Foundation GEOINT mission.
Support IPF leadership priorities and guidance
Required Qualifications:
Senior-level demonstrated experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or system engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture/Cloud environments.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with systems engineering lifecycle.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Adobe FrameMaker, XML programming, SGML programming, and Maritime Publications.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Geographic Information Systems
Desired Qualifications:
Master's degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as, engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences or in project management or engineering management.
Certified as an INCOSE System Engineering Professional (CSEP) or DAWIA (level III) in IT or SPRDE or certified Scaled Agile Framework Agilist (SA) or Software Development Framework.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Foundation GEOINT data domains and mission areas.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with NGA Process and tools, to include System Engineering, Acquisition, Configuration Management, Readiness and Security.
Senior-level demonstrated Experience with software coding
Thorough familiarity with Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Advanced word-processing and editing skills including ability to follow established formatting guidance for unstructured and structured text, tables, lists, and other text elements
Advanced familiarity with Adobe PDF format, elements, options, bookmarks, structure, and final product
Basic familiarity with User Experience with digital publications
Basic data entry skills including accuracy
Experience following established guidelines and direction
Quality control experience
Experience performing data cleanup activities
Basic Geographic Information Systems (GIS) skills
Basic SGML programming and basic coding skills
Basic XML programming and basic coding skills
Basic familiarity with data models and conceptual database schema
Education Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences. A degree in Systems Engineering, Project Management, or similar non-technical field does not satisfy this requirement.
Years of Experience:
12-18 years w/ Bachelor's Degree
Each year of degree work past Bachelor's degree can be used for ½ year of work experience
Position Type: Full-Time
Shift: Day
Assured Consulting Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact ACS Human Resources at (703) 662-5062"	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Cybersecurity Manager- CISSP- Secret Clearance	Entegee	Washington, DC	$60 - $70 an hour	Cybersecurity ManagerWashington, DC6 Months Temp-to-HireSecret Clearance required- Must be eligible for TS clearanceCISSP requiredDetails: Looking for an on-site Cybersecurity Supervisor with excellent hands on experience in Cyber Security, Project Management, and supervising direct reports. Responsibilities include providing direct support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as managing the Team providing support providing support to the ISSM.Duties include: Provide support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as System ISSMs.Work directly with the Echelon II ISSM to identify strategic goals and objectivesLead the breakdown of the project goals into achievable objectivesWork with the Echelon II ISSM to effectively prioritize projects and tasking for direct reportsSupport and provide expert guidance on all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkMaintain the SSP Enterprise systems Assessment and Authorization (A&A) packages; topologies; ports, protocol, and services lists; contingency plans, disaster recovery procedures, incident response plans, and POA&Ms.Support the development and monitoring of cybersecurity policy and proceduresAnalyze and advise on issues, threats, and incident responses for enterprise and tactical systemsAssist in conducting internal audits of enterprise IT networks, systems, applications, and security tools to ensure they adhere to Navy, and DoD security policies and procedures (e.g., STIGs, CTOs, IAVMs, FRAGOs, NTDs, etc.) and applicable frameworks and regulations (e.g., NIST, FISMA, etc.)Review DoD, DON cyber security alerts, notices, IAVMs, etc., and conduct risk assessments and discuss mitigation strategies when needed.Provide technical guidance to the IAM/ISSM, CIO, Cybersecurity Workgroup (CSWG), Program Managers (PMs), Program Management Officers (PMOs), FBM Partners, etc. on cybersecurity matters and initiatives, including researching new technologies to counter evolving threats.Perform supervisory duties including, but not limited to, hiring, training, evaluating, counselling, and disciplining employees.Ensure personnel are properly qualified to perform duties effectively. Identify successors for all key positions. Sets technical and performance objectives with subordinates. Conduct performance appraisals. Ensure that all personnel are informed of and adhere to all pertinent company policies and procedures.Qualifications: Active Secret DoD Clearance AND Ability to obtain and maintain Top Secret DoD ClearanceCISSPBS Degree in Information Systems or similar8+ years of directly related experienceKnowledge and experience with assessing NIST 800-53 security controlsFamiliarity with NIST Special PublicationsKnowledge and understanding of security technologies including vulnerability scanning (ACAS), firewalls, HBSS and data protection/encryption systemsSolid analytical, planning, and organizational skills with the ability to multi-taskAbility to work with teams and independently on projectsExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to establish and maintain effective working relationships with partners and government officialsAbility to obtain and maintain Common Access Card (CAC) along with badge access to the customer’s facilityAbility to obtain and maintain a network account in good standing on the customer’s networkAbility to meet the requirements for an IAM III as specified in the DoD 8570 within 6 months of startRequirements: Experience managing direct reportsExperience with all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkExperience with information security configuration guides or DISA STIGsExperience developing policies, procedures, and technical training materialsExperience developing strategic goals and objectivesExperience managing projects of various size to include multi-team projectsExperience creating project charters, project plans, and project schedulesEqual Opportunity Employer/Veterans/DisabledTo read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visit https://www.entegee.com/candidate-privacy-information-statement/The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Cybersecurity: 8 years (Required)NIST standards: 5 years (Required)RMF: 5 years (Required)DISA STIGs: 5 years (Required)Cybersecurity Management: 2 years (Required)License/Certification:CISSP (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Contract Length:More than 1 yearFull Time Opportunity:YesWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	469	Washington
Sr. Applications Programmer	Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, Ltd.	Maryland City, MD	None	Position Summary: Odyssey Systems has an exciting new opportunity for a Sr. Applications Programmer to support the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program’s (CDMRP) Electronic Grants System (EGS).Responsibilities: Duties include, but not limited to:Develop computer application software code for integration into an existing electronic grants management system.Modify existing application code, configurations, and database to accommodate enhancementsMake database changes to accommodate new system functions and featuresAnalyze functional business applications and design specifications for functional areas such as finance, accounting, personnel, manpower, logistics, and contractsEnhance software to reduce operating time and/or improve efficiencyCorrect system errors, defects, and issues associated with the EGS application and/or databaseDevelop block diagrams and logic flow chartsTranslate detailed design into computer softwareTest, debug, and refine the computer software to produce the required productDevelop system design, process flows, and necessary technical architectural documentsPrepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentationProvide technical direction to programmers to ensure program deadlines are metEnsure proper federal government IT security regulations, procedures, and protocols are followedReport any security concerns to the Project ManagerCommunicate and coordinate with hosting facility System Administrators as well as with federal IT staff to meet new user operating environment requirementsQualifications:Minimum Qualifications:Software Developer III: BA/BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 5 years’ experience or MS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 3 years’ experienceCompTIA A+, Network+, or Security+ certificationManagement/TrainingExperience and ability to mentor junior software developers on design patterns and development best practices to ensure quality output to meet program milestones and deliverablesEffective verbal and written communication skills.Technical Skills:Knowledge of a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures in coding software applications and in developing professional-level software application code.Must be proficient in IntelliJ, Ultra Edit, Mozilla Firefox, Oracle SQL Developer, and Microsoft Visio, VMWare ESX, RedHat Linux OS, Java-JDK + Oracle RDBMS.Experience in CI/CD pipeline using SVN, JenkinsExperience as an Agile Software Development Team member (i.e., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, etc.)Experience as an applications programmer on large-scale database management systems.Knowledge of and experience applying automated testing.Knowledge and experience in quality management processes and in the software test/release process.Experience working as an IT Systems Operations and Maintenance team member providing Tier 2 and 3 support.Experience using Customer Relationship Management Systems or Help Desk Ticketing Systems (i.e., Jira (preferred), SalesForce, ServiceNow, etc.)Must be onsite at customer location (Fort Detrick) during business hours and must work effectively in a team environmentExperience working in a regulated environmentExcellent problem solving and analytical, and technical skills.Ability to think critically and act expeditiously to evaluate situations, make decisions, and solve problems.Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to work well with a variety of personalities.Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changes in priorities and aggressive deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePointStrong analytical skillsHighly organized, efficient, and extremely detail-orientedAbility to prioritize among multiple tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environmentAbility to work independently and know when to seek assistancePreferred Qualifications:Desired knowledge and experience with grants management processesAbility to create process maps utilizing Visio or other similar softwareAdditional Information:Place of Performance: Frederick, MDUS Citizenship requiredNational Agency Clearance and Inquiries (NACI)Travel may be required#LI-POSTCompany Overview: Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, is an innovative small business committed to providing world-class technical, management, and training support services to government and public sector clients. We focus on people, processes, and performance to deliver superior results. Since our inception in 1997, our commitment to mission success and customer satisfaction has been recognized with exponential growth and exceptional past performance ratings. We accept challenging assignments and drive projects from the planning stages, through implementation, and into operations and support._Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities_Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Automation Technician Engineer(Pharma)	Kelly	Beltsville, MD 20705	None	"Automation Technician Engineer(Pharma)
1 year W2 contract
41$/hr
Harmans.MD
Catalent Cell & Gene Therapy is a rapidly growing Biotech Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) recently recognized as the 2018 Life Science Company of the Year by the Maryland Tech Council (MTC). Catalent provides process development and GMP manufacturing services for Phase I/II clinical trials to industry leaders as well as start-ups utilizing novel technologies to produce innovative gene therapies and vaccines for adults and children with critical unmet medical needs. We are building a new 150,000 square foot single use technology GMP facility which will support Phase III trials and full GMP manufacturing. As a Catalent employee, you will actively contribute to the delivery of our services and products to our customers and their patients.

The Automation Technician will be part of a team reporting to the Manager Automation and will provide key support for various manufacturing systems. This will include Programmable Logic controllers (PLC), process equipment such as Single-Use (SU) Bioreactors, SU Chromatography, Purification & Filtration systems, and Other Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) systems in Manufacturing.

This role will be responsible as the first-responder to Manufacturing system troubleshooting. Including, but not limited to, verification of system connectivity, network communication, performing loop checks/verification, verification of industrial component functionality (i.e., PLC errors), control panel troubleshooting, basic troubleshooting of computerized systems, and like-for-like part replacement.

The role will also require performing on-going Automation PMs and tasks including, but not limited to, user management configuration, system backups, backup review, and support to Commissioning or Validation projects.

For various project assignments/initiatives, the automation technician is responsible for partnering with Quality Assurance and Manufacturing groups in maintaining compliance with CGMP requirements. The role provides multiple opportunities to learn new skills in IT, automation and process analytical technologies and help advance innovative gene therapies to patients.
Must be able to work and be on call off day shifts including weekends in rotation with a staff of engineers.
Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Understand and support all GMPs, safety, and environmental regulations. Periodically reviews automation documents, preventive and corrective maintenance, and SOPs to ensure compliance with GMP and safety.First-responder to equipment and system troubleshooting. Escalation to Automation Engineers based on assessment and preliminary repair tasks.On-floor support of manufacturing and process development.Perform Automation Preventative Maintenance tasks (for example, PLC backups)Complete Automation Support Tasks (for example, User Management)

Education & Experience:
Required:
Associates Degree or equivalent qualification.Effective interpersonal and communication skills (written and oral) are required.Must be well-organized and have ability to prioritize tasks.Experience with PLC troubleshooting and performing backupsExperience with Control Panel troubleshooting. For example, loop checks and like-for-like parts replacement.Experience with reading and understanding P&ID and Wiring diagramsExperience with basic identification of system network or communication failures
Desired:
2 to 4 years’ experience in an Automation role supporting process, laboratory or facility equipment.A working knowledge of the regulatory requirements for pharmaceutical applications.
Why Kelly®?
Your engineering skills are in demand, but how do you find the right fit? Easy. With Kelly® Engineering, our experts connect you with leading organizations where you can learn and grow, collaborate on innovative projects, and keep your skills sharp with top technology. Whether you prefer the variety and flexibility of short-term projects, or are looking for something more long-term, we’re here every step of the way to find your dream engineering job.
About Kelly®
At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance.
]]"	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior Manager A&A	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"
10+ years of Assessment and Authorization experience in a related industry (experience owning a program/product/feature, scoping requirements, planning milestones, project management and working with technical teams)
10+ years of familiarity with the processes and documentation required to articulate the appropriate system security products or services with stakeholder government customers to define a project scope, requirements, and deliverables.
5+ years experience architecting information systems for authorization under ICD 503 or DoD Risk Management Framework.
DoD Manual 8570 IAM Level III certification
Current, active US Government Security Clearance at the TS/SCI level with Polygraph.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading cloud provider, providing virtual infrastructure, storage, networking, messaging, and many other services to customers all over the world. AWS runs a globally distributed environment, operating at massive levels of scale. Businesses, from start-ups to enterprises, run their operations and applications on AWS’s multi-tenant infrastructure. Governmental organizations are also looking to and depending on AWS for cloud solutions and services.

World Wide Public Sector is looking for an exceptional Senior A&A Project Manager to support Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and audit activities for AWS services in our Federal Delivery Organization (FDO). The FDO is responsible for program management activities across a portfolio of Federal programs, and activities include managing multiple concurrent region expansion work packages, task orders, maintaining the program’s integrated master schedule, risk mitigation strategies, Assessment and Authorization activities, quality assurance and IV&V functions.

This position is based in the Annapolis Junction, MD. You will join a cadre of program management, technical business development, and information security professionals to establish a proactive, results-driven team focused on improving our ability to deliver new capabilities to our customers. As a Senior A&A Project Manager on the A&A team, you will spend the majority of your time working with technical business leaders (such as hardware and software engineering leaders, and technical program managers) to develop and produce A&A related documentation to ensure efficient service onboarding.

The role requires working experience with the Risk Management Framework (RMF), System Security Plans (SSP), Security Control Traceability Matrices (SCTM), familiarity with the customer environment, and an understanding of existing AWS services. You will draw upon an information security background, critical thinking, and analytic problem solving skills to support A&A activities, recommend improvements as required, and effectively support the delivery of industry leading, secure services to our Federal customers.

Core Responsibilities include:
Coordinate amongst government customers to produce and implement system security packages across cloud infrastructure platforms.

Work across a wide variety of AWS teams to establish and maintain information security documentation, including security questionnaires, SSPs, and SCTMs.

Responsible for reviewing proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential system security risks, and resolving integration issues related to the implementation of new services with the existing cloud infrastructure.

Implement higher level system security requirements such as those resulting from laws, regulations, or government directives by developing long range plans for security systems that anticipate, identify, evaluate, mitigate, and minimize risks associated with cloud infrastructures’ vulnerabilities or perceived vulnerabilities.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

This position requires that the candidate selected be a US Citizen and obtain and maintain an active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph.


Solid foundation in service-oriented and web-service technologies
Experience designing and implementing systems using AWS
Familiarity with Information Security or Audit frameworks
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	469	Washington
Enterprise System Engineering & Architecture II	Xator Corporation	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Assist with Tier III Expeditionary IT Systems Engineering. Provide end-user systems and technical support to enterprise organizations and deployed locations and personnel. Provide risk management tools; implement information management tools, evaluate performance-based information, provide technical and process recommendation, conduct technical analysis of alternatives, and provide configuration management. Assist in planning, developing, deploying, securing, and operating the Information Technology Infrastructure (for all domains) across the customer enterprise. Assist in developing transition plans and processes related to services that include data links, networks, government communication systems, interfaces, and processing systems.
Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:
Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 15 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 19 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable. Position requires TS/SCI clearance with polygraph.
Desired Capabilities/Experience:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: Experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), VMware, Hyper-V, and Virtualization technology. Experience in requirements gathering, design synthesis, and system design to assist with the transformation of services. Ability to produce enterprise level architectural artifacts such as: CONOPS, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), use-case diagrams and security-based compliance support. Security + Certification required Experience performing risk analysis, evaluating test results, identifying and reporting health status of activities, ensuring the health and compatibility of enterprise and mission. Experience performing gap analysis and risk analysis and understanding the significance and probability of identified risks. Ability to communicate required activities, compliance information, and technical information with enterprise personnel. Ability to serve as liaison to critical personnel in monitoring the state of project development milestones. Ability to develop troubleshooting recommendations and research solutions, capturing efforts in appropriate systems engineering documentation. Must have familiarization with the agency enterprise infrastructure.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Xator Corporation, and its Subsidiaries, provides equal opportunity to all applicants for employment as required by and/or consistent with applicable country law and company policy. Consistent with the foregoing, Xator Corporation provides qualified applicants consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veterans’ status, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status(s) protected by law. In the United States, Xator Corporation ensures nondiscrimination in all programs and activities in accordance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Vz73K2xl37"	469	Washington
Program Integrator - Level 3 (TS/SCI Poly)	The Kenjya-Trusant Group, LLC	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Clearance Requirement - Active TS/SCI with polygraph


Job Description:

Kenjya-Trusant is seeking a Program Integrator - Level III to provide support on a government contract in the Annapolis Junction, MD area.


Duties, Tasks, and Responsibilities:
Assist individual program managers, initiative leads, and Program Executive Office leadership with monitoring and reporting on the overall health of programs, initiatives, and/or a portfolio.
Perform holistic analysis across multiple contracts and government activities to identify cost, schedule and performance concerns for a program or initiative.
Perform cross-program analysis to assist in responding to Investment Portfolio (IP) actions and producing execution reports.
Draft acquisition and program documents such as Technical Task Orders (TTOs), Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies.
Prepare presentations to report analysis findings as well as program/portfolio status.
Required Capabilities:
Provide financial and summary reports on the program elements to GPMs at the program level and assist with the allocation and tracking of resources; recommend funding adjustments as appropriate (contract staffing, facilities, and budgets).
Assist program managers in developing program documentation (TTOs, Statements of Work (SOWs), Program Management Plans (PMPs), Risk Management Plans, program schedules, Technical CICA memorandums, and Acquisition Strategies), creating program schedules, tracking program status, evaluating operational and technical alternatives, performing risk assessment and managing integrated product teams.
Provide support to GPMs to assure execution within the cost, schedule, and performance baselines. Utilize program management tools (e.g., Plan-It, MS Excel) to assist GPM with planning, documenting, executing, and reporting of all program details (e.g., spend plans), for both current year (FY) and out-years (FYDP).
Attend contract reviews to assist GPMs in conducting cost estimating and monitoring of program/initiative outcomes.
Advise in the production and tailoring of NSA financial execution reports and program acquisition documentation and ensure affordable, supportable and effective program requirements are specified to meet mission needs.
Provide assistance in analyzing, tracking, and reporting program unfunded requirements in accordance with PEO policies and processes.
Prepare point papers, briefing charts, spreadsheets and other materials to assist in the Government in program decision-making.
Perform data analysis using MS Excel with pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts to present data clearly and effectively.
Create reports to support program management function to include:
a. Bi-Weekly execution reports by program to show funding execution across a program inclusive of budget center, appropriation and source of funding including point solutions & external funding) – how much money does a program have and how is the GPM doing on spending it?
b. Bi-Weekly cost estimating reports by program to show the consolidated burn rate across all contracts that support a program and latest projection for amount of funding required to get through the fiscal year
c. Bi-Weekly combined overview of total budget available vs. total projected costs for remainder of fiscal year (i.e., is there a projected overrun or underrun based on program cost estimates?)
d. BiWeekly report on any areas of concern – e.g., late receipt of external funds, slow execution against certain appropriations
e. Bi-Weekly contracts report by program to track current contract funding run outs (i.e., when will contractor be at risk of work stoppage), current contract periods of performance, planned award dates, burn rate analyses, contractor CDRL deliverables
f. Bi-Weekly Staffing report for LOE contracts, by program, illustrating current and projected staffing, as well as highlighting any areas of concern. Include historic staffing numbers, show positions remaining to be staffed (and their status specifying any delays in filling positions), and show projected staffing for remainder of period of performance. Include attrition metrics.
g. For programs that are going through contract actions and/or ARB baselining, document readiness schedule listing all contract documents required and the status of each against the baseline schedule for completion. (e.g. TTOs, SOWs, CDRL packages, Technical CICA memos, Acquisition Strategies, etc.)
Assist GPM and initiative leads with resource planning and tracking
Prepare and support delivery of presentations to assist with program and initiative status reviews.


Qualifications:
Twelve (12) years of demonstrated combined experience in DoD program management, contract management, and/or financial management, and a Bachelor’s Degree with a business focus or technical focus is required. In lieu of a degree, Project Management Institute PMP certification, Contract Manager CPCM certification, or DAWIA Level III in any focus area, and an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of fifteen (15) years may be substituted. Familiarity with Plan-It is preferred. In lieu of certification, an additional three (3) years of directly related experience for a total of eighteen (18) years may be substituted. Intermediate proficiency with MS Excel is required to include demonstrated use of pivot tables, slicers, and pivot charts.


THE KENJYA-TRUSANT GROUP, LLC is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business that was established in 2015 as a merger between The Kenjya Group, Inc. and Trusant Technologies, LLC. Our mission is to implement, support and protect the nation’s advanced technology systems, business processes and high-technology facilities. Working with the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, the Intelligence Community, state and local governments, and commercial clients, Kenjya-Trusant provides cyber protection, information technology, engineering, construction management and acquisition support services. We are a small company with big company benefits, including Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, Bonus Potential, Flexible Spending Account, Life Insurance, Short- and Long-Term Disability, Paid Time Off, and a culture of teamwork and continuous learning. Come grow with us!

The Kenjya-Trusant Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. If you require accommodations, please contact our Human Resources Department at (410) 740-4045."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Senior Principal Systems Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior Principal Systems Engineer to join our team in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Design, plan, and integrate VDI solutions with modern deployment techniques such as DevOps and/or DevSecOps.
Develop automation scripts for efficient deployment and operations of cloud based VDI solutions.
Evaluates and reports on new VDI and Mobility technologies to enhance capabilities of virtualized services.
Implement Code First solutions using tools to support a SDDC/VCN that describe and document solutions, complementing the maturation of a CI/CD pipeline
Provides IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SharePoint, Oracle databases, Microsoft SQL Server, Service Now, Altiris, Microsoft Office, Internet Explorer, Adobe Acrobat, HBSS, Splunk, customer line-of-business applications, VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems
Designs and deploys enterprise level disaster recovery solutions
Designs and deploys enterprise class SAN deployments and backup infrastructures, including Data-at-Rest encryption
Designs and deploys new applications and services to the infrastructure
Implements Code First solutions using Infrastructure as Code to describe and to document solutions
Provides systems integration using automated integrating technologies including system deployment leveraging a CI/CD pipeline
Develops automated tests using provided testing framework
Assists Service Operations teams to diagnose and resolve the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to desktop support and deployments
Develops client install packages for across-the-wire system deployments and system upgrades
Writes implementation and design documents describing how security features are implemented
Participates in a Change Management process
Performs requirements analysis, design, and integration for complex software application environments and collaboration infrastructures
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Investigates and resolves operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Participates in technology evaluation and reengineering teams to support strategy-definition and continuous process improvement activities
Develops, enhances, and maintains automation of cloud enablement tools
Participates in the design, implementation and management of workload automation initiatives
Adheres to firm Change Management, Problem Management policies and familiarity with ITIL or other formalized IT operations foundations
Provides direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree and 10-12+ years of relevant IT experience, or 7-9+ years with Master’s Degree
5+ years working with cloud platforms
5+ years of experience as an enterprise systems administrator in a client or server environment, including deployment automation tools
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Extensive knowledge of Windows based systems including Hardware, software, networking and storage
Proficiency in PowerShell and/or other scripting languages
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed
Preferred Qualifications:
ITIL v3 or 4 Foundation Certification highly desired
Certifications such as Microsoft Certified Azure Solutions Architect, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, MCSE: Cloud Platform and Infrastructure, VMware VCP7 – CMA are highly desired (Computing domain certification is required)
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position up to 75% of the time
Must be able to move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery
Must be able to position self to maintain office supplies on variable height shelving.
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations.
Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
Must be able to observe and detect employee deviations from established policy
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Sr. Java Developer	Powersolv	Washington, DC	None	"Job Title: Software Developer III - Java
Location: Washington DC

Overview:
The purpose of this position is to provide support for critical business functions through the development, implementation, testing and maintenance of applications systems.
Responsibilities:
The position’s essential duties include the following:
Support critical business functions through the development, implementation, and maintenance of applications and systems;
Contribute software development expertise to multiple projects and ensure that specifications are met;
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document software applications;
Follow established software development standards and procedures and contribute towards their improvement;
Develop complex application features and create technical designs;
Participate in peer code and design reviews;
Experienced with a wide range of technologies;
Coordinate with departments and users in the support of business applications.
Represent the IT department in terms of software development expertise in coordination with other departments;

Type of Experience JEE Years of Experience
JEE, EJB 3+, Hibernate 3+, JPA, JMS, JSF, JBoss 4+ 5+ Years
Spring 5+ Years
Oracle 10g+; SQL Server RDBMS concepts 5+ Years
Application Development/Software Engineering/Design Patterns 5+ Years
Web application development 5+ Years
Object oriented design and architecture 5+ Years
Web Services/API Development and use 5+ Years
Technical Documentation 4+ Years

NOTE: In addition, please list any desired experience.
Experience API’s and SOA Patterns
Experience with integration of application software and RDBMS
Knowledge of configuration management, release management principles
Knowledge of SOA
Experience with agile SDLC; Scrum preferred
Experience with high availability architectures
Knowledge of networking and system engineering concepts
Experience with PL/SQL
Experience with scripting languages
Experience with Oracle Access Manager (OAM)
Knowledge of application security concepts

SPECIAL SKILLS:
Analytical and problem solving skills
Developing and/or creating new or more effective ideas, approaches, etc.
Developing and executing short-range plans/decisions
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to exercise sound judgment across a broad range of circumstances"	469	Washington
Cyber Security Front Door Team Lead	Invictus International Consulting, LLC	Reston, VA	None	"Title: Cyber Security Front Door Team Lead
Location: Reston, VA or Alexandria, VA
Clearance: TS/SCI w/CI Poly
Responsibilities:
Provide hybrid Tier 0/Tier 1 service desk support to the client's cybersecurity organization, functioning as the Team Lead for the ""Cyber Security Front Door"" (CSFD); the CSFD functions as the client's forward-facing presence to their customers to ensure efficient and accurate routing of cyber requirements
Manage team of 3-5 individuals to include making hiring recommendations, training, and administrative accountability and oversight
Responsible for oversight and execution of the following functions at a Tier 0 level: self-help and user-retrieved information from SharePoint, development and oversight of current detailed product and technical information (manuals, FAQs, communications, knowledge base, SOPs and self-serve FAQs)
Responsible for oversight and execution of the following functions at a Tier 1 level: support for basic customer issues (examples include account reset or password issues), fulfilling service desk requests that need IT involvement and/or lower-level technical personnel, oversight of and training the team to solve known problems and to fulfill service requests by following scripts; facilitation of services being provided through automation of requirements capture/vetting so that the clients customer can request and receive services without involving SMEs; monitoring of email boxes/discussion boards to respond or elevate requirements to appropriate cyber groups or submit requests to upper support tiers
Manage customer facing SharePoint portals (intermediate experience or high aptitude to be able to function as a SharePoint designer and SharePoint content manager)
Escalate requests across multiple environments for RFIs and services from phone calls, emails, tasking systems, and ServiceNow
Re-route requests as necessary within tasking systems and ServiceNow
Support the implementation of client knowledge management practices; including the use of SharePoint
Oversee the use of the requirements management process for the team
Conduct research on organizational TTPs in order to respond to requests and other requirements as necessary
Provide recommendations for areas of improvement within the organization
Ensure oversight of metrics on key performance indicators reporting on tickets/requests for all team operations
Identify and alert high priority issues/projects to leadership
Produce and edit documentation on internal processes, create user guides for deploying and using services
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree or 4 additional years of work experience required
Minimum of 8 years' cyber/information assurance experience with a general intermediate knowledge of cybersecurity disciplines such as RMF, DevSecOps, CND, cybersecurity engineering, continuous monitoring, customer on-boarding
Minimum of 5 years' experience performing IT Service Management (ITSM) and direct experience with ServiceNow
Working knowledge of SharePoint
Familiarity with DoD and IC a plus
Understanding of knowledge management and content management principles
Understanding of the importance of process optimization
Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to work independently or as a member of a team
Must possess current IAT Level II certification required (Security + CE); 8570 IAT Level III certification preferred; ITIL v3 Foundations certificate desired
Current active TS/SCI clearance required, with the ability to obtain and maintain a CI polygraph"	469	Washington
Program Manager III	Alaka`ina Foundation Family of Companies	Fort Meade, MD	None	Kapili Government Services, LLC is looking for a qualified Program Manager III to support our contract with DISA located at Fort Meade, MD.REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Experience developing Integrated Master Plans and Integrated Master Schedule, resourcing the schedule, and managing to the agree upon scheduleDemonstrated experience managing portfolios of projects and the associated tasks for major programsExperienced in mapping business processes, including identifying value streams and efficienciesExperience in managing customer expectationsExperience leading customers through organizational changeExperience in providing key messaging across teams and to external stakeholders in a clear, concise, easily understandable mannerExperience developing programmatic templates and processes for managing activitiesExperience supporting programs using Agile Development processes and/or Scaled Agile FrameworkExperience with programs using the Architectural Runway concept from SAFeExperience working with Epic definitions and knowledge of how the Epic can be broke down into many StoriesDevelop and refine internal/external communications processes/procedures for new missions and communicate change through the implementation processAbility to communicate with and brief Senior Leaders at the GO/FO and SES levelsExperience developing strategies for, implementing, and managing physical moves of equipment and servicesDemonstrated ability to work harmoniously with multiple Contractor teams supporting development, integration, sustainment, and security tasksExperience with VISIO and other MS/visual graphic toolsUnderstanding of the PPBE process and experience evaluating budgetary changes and funding decisions at the tactical and strategic level.Must be a strong and effective leader with the aptitude to manage and affect resultsDESIRED SKILLS: Strong organizational, writing and presentation skills, and interpersonal communication skillsSelf-motivated and have the ability to work independently, as well as be a team playerAbility to effectively manage multiple competing prioritiesLean Six Sigma certificationScrum Master certificationExperience with the personnel security mission and industrial security mission desiredFamiliarization with GAT(Audit Reporting Security Tool)Experience working in a major program with input and data flows from numerous providers at State, Local, First Responder, Tribal, Medical and FinancialUnderstanding of various data; TTL PII/PHI and NARA Regulations (National Archives and Records Administration)Experience in a Government PM position of a major acquisition program that has visibility within the DoD and Congress or a Contractor working closely with a similar Government PMKnowledge of working in a Cloud environmentDEGREE/EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT: B.S degree (Information Technology or Business Management preferred) and current PMP with 8 years of project management experienceDAWIA Level 3 certification in Program Management, Contracting, or Information Technology and requisite experience in that Level 3 capacity.CITIZENSHIP/SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: An active Secret clearanceKapili Government Services, LLC is a fast-growing government service provider. Employees enjoy competitive salaries; a 401K plan with company match; medical, dental, disability, and life insurance coverage; tuition reimbursement; paid time off; and 10 paid holidays. Kapili Government Services is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer of individuals with disabilities and veterans. We are proud to state that we do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. If you are a person with a disability and you need an accommodation during the application process, please click_ here__ to request accommodation. We E-Verify all employees._The Alaka'ina Foundation Family of Companies (FOCs) is comprised of industry-recognized government service firms designated as Native Hawaiian Organization (NHO)-owned and 8(a) certified businesses. The Family of Companies (FOCs) includes Ke'aki Technologies, Laulima Government Solutions, Kūpono Government Services, and Kapili Services, Po'okela Solutions, Kīkaha Solutions, LLC, and Pololei Solutions, LLC. Alaka'ina Foundation activities under the 501(c)3 principally benefit the youth of Hawaii through charitable efforts which includes providing innovative educational programs that combine leadership, science & technology, and environmental stewardship.For additional information, please visit www.alakainafoundation.comJob Type: Full-timeExperience:project management : 8 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)License:Lean Six Sigma or Scrum Master (Preferred)PMP (Required)DAWIA Level 3 in Program Management, Contracting or IT (Required)Security Clearance Required:Secret (Required)Company's website:https://phg.tbe.taleo.net/phg04/ats/careers/v2/viewRequisition?org=AKIMEKATECH&cws=43&rid=7331	469	Washington
Network Engineer - Network Operations Center	Henry M Jackson Foundation For The Advan	Bethesda, MD	None	"Join the HJF Team!
HJF is seeking a Network Engineer to support the Network Operations Center (NOC) located in the Office of the Senior Vice President for the University and the Office of the Vice President for Information and Educational Technology at the Uniformed Services University (USU) in Bethesda, MD. HJF provides scientific, technical and programmatic support services to NOC. US Citizenship is required.
The incumbent of this position serves as a network administrator and systems manager for LAN and WAN, providing overall network infrastructure and data center management and support to University’s students, faculty and staff, as well as USUHS remote sites such as Twin Brooke, Rockledge, 11300 Rockville Pike, and the Post Graduate College, San Antonio, Texas.
Responsibilities:
The incumbent serves as Tier/Level 3 technical advisor to the Division Chief, Network Operations USU, and the NOC technical staff for Local Area Network (LAN) architectures, topologies, and network operating systems. The incumbent is the agency expert in Local Area Networks with specific emphasis on Cisco LAN. (20%)
The incumbent serves on highly specialized projects and is the agency expert in network hardware, software protocols, configuration, and IT telecommunication/network operations and management. As such he/she is responsible for managing all aspects of network architecture design, acquisition, installation and configuration, software and troubleshooting. (20%)
Responsible for recommending, evaluating, selecting, installing and testing LAN hardware, software and the telecommunications interface, assuming lead in technical operations and tracking of local network interface and network servers. Analyze LAN and WAN network systems, including planning, designing, evaluating, selecting operating systems and protocol suites and configuring communication media with concentrators bridges and other devices. Present written results of analysis to supervisor. (20%)
The incumbent provides technical expertise regarding the Cisco Network Operating Systems, VoIP, Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE), Microsoft and Linux operating system, VMware software, Storage area network(SAN), Google Cloud Computing email system, Virtual Private Network (VPN) and guiding technical staff as required. (10%)
Prepare and maintain system plans and instructions/guidance pertaining to the security of their systems operations. Implement Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) updates, patches and perform compliance reporting as required by the USUHS IAVM Program. (10%)
Ensure Risk Management Framework (RMF) controls are implemented for their specific systems, implement DISA Standard Technical Implementation Guide requirements, Security Readiness Reviews (SRRs), and perform compliance monitoring reporting. (10%)
Perform annual assessments to meet RMF review requirements and provide evidence that support compliance reporting requirements. (10%)
May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned or directed by the supervisor. This may include attendance of and participation in required training for role.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Incumbent must have expert knowledge and experience managing Microsoft client/server components in a multi-domain environment to include Web access, Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Post Office Protocol 3 (POP3), Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP), and TCP-IP sufficient to maintain DIACAP security standards, existing operations and implement migration strategies including planning for continuity of operations during server upgrades. Expert knowledge and experience with network printers, patch management servers and other IT systems administration theories and concepts, in addition to TCP/IP client connectivity and client application. excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to work with a wide variety of personnel of varied technical knowledge. The incumbent must have skills to work in a dynamic environment where priorities change rapidly.
Minimum Education: Bachelors degree is required.
Minimum Experience/ Training Requirements: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Required Licenses, Certification or Registration: Vendor training/certification preferred.
Work Environment: The work is performed in a typical office environment.
Background/Security: U.S. citizenship required; eligible to obtain and maintain a Tier III Investigation/ Secret Clearance.
Employment with HJF is contingent upon successful completion of a background check, which may include, but is not limited to, contacting your professional references, verification of previous employment, addresses, education, and credentials, a criminal background check, drug screening, and a department of motor vehicle (DMV) check.
Any qualifications to be considered as equivalents, in lieu of stated minimums, require the prior approval of the Chief Human Resources Officer
Experience
Required
6 - 8 years: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Education
Required
Bachelors or better
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"	469	Washington
Help Desk Technician IV	General Dynamics Information Technology	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
GDIT is seeking candidates to support the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM). Under the I2TS 3 task order, INSCOM ensures reliable, uninterrupted availability of Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Information Management (C4IM) including: networks, hardware, software, engineering, and specialized tools at the point of customer need to support INSCOMs mission. INSCOM and its MSCs provide the enabling layer to connect the Army and its tactical formations to defense and national intelligence agencies via tactical networks. The ability to provide mission critical intelligence is dependent on the successful use of its information technology (IT) networks worldwide.
Responsibilities:
An I2TS 3 Service Desk Specialist (Help Desk Technician IV):
Provides first contact and incident resolution to customers with hardware, software, and application problems. Includes both customer telephone support as well as electronically submitted requests
Provides polite and friendly customer service
Attempts to resolve as many incidents during the first contact, or at Tier I. Efficiently escalates incidents to higher Tier II or Tier III when required
Documents incident status and solutions in incident database tools
Possesses current working knowledge of computers, printers, laptops, and common windows applications
Works through various types Tier II issues with telephone assist
Provides answers to Frequently Asked Questions or solutions to common problems as part of a customer self-help capability
Perform troubleshooting, maintenance, and repair on many types of hardware and software
Assist in repairing computers, printers, digital senders, etc.
Perform Level I/II Active Directory functions such as unlocking accounts, creating and issuing accounts, etc.
Desirable Skills / Experience:
Knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in network administration and support
Knowledge of related hardware and software
Required Certification(s):
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II Computing Environment (CE) Certification as determined by the Program Manager is required prior to support on contract
Required Security Environment Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalent
Computing Environment certification: MTA 98-365, Windows Server Administrator Fundamentals.
Security Clearance:
TS/SCI required
Additional:
Candidates must be willing and able to attain a CI Polygraph for certain positions as determined by the contract
Position may require lifting of objects (i.e. IT Hardware), reaching/bending/kneeling (i.e. plug in cables) and other moderately strenuous activity
This position requires eligibility to obtain a Kuwaiti Work Permit. Effective January 1, 2021, Kuwait will not issue a Work Permit to an individual who is 60 years of age or older and has only a high school education.
High School diploma/GED with 8 years of related experience, or Associate’s degree with 6 years of experience, or Bachelor’s degree with 4 years of experience
#GDITINSCOM
#I2TS3
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Audio Video Service Technician Level III	Bridges System Integration	Herndon, VA 20170	$70,000 - $80,000 a year	"You are the type of leader who wants to push the boundaries of collaboration technology in redefining and shaping Enterprise clients in government and corporate spaces.
You are a true leader and professional who assists the Service Manager in inspiring and molding a talented mix of experienced and promising technicians.
Bridges System Integration (Bridges SI) is a thought leader with a reputation for deploying emerging technologies with a focus on quality assurance. As an early adopter of AV9000, Bridges SI has built a reputation amongst Washington DC’s largest institutions for being the go-to technology partner.
Bridges SI is looking for a Senior Service Technician to continue the development of our growth and reputation.
This position reports directly to the Service Manager.
In this role, you will perform any necessary Service team functions, including supporting AV equipment at customer sites, performing maintenance and providing hardware and software updates when required, editing files and reading drawings, and leading small teams during on-site projects. As a member of the Bridges SI Service Team, you are expected to provide initiative, vision, and teamwork.
You will be a great fit if you are a strong multi-tasker who can walk in the shoes of our clients and identify their technology pain points. The whole of the organization works to resolve client hurdles in creative and impactful ways.
Requirements
RESPONSIBILITES
Recognize majority of common AV brands and Equipment by sight and by name
Understand purpose of AV components in a system
Operate common AV equipment unassisted
Support operating AV equipment for Live events
Provide customer training on how to use an AV system
Fully test a system for proper function and identify what part isn’t working
Experienced in troubleshooting hardware and software. Understands signal flow
Perform most common and standard AV/IT cable terminations
Change PC’s network settings
Connect to Equipment via IP and Serial connections
Configure and set basic settings in equipment.
Load and retrieve files from DSP’s
Load and retrieve files from Control systems
Make settings adjustments in DSP existing file
Edit DSP files or control code with remote support.
Read drawings and system flows
Perform QA inspections
Perform Site surveys for system upgrades or new spaces
Napkin CAD a functioning system.
Set up and balance an audio system
Build a standalone or closed functioning network
Perform advanced video setups, including edge blends, mirror bounce, prism alignment, convergence
Lead small team projects
Provide remote support to other Service and Integration technicians
Mentor and support team members
QUALIFICATIONS
Has a minimum 7 years of direct or related experience in AV industry which can be composed of any combination of; Site support, installation, VTC support, live event support, system design, programming and Quality Assurance.
Understanding of AV systems, signal flow, and proficiency in troubleshooting
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and AI
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and analytics
Must be willing to work in the Herndon, VA office (during non-pandemic times)
Knowledge of lighting, acoustics and millwork
Knowledge of structural engineering practices such as floor, wall, ceiling support
CTS required
Benefits
Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO) including Holidays and Vacation
Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance
401k Plan
Short Term Disability
Long Term Disability
Life Insurance
Service and Recognition Rewards
Family-friendly Company Events
Work-life balance advocation"	469	Washington
Cyber Security Lead	Leidos	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)	None	"Description
Job Description:
The Defense Group of Leidos has an exciting opportunity for a Cyber Security Lead to support efforts for the Army Cloud Common Shared Service Provider (CCSSP) contract located in the Northern Virginia/National Capital Region. This role will provide leadership, technical direction and guidance to a cyber engineering team and Defnce cyber operations team supporting a DOD Security Operations Center (SOC) or Command Operations Center. In addition will be supporting the program security architects in the development of security controls, mentoring others in technical security concepts and ensuring secure cloud practices are followed. Role will play a meaningful role in maintaining the controls that enable the customer organization to operate expertly, cost effectively, and within compliance standards. Will also assist others in interpreting, understanding, and applying information security policies and standards to mitigate information security risks. Develop positive partnerships and work closely with other members of the customer and LEIDOS Information Security and Legal Compliance organizations in a coordinated and focused manner.
Primary Responsibilities
List daily duties and/or specific job responsibilities.
Participate with the client in the strategic design process to translate security and business requirements into technical designs;
Provide Cybersecurity Enterprise Architecture (CEA) support to implement controls to support compliance for the designated system categorizations;
Supervise cyber security engineers who are embedded in agile teams to apply systems cyber security engineering assurance baselined on DoD IA Support Environment guidance and security best practices as well as commercial security best practices;
Support the Vulnerability and Threat Management (VTM) continuous monitoring strategy, tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs), and processes for continuous monitoring and management of known and emerging vulnerabilities and threats
Create reporting and communication strategy to keep ISO and ISSM informed of the security state of the customer cloud environment(s)
Manage and execute the NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with the responsible AO’s cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) program implementation;
Integrate cyber security engineering expertise into agile development and test processes via technical and change control review, as described in the applicable project management, systems engineer, software development and configuration management plans, processes, and procedures;
Generate and deliver RMF related documentation and artifacts to update and maintain accreditations
Plan, monitor, and execute RMF and cyber security-related tasks and activities daily, coordinating with the agile engineering and project milestones to ensure proactive and early insertion of the cyber security requirements;
Coordinate support to enter, monitor, track, and update the status of operational baseline issues via the POA&M record through to resolution;
Monitor information systems for security incidents and vulnerabilities. This includes developing monitoring and visibility capabilities as well as reporting on incidents, vulnerabilities and trends.
Respond to information system security incidents, including the investigation of, countermeasures to, and recovery from computer-based attacks, unauthorized access, and policy breaches coordinating with the Army CSSP
Support investigation of computer and information security incidents to determine extent of compromise to information and automated information systems;
Team responsibilities encompass maintaining computer and information security incidents and damage and threat assessment programs;
Assist with computer forensic and intrusion support to high technology investigations in the form of computer evidence seizure, computer forensic analysis, data recovery, network assessments, researching and maintaining proficiency in tools, techniques, countermeasures, trends in computer network vulnerabilities, data hiding, and network security and encryption;
Design, develop, or provide recommendations for integrated system solutions, ensuring proprietary/confidential data and systems are protected;
Configure and validate secure systems, and test security products/systems to detect computer and information security weakness.
Support cloud certification activities, system hardening, vulnerability testing, and scanning.
Support compliance activities and audits to ensure data-at-rest / -in-transit is utilizing NSA-approved encryption and the enclave is compliant with the DoD SCCA.
Craft IT security architectural artifacts, provide architectural analysis of the security features and relate the existing system to future customer requirements.
Basic Qualifications
US Citizenship and a DoD Secret Clearance
Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cyber Security, or related field, or equivalent experience
Must have a minimum of eight (8) years of relevant and progressively responsible experience leading teams and managing NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with program cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) implementation
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of experience in the past five years) managing a cyber-team in a DOD environment.
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of relevant experience in the past five years) using DOD enterprise cyber tools, such as, ACAS, HBSS, SIEM, Firewalls, and Network Access Control (NAC)
Familiarity with industry standards, guidelines, and regulatory compliance requirements related to information security and cloud computing such as NIST SP 800-53, and FedRamp
Familiarity with the DoD Secure Cloud Computing Architecture (SCCA)
Familiarity with Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide (SRG) Version 1 Release 3 (v1r3), or latest version
Familiarity with security standards and controls specified in DoDI 8500.01 (Cybersecurity) and 8510.01 (RMF)
Cloud computing experience (AWS and/or Azure)
Demonstrated experience with security vulnerability scanning tools & in performing Cybersecurity vulnerability scanning in AWS and/or Azure
Experience in generating and providing RMF required authorization related documentation and artifacts to the customer Information System Security Owner (ISSO) and Manager (ISSM)
Demonstrated experience writing technical responses to POA&M items
Demonstrated experience with security processes, DevSecOps implementation, Cyber Security, and Cloud infrastructure to develop and deploy enterprise level hosting platforms
Possesses an active CISSP (ISC2 Certified Information System Security Professional) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM).
Must have a DoD 8570 IAT Level II (or Level III) Certification (e.g. Sec+ CE)
Preferred Qualifications
List additional skills and experience that is “nice to have” but not required.
It is desired that the lead has the following qualifications:
Experienced with various security tools and processes such as Splunk, Tenable Security, Fortify
Experience with operation of systems to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Azure cloud environment
A professional background in Systems Engineering / Cloud Architecture / Software Development
Experience with Agile Software Development
AWS/Azure Certifications
Experience with scripting languages (Python, Power Shell)
Motivated self-starter with strong written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to create complex technical reports on analytic findings
External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
External Referral Bonus $:
Potential for Telework:
Yes, 100%
Clearance Level Required:
Secret
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Cyber Management
Pay Range:"	469	Washington
Network Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Herndon, VA 20171	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Network Engineer to join our team in the Herndon, VA area.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Provide leadership, mentoring, and quality assurance for Team Members
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree and 5-7 Years of Experience
Knowledge of Cisco Networking and Switching
Working knowledge of the OSI model, TCP/IP, and subnetting
Working knowledge with Microsoft Visio
Working knowledge with Microsoft office
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Windows 10 & Windows Server
Hands on experience configuring various routing protocols.
Hands on experience with Juniper Firewalls (Juniper 300 Series)
Hands on Experience with Cisco Switches and Firewalls (Cisco 3800 & 9000 Series)
Demonstrates experience with tier II/III level troubleshooting.
CCNP Certified
Security Clearance Requirements:
Minimum Secret clearance required to start with the ability to obtain/maintain a Top Secret/SCI clearance.
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary Work.
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Federal Acquisition Consultant - HHS	Censeo Consulting Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Position Description:
We are seeking an Federal Acquisition Consultant to join our team supporting Health and Human Services (HHS). In the role you will provide innovative business strategies, agile procurement solutions, and work with the team to develop and implement the agency procurement policy/processes and provide consulting support to the Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree required
3+ years of experience providing strategic sourcing and procurement consulting support in the public sector
4+ years of experience supporting complex federal acquisitions for a program office; project management and/or Contracting Officer background a plus
Professional certification preferred (CPCM, CFCM, and/or DAWIA/FAC-C III)
Possess knowledge of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), agency-specific regulations, and be knowledgeable of acquisition streamlining initiatives and reforms
Strong understanding of various acquisition approaches and ability to formulate analyses and create comprehensive documentation
Demonstrated performance developing pricing and negotiation positions across fixed price, cost reimbursement, and time-and-materials contract types
Excellent verbal communication and writing skills
Ability to work independently and in a team on complex acquisitions
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite of tools, to include SharePoint
Responsibilities:
Provides acquisition lifecycle planning and execution support to a high-visibility program group within a major HHS component agency
Demonstrates knowledge of major acquisition lifecycle environments for strategy development and associated best practices
Applies knowledge of federal procurement principles, policies, procedures, and standards to implement programmatic requirements
Ensures on-time completion of task deliverables and activities such as developing SOWs/PWSs, IGCEs, market research, RFPs, project and operational plans, and process improvements
Delivers expert advisory support to government senior executives, program managers, CORs, and division managers regarding the acquisition lifecycle
Serves as a liaison between the program and acquisition offices on all matters of complex, high-dollar procurements
Performs on a team as an individual contributor with a proactive approach to project management
Position Particulars:
This is an exempt, full-time position
Location: Washington D.C.
About Censeo:
Censeo Consulting Group, a management consulting firm, is an advisor and partner to management teams who lead some of the largest and most complex organizations in the world. Our key areas of expertise include operations improvement, acquisition strategy, organization effectiveness, and IT strategy with a strong Federal footprint.

Censeo is rapidly growing and has been recognized for our unique approach, culture, and values:
2020 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2019 Ivy Exec #7 Overall Boutique Consulting Firm and #6 Top Consulting Firms for Culture
2018 Consulting Magazine Best Small Firms to Work For
2017 Vault #12 Best Boutique Consulting Firm
2016 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2015 Washington Business Journal’s Philanthropy List
Censeo is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal opportunity to all applicants and employees in full compliance with all applicable state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, gender, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other class protected by applicable state or federal law.
hT4dks4N01"	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Network Engineer - Network Operations Center	Henry M Jackson Foundation For The Advan	Bethesda, MD	None	"Join the HJF Team!
HJF is seeking a Network Engineer to support the Network Operations Center (NOC) located in the Office of the Senior Vice President for the University and the Office of the Vice President for Information and Educational Technology at the Uniformed Services University (USU) in Bethesda, MD. HJF provides scientific, technical and programmatic support services to NOC. US Citizenship is required.
The incumbent of this position serves as a network administrator and systems manager for LAN and WAN, providing overall network infrastructure and data center management and support to University’s students, faculty and staff, as well as USUHS remote sites such as Twin Brooke, Rockledge, 11300 Rockville Pike, and the Post Graduate College, San Antonio, Texas.
Responsibilities:
The incumbent serves as Tier/Level 3 technical advisor to the Division Chief, Network Operations USU, and the NOC technical staff for Local Area Network (LAN) architectures, topologies, and network operating systems. The incumbent is the agency expert in Local Area Networks with specific emphasis on Cisco LAN. (20%)
The incumbent serves on highly specialized projects and is the agency expert in network hardware, software protocols, configuration, and IT telecommunication/network operations and management. As such he/she is responsible for managing all aspects of network architecture design, acquisition, installation and configuration, software and troubleshooting. (20%)
Responsible for recommending, evaluating, selecting, installing and testing LAN hardware, software and the telecommunications interface, assuming lead in technical operations and tracking of local network interface and network servers. Analyze LAN and WAN network systems, including planning, designing, evaluating, selecting operating systems and protocol suites and configuring communication media with concentrators bridges and other devices. Present written results of analysis to supervisor. (20%)
The incumbent provides technical expertise regarding the Cisco Network Operating Systems, VoIP, Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE), Microsoft and Linux operating system, VMware software, Storage area network(SAN), Google Cloud Computing email system, Virtual Private Network (VPN) and guiding technical staff as required. (10%)
Prepare and maintain system plans and instructions/guidance pertaining to the security of their systems operations. Implement Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) updates, patches and perform compliance reporting as required by the USUHS IAVM Program. (10%)
Ensure Risk Management Framework (RMF) controls are implemented for their specific systems, implement DISA Standard Technical Implementation Guide requirements, Security Readiness Reviews (SRRs), and perform compliance monitoring reporting. (10%)
Perform annual assessments to meet RMF review requirements and provide evidence that support compliance reporting requirements. (10%)
May perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned or directed by the supervisor. This may include attendance of and participation in required training for role.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Incumbent must have expert knowledge and experience managing Microsoft client/server components in a multi-domain environment to include Web access, Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Post Office Protocol 3 (POP3), Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP), and TCP-IP sufficient to maintain DIACAP security standards, existing operations and implement migration strategies including planning for continuity of operations during server upgrades. Expert knowledge and experience with network printers, patch management servers and other IT systems administration theories and concepts, in addition to TCP/IP client connectivity and client application. excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to work with a wide variety of personnel of varied technical knowledge. The incumbent must have skills to work in a dynamic environment where priorities change rapidly.
Minimum Education: Bachelors degree is required.
Minimum Experience/ Training Requirements: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Required Licenses, Certification or Registration: Vendor training/certification preferred.
Work Environment: The work is performed in a typical office environment.
Background/Security: U.S. citizenship required; eligible to obtain and maintain a Tier III Investigation/ Secret Clearance.
Employment with HJF is contingent upon successful completion of a background check, which may include, but is not limited to, contacting your professional references, verification of previous employment, addresses, education, and credentials, a criminal background check, drug screening, and a department of motor vehicle (DMV) check.
Any qualifications to be considered as equivalents, in lieu of stated minimums, require the prior approval of the Chief Human Resources Officer
Experience
Required
6 - 8 years: Minimum of 6-8 years of work related experience is required.
Education
Required
Bachelors or better
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)"	469	Washington
Systems Analyst Advisor - TS/SCI - Springfield, VA or Tampa FL	General Dynamics	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Type of Requisition:
Regular
Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:
Top Secret/SCI
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:
Top Secret/SCI
Suitability:
No Suitability Required
Public Trust/Other Required:
Job Family:
Systems Analysis
Job Description:
Systems Analyst Advisor
Top Secret/SCI
Springfield, VA or Tampa, FL
Please take this opportunity to join one of GDIT’s fastest long-standing growing programs! US Battlefield Information Collection and Exploitation System eXtended (US BICES-X) is a cutting edge program supporting DoD intelligence information sharing on current and emerging global threats to mission and coalition partners and emerging nations. With an internationally dispersed team supporting each combatant command, the US BICES-X team is in direct support of the war fighter and their missions. We are seeking a creative and driven professional with a passion for solving real world issues on a cross-functional, fast paced team.
Responsibilities:
Analyzes information from system users and develops solutions that meet the scope and objectives of the system along with addressing system needs. Exercises independent judgement and works with very limited supervision.
Conducts complex form design and layout activities.
Performs preparation of systems specifications.
Uses advanced knowledge to develop technical documentation to guide system users and to assist with the ongoing operation, maintenance and development of systems.
Performs detailed analysis and systems designs with great autonomy.
May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.
May serve as team or task lead. (Not a people manager)
Work with team members, decision makers, and stakeholders to define business requirements and systems goals, and to identify and resolve business systems issues.
Participate in all Systems-related meetings and/or discussions with team members and stakeholders.
Provides input for documentation on new or existing systems.
Ensure the processing of customer requirements is directed and facilitated to the proper functional group.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned.
Participates in special projects as assigned.
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
5+ years of experience.
BA/BS Degree – may substitute additional years of experience
Must be capable of obtaining and maintaining a Top Secret/SCI Security Clearance.
Must meet DOD 8750 requirements and be eligible for IAM level II access upon hire for positions with elevated privileges and must obtain ITIL V4 Foundation within six months of hire.
Ability to work in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment and multi-task while still ensuring high quality of work
Highly organized with strong ability to prioritize work and work autonomously.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Great attention to detail and presentation.
Results driven, highly efficient, energetic and highly motivated.
Must possess a high degree of intelligence, competence, maturity, adaptability, resilience, integrity and initiative
The work is typically performed at client site locations, which requires proper safety precautions; work may require some physical effort in the handling of light materials, boxes or equipment.
Preferred Qualifications:
eMASS
Risk Management Framework (RMF)
IAM II or IAM III
Familiarity of DevOPS, systems integration and continuous monitoring strategies
Working knowledge of DoD and NIST security publications
Desired Certifications:
CASP, CISM, GSLC or CISSP
For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
#dpost #cjobs #cjpost #isdcj #GDITRecruiter #BICES
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Travel Required:
None
Telecommuting Options:
Some Telecommuting Allowed
Work Location:
USA VA Springfield
Additional Work Locations:
USA FL Tampa
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Help Desk Technician IV	General Dynamics Information Technology	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
GDIT is seeking candidates to support the US Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM). Under the I2TS 3 task order, INSCOM ensures reliable, uninterrupted availability of Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Information Management (C4IM) including: networks, hardware, software, engineering, and specialized tools at the point of customer need to support INSCOMs mission. INSCOM and its MSCs provide the enabling layer to connect the Army and its tactical formations to defense and national intelligence agencies via tactical networks. The ability to provide mission critical intelligence is dependent on the successful use of its information technology (IT) networks worldwide.
Responsibilities:
An I2TS 3 Service Desk Specialist (Help Desk Technician IV):
Provides first contact and incident resolution to customers with hardware, software, and application problems. Includes both customer telephone support as well as electronically submitted requests
Provides polite and friendly customer service
Attempts to resolve as many incidents during the first contact, or at Tier I. Efficiently escalates incidents to higher Tier II or Tier III when required
Documents incident status and solutions in incident database tools
Possesses current working knowledge of computers, printers, laptops, and common windows applications
Works through various types Tier II issues with telephone assist
Provides answers to Frequently Asked Questions or solutions to common problems as part of a customer self-help capability
Perform troubleshooting, maintenance, and repair on many types of hardware and software
Assist in repairing computers, printers, digital senders, etc.
Perform Level I/II Active Directory functions such as unlocking accounts, creating and issuing accounts, etc.
Desirable Skills / Experience:
Knowledge of the principles, methods, and techniques used in network administration and support
Knowledge of related hardware and software
Required Certification(s):
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II Computing Environment (CE) Certification as determined by the Program Manager is required prior to support on contract
Required Security Environment Certification: CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalent
Computing Environment certification: MTA 98-365, Windows Server Administrator Fundamentals.
Security Clearance:
TS/SCI required
Additional:
Candidates must be willing and able to attain a CI Polygraph for certain positions as determined by the contract
Position may require lifting of objects (i.e. IT Hardware), reaching/bending/kneeling (i.e. plug in cables) and other moderately strenuous activity
This position requires eligibility to obtain a Kuwaiti Work Permit. Effective January 1, 2021, Kuwait will not issue a Work Permit to an individual who is 60 years of age or older and has only a high school education.
High School diploma/GED with 8 years of related experience, or Associate’s degree with 6 years of experience, or Bachelor’s degree with 4 years of experience
#GDITINSCOM
#I2TS3
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Audio Video Service Technician Level III	Bridges System Integration	Herndon, VA 20170	$70,000 - $80,000 a year	"You are the type of leader who wants to push the boundaries of collaboration technology in redefining and shaping Enterprise clients in government and corporate spaces.
You are a true leader and professional who assists the Service Manager in inspiring and molding a talented mix of experienced and promising technicians.
Bridges System Integration (Bridges SI) is a thought leader with a reputation for deploying emerging technologies with a focus on quality assurance. As an early adopter of AV9000, Bridges SI has built a reputation amongst Washington DC’s largest institutions for being the go-to technology partner.
Bridges SI is looking for a Senior Service Technician to continue the development of our growth and reputation.
This position reports directly to the Service Manager.
In this role, you will perform any necessary Service team functions, including supporting AV equipment at customer sites, performing maintenance and providing hardware and software updates when required, editing files and reading drawings, and leading small teams during on-site projects. As a member of the Bridges SI Service Team, you are expected to provide initiative, vision, and teamwork.
You will be a great fit if you are a strong multi-tasker who can walk in the shoes of our clients and identify their technology pain points. The whole of the organization works to resolve client hurdles in creative and impactful ways.
Requirements
RESPONSIBILITES
Recognize majority of common AV brands and Equipment by sight and by name
Understand purpose of AV components in a system
Operate common AV equipment unassisted
Support operating AV equipment for Live events
Provide customer training on how to use an AV system
Fully test a system for proper function and identify what part isn’t working
Experienced in troubleshooting hardware and software. Understands signal flow
Perform most common and standard AV/IT cable terminations
Change PC’s network settings
Connect to Equipment via IP and Serial connections
Configure and set basic settings in equipment.
Load and retrieve files from DSP’s
Load and retrieve files from Control systems
Make settings adjustments in DSP existing file
Edit DSP files or control code with remote support.
Read drawings and system flows
Perform QA inspections
Perform Site surveys for system upgrades or new spaces
Napkin CAD a functioning system.
Set up and balance an audio system
Build a standalone or closed functioning network
Perform advanced video setups, including edge blends, mirror bounce, prism alignment, convergence
Lead small team projects
Provide remote support to other Service and Integration technicians
Mentor and support team members
QUALIFICATIONS
Has a minimum 7 years of direct or related experience in AV industry which can be composed of any combination of; Site support, installation, VTC support, live event support, system design, programming and Quality Assurance.
Understanding of AV systems, signal flow, and proficiency in troubleshooting
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and AI
Interest in the relationship between audiovisual and analytics
Must be willing to work in the Herndon, VA office (during non-pandemic times)
Knowledge of lighting, acoustics and millwork
Knowledge of structural engineering practices such as floor, wall, ceiling support
CTS required
Benefits
Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO) including Holidays and Vacation
Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance
401k Plan
Short Term Disability
Long Term Disability
Life Insurance
Service and Recognition Rewards
Family-friendly Company Events
Work-life balance advocation"	469	Washington
Cyber Security Lead	Leidos	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)	None	"Description
Job Description:
The Defense Group of Leidos has an exciting opportunity for a Cyber Security Lead to support efforts for the Army Cloud Common Shared Service Provider (CCSSP) contract located in the Northern Virginia/National Capital Region. This role will provide leadership, technical direction and guidance to a cyber engineering team and Defnce cyber operations team supporting a DOD Security Operations Center (SOC) or Command Operations Center. In addition will be supporting the program security architects in the development of security controls, mentoring others in technical security concepts and ensuring secure cloud practices are followed. Role will play a meaningful role in maintaining the controls that enable the customer organization to operate expertly, cost effectively, and within compliance standards. Will also assist others in interpreting, understanding, and applying information security policies and standards to mitigate information security risks. Develop positive partnerships and work closely with other members of the customer and LEIDOS Information Security and Legal Compliance organizations in a coordinated and focused manner.
Primary Responsibilities
List daily duties and/or specific job responsibilities.
Participate with the client in the strategic design process to translate security and business requirements into technical designs;
Provide Cybersecurity Enterprise Architecture (CEA) support to implement controls to support compliance for the designated system categorizations;
Supervise cyber security engineers who are embedded in agile teams to apply systems cyber security engineering assurance baselined on DoD IA Support Environment guidance and security best practices as well as commercial security best practices;
Support the Vulnerability and Threat Management (VTM) continuous monitoring strategy, tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs), and processes for continuous monitoring and management of known and emerging vulnerabilities and threats
Create reporting and communication strategy to keep ISO and ISSM informed of the security state of the customer cloud environment(s)
Manage and execute the NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with the responsible AO’s cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) program implementation;
Integrate cyber security engineering expertise into agile development and test processes via technical and change control review, as described in the applicable project management, systems engineer, software development and configuration management plans, processes, and procedures;
Generate and deliver RMF related documentation and artifacts to update and maintain accreditations
Plan, monitor, and execute RMF and cyber security-related tasks and activities daily, coordinating with the agile engineering and project milestones to ensure proactive and early insertion of the cyber security requirements;
Coordinate support to enter, monitor, track, and update the status of operational baseline issues via the POA&M record through to resolution;
Monitor information systems for security incidents and vulnerabilities. This includes developing monitoring and visibility capabilities as well as reporting on incidents, vulnerabilities and trends.
Respond to information system security incidents, including the investigation of, countermeasures to, and recovery from computer-based attacks, unauthorized access, and policy breaches coordinating with the Army CSSP
Support investigation of computer and information security incidents to determine extent of compromise to information and automated information systems;
Team responsibilities encompass maintaining computer and information security incidents and damage and threat assessment programs;
Assist with computer forensic and intrusion support to high technology investigations in the form of computer evidence seizure, computer forensic analysis, data recovery, network assessments, researching and maintaining proficiency in tools, techniques, countermeasures, trends in computer network vulnerabilities, data hiding, and network security and encryption;
Design, develop, or provide recommendations for integrated system solutions, ensuring proprietary/confidential data and systems are protected;
Configure and validate secure systems, and test security products/systems to detect computer and information security weakness.
Support cloud certification activities, system hardening, vulnerability testing, and scanning.
Support compliance activities and audits to ensure data-at-rest / -in-transit is utilizing NSA-approved encryption and the enclave is compliant with the DoD SCCA.
Craft IT security architectural artifacts, provide architectural analysis of the security features and relate the existing system to future customer requirements.
Basic Qualifications
US Citizenship and a DoD Secret Clearance
Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cyber Security, or related field, or equivalent experience
Must have a minimum of eight (8) years of relevant and progressively responsible experience leading teams and managing NIST RMF and DoD cyber security policies in accordance with program cybersecurity assessment and authorization (A&A) implementation
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of experience in the past five years) managing a cyber-team in a DOD environment.
Minimum of five years of experience (at least three year of relevant experience in the past five years) using DOD enterprise cyber tools, such as, ACAS, HBSS, SIEM, Firewalls, and Network Access Control (NAC)
Familiarity with industry standards, guidelines, and regulatory compliance requirements related to information security and cloud computing such as NIST SP 800-53, and FedRamp
Familiarity with the DoD Secure Cloud Computing Architecture (SCCA)
Familiarity with Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide (SRG) Version 1 Release 3 (v1r3), or latest version
Familiarity with security standards and controls specified in DoDI 8500.01 (Cybersecurity) and 8510.01 (RMF)
Cloud computing experience (AWS and/or Azure)
Demonstrated experience with security vulnerability scanning tools & in performing Cybersecurity vulnerability scanning in AWS and/or Azure
Experience in generating and providing RMF required authorization related documentation and artifacts to the customer Information System Security Owner (ISSO) and Manager (ISSM)
Demonstrated experience writing technical responses to POA&M items
Demonstrated experience with security processes, DevSecOps implementation, Cyber Security, and Cloud infrastructure to develop and deploy enterprise level hosting platforms
Possesses an active CISSP (ISC2 Certified Information System Security Professional) or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM).
Must have a DoD 8570 IAT Level II (or Level III) Certification (e.g. Sec+ CE)
Preferred Qualifications
List additional skills and experience that is “nice to have” but not required.
It is desired that the lead has the following qualifications:
Experienced with various security tools and processes such as Splunk, Tenable Security, Fortify
Experience with operation of systems to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Azure cloud environment
A professional background in Systems Engineering / Cloud Architecture / Software Development
Experience with Agile Software Development
AWS/Azure Certifications
Experience with scripting languages (Python, Power Shell)
Motivated self-starter with strong written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to create complex technical reports on analytic findings
External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
External Referral Bonus $:
Potential for Telework:
Yes, 100%
Clearance Level Required:
Secret
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Cyber Management
Pay Range:"	469	Washington
Network Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Herndon, VA 20171	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Network Engineer to join our team in the Herndon, VA area.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Install, maintain, audit and support a secure MS Windows network environment and limited web/data application service
Maintain internet applications and protocols IP,TCP,HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, & SSL
Maintain file servers, Firewalls, network access, Security Monitoring Systems and system documentation as required
Interface with local customers and provide IT related support to quickly resolve problems
Analyze and troubleshoot system anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance
Perform periodic maintenance, hardware upgrades and replacement, firmware updates and system configuration changes
Perform scheduled tape backups on systems as required
Manage data backup library to include storage of tapes, disks and other magnetic media at the customer’s location and off-site storage facilities as required
Attend planning and requirements meetings with IT staff, Program Managers and customers as required
Prepare system for operational use and support operational tests
Provide technical guidance
Provide leadership, mentoring, and quality assurance for Team Members
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree and 5-7 Years of Experience
Knowledge of Cisco Networking and Switching
Working knowledge of the OSI model, TCP/IP, and subnetting
Working knowledge with Microsoft Visio
Working knowledge with Microsoft office
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Windows 10 & Windows Server
Hands on experience configuring various routing protocols.
Hands on experience with Juniper Firewalls (Juniper 300 Series)
Hands on Experience with Cisco Switches and Firewalls (Cisco 3800 & 9000 Series)
Demonstrates experience with tier II/III level troubleshooting.
CCNP Certified
Security Clearance Requirements:
Minimum Secret clearance required to start with the ability to obtain/maintain a Top Secret/SCI clearance.
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary Work.
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Federal Acquisition Consultant - HHS	Censeo Consulting Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Position Description:
We are seeking an Federal Acquisition Consultant to join our team supporting Health and Human Services (HHS). In the role you will provide innovative business strategies, agile procurement solutions, and work with the team to develop and implement the agency procurement policy/processes and provide consulting support to the Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree required
3+ years of experience providing strategic sourcing and procurement consulting support in the public sector
4+ years of experience supporting complex federal acquisitions for a program office; project management and/or Contracting Officer background a plus
Professional certification preferred (CPCM, CFCM, and/or DAWIA/FAC-C III)
Possess knowledge of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), agency-specific regulations, and be knowledgeable of acquisition streamlining initiatives and reforms
Strong understanding of various acquisition approaches and ability to formulate analyses and create comprehensive documentation
Demonstrated performance developing pricing and negotiation positions across fixed price, cost reimbursement, and time-and-materials contract types
Excellent verbal communication and writing skills
Ability to work independently and in a team on complex acquisitions
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite of tools, to include SharePoint
Responsibilities:
Provides acquisition lifecycle planning and execution support to a high-visibility program group within a major HHS component agency
Demonstrates knowledge of major acquisition lifecycle environments for strategy development and associated best practices
Applies knowledge of federal procurement principles, policies, procedures, and standards to implement programmatic requirements
Ensures on-time completion of task deliverables and activities such as developing SOWs/PWSs, IGCEs, market research, RFPs, project and operational plans, and process improvements
Delivers expert advisory support to government senior executives, program managers, CORs, and division managers regarding the acquisition lifecycle
Serves as a liaison between the program and acquisition offices on all matters of complex, high-dollar procurements
Performs on a team as an individual contributor with a proactive approach to project management
Position Particulars:
This is an exempt, full-time position
Location: Washington D.C.
About Censeo:
Censeo Consulting Group, a management consulting firm, is an advisor and partner to management teams who lead some of the largest and most complex organizations in the world. Our key areas of expertise include operations improvement, acquisition strategy, organization effectiveness, and IT strategy with a strong Federal footprint.

Censeo is rapidly growing and has been recognized for our unique approach, culture, and values:
2020 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2019 Ivy Exec #7 Overall Boutique Consulting Firm and #6 Top Consulting Firms for Culture
2018 Consulting Magazine Best Small Firms to Work For
2017 Vault #12 Best Boutique Consulting Firm
2016 Forbes Best Management Consulting Firms in America
2015 Washington Business Journal’s Philanthropy List
Censeo is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal opportunity to all applicants and employees in full compliance with all applicable state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, age, gender, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other class protected by applicable state or federal law.
hT4dks4N01"	469	Washington
Warehouse Associate III	Kelly	Elkridge, MD 21075	None	"The Warehouse Associate III position requires picking bulk materials for production, picking finish goods for delivery to our customer, stocking shelves, hazardous material shipping, general maintenance, and other warehouse-related duties.

What You Will Do
Responsible for the efficient flow of products from the point of product receipt, to the storage of product, to the shipment of the product (via prescribed service parameters)
Ensure DOT HAZMAT compliance on all Hazardous material shipping to customers
Supervise warehouse operations when Operations Manager and Assistant Team Leader are not available (Distribution Centers included)
Pick and pack Hazardous Material based on DOT HAZMAT requirements
Stock raw material goods from receiving
Pick raw material goods per production plan and deliver to designated areas within the warehouse
The stock finished good material from production to designated shelves
Process returns from internal and external customers
Process and complete orders according to customer requirements
Before product shipment, count all products, compare to the packing slip, and check all shipments for damage, infestation, and expiration dates
Report shortages, damages, and miss picks on appropriate forms and inform Warehouse Supervisors of the corrections needed
Check contents of all orders
Compare the quantity, quality, labeling, and address with the customer's order to ensure outgoing shipments are complete and correct
Maintain warehouse cleanliness and safety standards
Follow PCCA's Standard Operating Procedures
Assists with related special/miscellaneous projects, as required

Who You Are
High school diploma or general education degree (GED)
Three to five years¿ experience in a warehouse
Warehouse logistics and forklift experience required
Ability to travel a minimum of four times per year required
Valid Driver License
Ability to effectively communicate
Ability to be flexible and adapt quickly to change
Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and math skills
Must be detail-oriented and a self-starter
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment
Ability to work overtime with short notice
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Interment computer skills in Microsoft Word, Outlook, and the Internet
MFG-PRO/AIM-warehouse management systems and RF scanner experience

Certifications:
DOT HAZMAT certified (Air and Ground)

Physical Requirements:
This position requires daily standing, bending, reaching
Must be capable of lifting up to but not limited to 75lbs
Ascending or descending stairs, ramps, and the like, using feet and legs and/or hands and arms
Bending legs downward and forward by bending leg and spine.
Moving about on foot to accomplish the task, particularly for long distances.
Using upper extremities to press against something with steady force to thrust forward, downward, or outward.
Standing, particularly for sustained periods.
Using upper extremities to exert force to move objects in a sustained motion.
Raising objects from a lower to a higher position or moving objects horizontally from position to position.
Substantial movements (motion) of the wrist, hands, and/or fingers in a repetitive manner.
Exerting up to 50 pounds of force occasionally to lift, carry, pull, or otherwise move objects.

Candidates will need to be DOT HAZMAT certified (air and ground) and must pass the hazmat test within 60 days
The hours are M-F, 10am - 7pm
Please contact me at (302) 757-3340 or KELT064@kellyservices.com
Why Kelly®?
You’re looking to keep your career moving onward and upward, and we’re here to help you do just that. Our financial staffing experts will connect you with premier companies for opportunities where you can learn, grow, and thrive. Jobs that fit your skills and experience, and most importantly, fit right on your path of where you want to go in in your career. It all adds up.
About Kelly®
At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance.
]]"	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
Chief Engineer, Innovation, Architecture & Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as an engineering manager of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security, and software development
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director - Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Manage a team of engineers responsible for departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Participate in and lead departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
3. Participate in and lead the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

4. Work with multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

5. Assist with the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
6. Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
7. Maintain an awareness of IT industry trends.
8. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
9. Prepares proposals, cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
10. Fosters and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership informed of significant activities, needs and problems. May be called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
11. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
12. Strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s Degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience plus 2 years supervisory role is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Systems Engineer - TS/SCI	Jacobs	Fort Belvoir, VA 22060	None	"Critical Mission Solutions

Your mission is our mission.

We're invested in you and your success. Everything we do - whether Aerospace, Defense, Intelligence, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Nuclear, Automotive, or Telecommunications - is more than just a project. It's our challenge as human beings, too. That's why we bring a thoughtful and collaborative approach to every one of our partnerships.

It's our promise to challenge the status quo as we redefine how to solve the world's greatest challenges, and transform big ideas into intelligent solutions for a more connected, sustainable world.

Design your career with a company that inspires and empowers you to deliver your best work so you can evolve, grow and succeed –today and into tomorrow.


Your Impact:
Jacobs is seeking a Systems Engineer to support an upcoming contract at Fort Belvoir, VA.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Accountable for all aspects of engineering requirements and manages the hands-on, day-to-day issues related to engineering activities
Responsible for engineering operations including security, maintenance and accountability
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements related to Engineering
Ensures that processes and network/systems Engineering meet performance requirements
Point-of-Contact for Engineering related issues
Is authorized to act on all matters relating to the daily operation of the task order related to Engineering
Responsible for meeting all technical requirements
Here’s What You’ll Need:
Minimum Education: Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in technology related field required.
Minimum Experience: 10 years of project manageme nt experience, including 8 years of supervisory experience leading teams of at least 40 people.
Desired Skills: Project Management Professional Certification (PMP) or Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FACP/PM) - Senior Level.
Required Skills:
IAT III 8570 Baseline Certification – CISSP, CASP or equivalent Computing Environment: MCSE, Cloud Platform and Infrastructure [Server]
Communication skills to effectively interface with military officials, managers, and subordinates.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI
Essential Functions:
Physical Requirements:
Work is primarily sedentary. Some walking and standing may occur in the course of a normal workday in connection with travel to and from meeting and conferences. May carry light items, such as reports, data products, notebooks and laptops.
Criticality of Attendance:
Shall be physically present on site during normal duty hours.
Must be available for contact outside of normal duty hours.
Equipment and Machines:
Standard office equipment and machines: personal computer, scanner, copy machine, telephone, printer, fax machine, and other office equipment including desk supplies.
Other Essential Functions:
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Must pass drug testing.
Must be able to read and write effectively in English.
Must embrace Beyond Zero/Safety principles of Jacobs to include; adhering to safe work practices and standards while performing daily tasks, taking responsibility for own and coworkers’ safekeeping and encouraging others to work safely.
Must maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner to get along with customers, clients, co-workers and management.
Must perform work activities requiring interaction, negotiating, instructing, supervising, persuading or speaking with others.
Must be flexible to support the customer.
Must be a resident in the local area of the main supported unit.
Have the ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to gain cooperation from others through tact, courtesy, and diplomacy.
#cjpost
#I2TS4
Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race"", color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability,"" veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Learn more about your rights under Federal EEO laws and supplemental language.
""
At Jacobs, we’re challenging today to reinvent tomorrow by solving the world’s most critical problems for thriving cities, resilient environments, mission-critical outcomes, operational advancement, scientific discovery and cutting-edge manufacturing, turning abstract ideas into realities that transform the world for good. With $13 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 55,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of professional services including consulting, technical, scientific and project delivery for the government and private sector."	469	Washington
Computer Engineer, with Polygraph	General Dynamics Information Technology	McLean, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.
GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day.
We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge that we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on a Computer Engineer joining our team to support Government activities at McLean, VA.
At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Computer Engineer supporting the customer, you will be trusted to demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance and security. In this role, a typical day will include:
Troubleshoot system software for errors and resolve or mitigate identified risks.
Develop scripts to automate software deployments and system administration tasks.
Develop and review system architecture designs, flow diagrams, SSPs, test plans, CONOPS, and user guides.
Review policies to ensure systems are in compliance with industry best practices and government standards.
Perform data migrations between systems.
Identify roadblocks in an agile Software or System Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience.
Minimum of 10 years related experience.
Technical Skills: Experience with Windows System Administration to include, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later; Windows 10
Experience with Hyper-V, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WSUS, Group policy, Windows Deployment Server
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server or later
Scripting: Powershell, Bash, YAML, XML, BitLocker
Experience with network administration: Firewall, routers, or switches
Experience with backup and antivirus deployments: McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator or equivalent. Also, System Center Data Protection Manager or equivalent.
Experience with auditing and conducting vulnerability scans on systems.
Security Clearance Level: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with DevOps tools such as Confluence,Docker, Kubernetes, Jira, Jenkins, Selenium, Git, SonarQube, Elasticsearch, Anisible, Chef, Cloudformation, Puppet
Cloud experience, preferably in AWS. Other: Azure or Google
Experience with Linux system administration. Operating Systems: RedHat or CentOS
CERTIFICATIONS:
Achieved one or more of the following IT certifications:
Cloud certifications: AWS, Azure, Google, Cloud+
PS certifications: RedHat, Microsoft
IAT Level II or III certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+, Security+CE, CND, SSCP, CASP+CE, CCNP Security, CISA
IAM Level 1 or II certifications: CAP, CND, Cloud+, Security+CE, CISSP, CISM, CCISO
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU
Alignment to a mission-critical role that directly impacts the customer’s ability to effectively execute its mission.
Direct engagement with contractor leadership that centers upon career development/mobility, enhanced performance evaluation, and corporate information sharing & networking opportunities.
Placement on a dynamic team of talented professionals that organically fosters an environment of innovation, collaboration, and trust.
Guides the successful completion of major engineering programs and may function in a project leadership role.

Develops advanced solutions to highly complex engineering problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity.

Performs advanced systems design, development, and integration from the start of a systems life cycle to the end.

Provides and applies advanced engineering to highly complex infrastructures including installing, configuring, testing and maintaining operating systems, application software, and system management tools.

Provides and applies advanced engineering skills to highly complex systems modeling, simulation, and analysis.

Performs continual maintenance and provides advanced solutions for continual and highly complex security, backup and redundancy problems.

Prepares and maintains all documentation for processes and procedures related to engineering projects.

Provides guidance to less-experienced Systems Engineers.

Maintains current knowledge of rapidly changing technology, always on the lookout for new technologies, and works with management to evolve current processes.

May coach and review the work of less-experienced professionals.

May serve as a team or task leader. (Not a people manager)

Performs complex systems development and design work that may include logic design, I/O design, model formulation, computer architecture analysis and design, and digital systems engineering.

Invents innovative ways to drive production operational efficiency.

Drives scalability and operability of supported systems/infrastructure.

Implements, manages and enhances Continuous Integration and Delivery (CI/CD) pipeline tools.

Creates, maintains, and reviews Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Desired State Configuration (DSC) and/or Puppet configuration management tools to support the provisioning infrastructure.

Provides system/equipment/specialized training and technical guidance.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 10+ years of experience
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	469	Washington
Front-end UX/UI Software Developer	VSolvit LLC	Merrifield, VA 22082	None	"VSolvit LLC is seeking a UI/UX developer with broad skills in working to develop functional interfaces and representation of data flowing from our software development and BI team to the customer base. This program supports out DEA customer and requires the ability to champion and develop a functional and logical user experience for this high-profile information that is being
self-generated by customer or provided by internal teams. requires knowledge of React, HTML, JavaScript, Lineto and FLASH. May perform user research, usability testing, or facilitate focus groups. May require familiarity with various graphic design software packages. Typically requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty. Typically reports to a supervisor or manager. The UI/Usability Designer III work is generally independent and collaborative in nature. Contributes to moderately complex aspects of a project. To be an UI/Usability Designer III typically requires 4 -7 years of related experience.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
Associates Degree and 8+ years or Bachelor’s degree and 4+ years
4+ years’ of professional experience in frontend or full stack development
4+ years development with frontend technology stacks and tools
2+ years’ React
5+ years’ database experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: (but not required)
Bachelor’s degree in a STEM or Design field
4+ years React, VUE and C# experience
8+ years’ frontend
10+ years’ of professional experience in data science and analysis
10+ years’ Python, “R” or other scripting languages
5+ years’ database experience
Experience or knowledge of ELK may be helpful
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with data modeling programming and software development, including Python, R, or other high-level language used in statistical computing
Proficiency in using data query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig, Pandas, MongoDB
Proficiency in big data modeling work: Hadoop, Pig, Scala, Spark
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Substantial experience with statistics and the scientific method, and the ability to perform self-directed hypothesis-driven research
Ability to present to, communicate with, and collaborate well with non-technical people
Great communication skills
Dedication to continued learning, be team dedicated, self-driven, quality minded and customer-friendly

ADDITIONAL:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance REQUIRED
Must be able to pass a DEA “Seatability” review

Company Summary:
Join the VSolvit Team! Founded in 2006, VSolvit (pronounced 'We Solve It') provides geospatial and information technology consulting services and solutions to government and private section clients. VSolvit is an award winning 8(m)/EDWOSB and SBA-certified 8(a)/SDB company. We offer Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, as well as 401K Retirement Plan options, Tuition Reimbursement, and other benefits. Our goal is to grow together and enjoy the work that we do as a team.

VSolvit LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status."	469	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria	Alexandria, VA 22301 (Potomac West area)	None	"JOB
Purchasing Agent The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead. An OverviewAlexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists. The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division. What You Should BringThe ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City. The Opportunity – Examples of WorkDirects work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;Performs other duties, as assigned. About The DepartmentThe City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows: The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; andThe Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis. Minimum and Additional RequirementsAt least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities. Preferred QualificationsMaster’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment. To ApplyFor consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials. NotesThis position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	469	Washington
Senior Systems Engineer	ACS	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Location: Springfield, VA
Clearance Required: Must be a U.S. Citizen and possess a current and active TS/SCI clearance granted by the Department of Defense or an Intelligence Community agency. Must be able to pass a Counterintelligence (CI) Polygraph.
Background:
Assured Consulting Solutions provides strategic and innovative solutions for customer needs across the business, technology, and organizational spectrum. As a member of our team, you will have the chance to work with customers that are both Government and industry leaders and technology innovators.
We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Senior Systems Engineer to join our team. This Senior Systems Engineers execute engineering tasks, taking a multi-discipline approach to full lifecycle engineering including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the NSG, ASG and Federal Agencies to ensure timely and accurate GEOINT. They provide a substantial portion, if not all of, the engineering support to the teams to which they are assigned.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Work closely with current/legacy product managers and SMEs to fully understand and document modernization needs.
Review publications data and structure against conceptual data models and future database plans, and perform data cleanup activities in accordance with established guidelines and direction.
Review and update publications text including structured and unstructured text
Utilizing Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Review and update FrameMaker files, including supporting documentation
Convert documents between FrameMaker versions
Upgrade documents to the latest FrameMaker version
Create final products in PDF format, ensuring quality control and adding value to the user experience
Designing Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
SGML and XML programming and coding.
Publish architectural and engineering drawings depicting modernization plans
Document CONOPS, SOPs and appropriate design solutions and ensure the compatibility of system components.
Perform the full lifecycle of engineering support including but not limited to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability analysis, resiliency analysis, development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability analysis, and decommissioning.
Provide engineering support for requirements across the NSG and ASG.
Lead the planning, documenting, analysis, and traceability of user requirements and architectures.
Conduct Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), Trade Studies, and Engineering Assessments.
Assist the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management, and interface design.
Support RFP development and generate engineering documentation for RFPs.
Provide proposal evaluation support as requested by the government.
Provide architectural support.
Identify industry and NGA standards and create IPF unique standards for open architecture, service centric architecture, service oriented architecture, and cloud architecture for inclusion in IPF RFPs, existing contracts, and government development efforts.
Brief assigned activities as required.
Work cross project with other IPF projects to facilitate transition from concept to development to sustainment to decommissioning.
Work across NGA, NSG, and ASG partners to include but not limited to NGA/IPF, NGA/SF, NGA/R, NGA/TD, NGA/TA, DoD, FAA, and foreign partners, to provide engineering support to advance the Foundation GEOINT mission.
Support IPF leadership priorities and guidance
Required Qualifications:
Senior-level demonstrated experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or system engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture/Cloud environments.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with systems engineering lifecycle.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Adobe FrameMaker, XML programming, SGML programming, and Maritime Publications.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Geographic Information Systems
Desired Qualifications:
Master's degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as, engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences or in project management or engineering management.
Certified as an INCOSE System Engineering Professional (CSEP) or DAWIA (level III) in IT or SPRDE or certified Scaled Agile Framework Agilist (SA) or Software Development Framework.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with Foundation GEOINT data domains and mission areas.
Senior-level demonstrated experience with NGA Process and tools, to include System Engineering, Acquisition, Configuration Management, Readiness and Security.
Senior-level demonstrated Experience with software coding
Thorough familiarity with Adobe FrameMaker, including supporting documentation such as Element Definition Documents (EDDs) and Definition Type Documents (DTDs), conditional text, customizable elements, and tags
Advanced word-processing and editing skills including ability to follow established formatting guidance for unstructured and structured text, tables, lists, and other text elements
Advanced familiarity with Adobe PDF format, elements, options, bookmarks, structure, and final product
Basic familiarity with User Experience with digital publications
Basic data entry skills including accuracy
Experience following established guidelines and direction
Quality control experience
Experience performing data cleanup activities
Basic Geographic Information Systems (GIS) skills
Basic SGML programming and basic coding skills
Basic XML programming and basic coding skills
Basic familiarity with data models and conceptual database schema
Education Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Engineering or in a related hard science STEM field such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, or Geodetic Sciences. A degree in Systems Engineering, Project Management, or similar non-technical field does not satisfy this requirement.
Years of Experience:
12-18 years w/ Bachelor's Degree
Each year of degree work past Bachelor's degree can be used for ½ year of work experience
Position Type: Full-Time
Shift: Day
Assured Consulting Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact ACS Human Resources at (703) 662-5062"	469	Washington
Lead Engineer Innovation, Architecture, and Design	University of Maryland Medical System	Columbia, MD 21045	None	"What You Will Do:
 I. General Summary
The incumbent will serve as a member of the UMMS IS&T Innovation, Architecture, and Design (I,A&D) team. Under general direction, this position will be responsible for strategic planning, design, and implementation of core technologies solutions. The incumbent is accountable for budgeting, design, and evaluation of a diverse spectrum of technology, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Windows systems, wired/wireless networking, Information Security,
II. Principal Responsibilities and Tasks
The following statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. These are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed by personnel so classified.
A. Accountability
1. The position reports to the Director, Innovation, Architecture, & Design
2. The position is responsible for delivering a high degree of customer satisfaction.
3. This position is a Medical System role within Corporate IT
B. Primary Duties and Responsibilities
1. Responsible for managing the departmental functions and activities including development, enhancement, implementation, and ongoing management of the UMMS I,A,&D Program.
2. Responsible for the development, implementation, administration and modifications to process to maintain the efficient and effective functioning of assigned responsibilities.

3. Leads multi-disciplinary teams consisting of end users, technology staff, and 3rd party resources to create new technology solutions for UMMS.

4. Manages the discovery, evaluation, and prioritization of emerging technology projects and pilots that align with UMMS organizational goals.
5. Responsible for the creation and ongoing maintenance of the UMMS strategic technology roadmap.
6. Proactively maintains an awareness of IT industry trends.
7. Responsible for ensuring that proposed solutions adhere to UMMS architecture standards and can be supported by IT operations and support teams.
8. Generates proposals, prepares cost/benefit analyses, and feasibility studies. Provides liaison support between the different technology teams, end users, vendors and internal support group as needed.
9. Creates and maintains adequate internal and external communications. Keeps Leadership abreast of significant activities, needs and problems. Must be ready, if called upon to perform responsibilities of Leadership during periods of absence.
10. In coordination with departmental management, ensures systems meet regulatory agency and security requirements. Cooperates and coordinates extensively with security team.
11.Must have strong technical background, including, but not limited to: UNIX/Linux systems administration, network engineering, Information Security, Cloud computing, virtualization, etc.
What You Need to Be Successful:
III. Education and Experience
1. Bachelor’s degree is required.

2. 7 years of relevant systems administration or networking experience is required.
IV. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
1. Highly effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills to communicate effectively with all levels hospital staff, patients, visitors, and levels of staff.
2. Demonstrate proficiency in the management of services within numerous IT infrastructure programs.
3. Experience and knowledge in working in a diverse and stimulating academic clinical environment.

4. Accomplished leader, manager, and motivator.

5. Ability to control, lead, and manage projects.

6. Excellent organizational and communication skills.

7. Excellent team player.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	469	Washington
Sr. Applications Programmer	Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, Ltd.	Maryland City, MD	None	Position Summary: Odyssey Systems has an exciting new opportunity for a Sr. Applications Programmer to support the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program’s (CDMRP) Electronic Grants System (EGS).Responsibilities: Duties include, but not limited to:Develop computer application software code for integration into an existing electronic grants management system.Modify existing application code, configurations, and database to accommodate enhancementsMake database changes to accommodate new system functions and featuresAnalyze functional business applications and design specifications for functional areas such as finance, accounting, personnel, manpower, logistics, and contractsEnhance software to reduce operating time and/or improve efficiencyCorrect system errors, defects, and issues associated with the EGS application and/or databaseDevelop block diagrams and logic flow chartsTranslate detailed design into computer softwareTest, debug, and refine the computer software to produce the required productDevelop system design, process flows, and necessary technical architectural documentsPrepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentationProvide technical direction to programmers to ensure program deadlines are metEnsure proper federal government IT security regulations, procedures, and protocols are followedReport any security concerns to the Project ManagerCommunicate and coordinate with hosting facility System Administrators as well as with federal IT staff to meet new user operating environment requirementsQualifications:Minimum Qualifications:Software Developer III: BA/BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 5 years’ experience or MS/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Related Field with 3 years’ experienceCompTIA A+, Network+, or Security+ certificationManagement/TrainingExperience and ability to mentor junior software developers on design patterns and development best practices to ensure quality output to meet program milestones and deliverablesEffective verbal and written communication skills.Technical Skills:Knowledge of a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures in coding software applications and in developing professional-level software application code.Must be proficient in IntelliJ, Ultra Edit, Mozilla Firefox, Oracle SQL Developer, and Microsoft Visio, VMWare ESX, RedHat Linux OS, Java-JDK + Oracle RDBMS.Experience in CI/CD pipeline using SVN, JenkinsExperience as an Agile Software Development Team member (i.e., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, etc.)Experience as an applications programmer on large-scale database management systems.Knowledge of and experience applying automated testing.Knowledge and experience in quality management processes and in the software test/release process.Experience working as an IT Systems Operations and Maintenance team member providing Tier 2 and 3 support.Experience using Customer Relationship Management Systems or Help Desk Ticketing Systems (i.e., Jira (preferred), SalesForce, ServiceNow, etc.)Must be onsite at customer location (Fort Detrick) during business hours and must work effectively in a team environmentExperience working in a regulated environmentExcellent problem solving and analytical, and technical skills.Ability to think critically and act expeditiously to evaluate situations, make decisions, and solve problems.Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to work well with a variety of personalities.Ability to work effectively in a dynamic environment with changes in priorities and aggressive deadlines.Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePointStrong analytical skillsHighly organized, efficient, and extremely detail-orientedAbility to prioritize among multiple tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environmentAbility to work independently and know when to seek assistancePreferred Qualifications:Desired knowledge and experience with grants management processesAbility to create process maps utilizing Visio or other similar softwareAdditional Information:Place of Performance: Frederick, MDUS Citizenship requiredNational Agency Clearance and Inquiries (NACI)Travel may be required#LI-POSTCompany Overview: Odyssey Systems Consulting Group, is an innovative small business committed to providing world-class technical, management, and training support services to government and public sector clients. We focus on people, processes, and performance to deliver superior results. Since our inception in 1997, our commitment to mission success and customer satisfaction has been recognized with exponential growth and exceptional past performance ratings. We accept challenging assignments and drive projects from the planning stages, through implementation, and into operations and support._Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities_Job Type: Full-time	469	Washington
Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer	ManTech International Corporation	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Senior VMware Horizon View Engineer to join our team in the Chantilly, VA location.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Engineering, documenting, delivering and maintaining VMware Horizon View servers in accordance with customer specifications and security guidelines
Diagnosing and resolving the toughest performance, security, and/or technical challenges related to Horizon View
Writing SOP (Standard Operating Procedures) to accomplish repetitive tasks
Participating in processes throughout all phases of ITIL Service Lifecycle, including submitting Change Requests
Performing requirements analysis, requirements gathering, and integration for Horizon View.
Providing direction and guidance to less experienced systems engineers
Creating Automation scripts
Investigating and resolving operational problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel
Providing IT Systems Engineering support on a wide range of technologies, including: VMware vCenter, Horizon View, Site Recovery Manager, HPAC Secure Printing, HP Blade Servers, HP SANs, Certificate Services, DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Group Policies and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems.
Working on project teams responsible for engineering and packaging releases to integrate within the customer's production IT environment.
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (in Computer Science or related field) with 5-7 years’ experience in the Information Technology field or equivalent combination of education and work experience
CISSP, Security+ CE or DoD 8570 Certification required (IAT Level II required / IAT Level III desired)
Experience with VMware Horizon View
VMware certification
Willingness to work after normal duty hours (nights and weekends) as needed.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft Office
One of the following certifications is desired: MCSE - Microsoft Certified System Engineer, MCSE - Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert, MCSA - Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate, MCITP - Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional, VMware VCP - VMware Certified Professional
Experience with deploying workstations and Thin/Zero clients
Experience using a Service Desk ticketing system, such as Remedy or ServiceNow
ITIL 4 Foundations certification
Previous customer service experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
US Citizenship required and active TS clearance adjudicated within the last 6 years
Candidate must be open to CI poly
Physical Requirements:
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office equipment, etc
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	469	Washington
