job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Desktop Support Specialist (Senior Level)	Sanametrix	Washington, DC	$18 - $30 an hour	Sanametrix is currently identifying qualified candidates for a Desktop Support Technician position located in Washington, D.C. Duties and Responsibilities:Configures, installs, and supports desktop and laptop computers, handheld devices, printers, monitors, portable data storage devices, and other general peripherals.Provides enhanced desktop and user support service to VIP customers.Relocates IT equipment including desktop computers, printers, monitors, portable data storage devices, and other general peripherals.Configures IT devices for secure operation, including installation of security software,software updates, and other configurations as required.Connects and configures IT devices to use computer networks.Diagnose hardware and software failures, communicates the remediation plans to users, and provide status updates.Provides software support for users, including basic to advanced software operations and assistance with general use of software, computers, and peripherals.Supports laptop and desktop maintenance, including inventory and software distribution.Support security maintenance, including anti-virus software updates and patch management.Provides virtual assistance sessions using privileged access management software.Develops end-user documentation and instructions.Contributes knowledge and updates to Desktop Support SOPs and Training materials as needed.Support disaster recovery and adapt to documented recovery situations.Ability to work well under pressure and to meet deadlines as needed.Uses an IT ticket system, is responsible for receiving and tracking the trouble tickets, assigns them to a technical specialist (could be themselves or someone else) for action and ensures that their tickets are resolved.Tracks and updates the movement of all IT assets (laptops, desktops, printers, etc.) within the stipulated database and within time constraints.Stays in regular communication throughout the day with other tiers of support and Management staff.Maintains a professional attitude and appearance while providing excellent customer service.Maintaining a good work ethic and assist other technicians when needed.Participates in issue troubleshooting with the objective of root cause identification.Must be able to obtain a Public Trust security clearance.Must have at 5-7 years of experience servicing customers in a Desktop SupportOne or more of the following industry certifications is highly desired.Help Desk Institute (HDI)CompTIA A+CompTIA Network+CompTIA Security++MCSA: Windows 10MCSE: Desktop InfrastructureMCDST: Microsoft Certified Desktop Support TechnicianITIL Foundation (within 3 months of hire).The customer requires successful candidates to agree to obtain ITIL Foundation level certification within their first 3 months of employment.Due to Covid-19 candidates will be temporarily allowed to work from but will be required to come into the office 1-2 days a week. Best practices will be implemented for the safety of all Sanametrix employees.Job Type: Full-timePay: $18.00 - $30.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failBenefit Conditions:Only full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place	657	Washington
Senior Technical Support Specialist Tier II WFH in Washington	Zest City	Washington, DC	$38,000 - $83,000 a year	"Fast pace business supporting blue chip clients
$38-83000 USD subject to experience
Working for the market leader

Responsible for providing assistance to customers in an enterprise and multi-site infrastructure needing to resolve problems with their computer systems by answering service requests. Provides more complex troubleshooting and assistance for customer systems, scheduling escalations as needed. Perform daily equipment checks to ensure equipment is functioning properly. Provides support for department using basic acquired job skills and knowledge of the company.


Major Accountabilities:


Network Operations Center Functions - Provide Tier II support to clients related to issues with assigned business unit products and services (e.g., VOC, data, etc.) while ensuring adherence to established corporate and departmental policies and procedures
Respond to escalated tickets from Tier I support staff to issues that impact clients business operations
Perform more advanced troubleshooting of routers and systems making adjustments within scope of responsibility
Test modifications to systems to ensure operation before implementing for client's use
Contact common carrier and work with them to resolve issues determined to be in their area of responsibility, acting as a liaison between them and the client
Update information on trouble tickets as necessary, and close out trouble tickets when clients' issues have been resolved
Work aging tickets to resolution, engaging appropriate higher level support teams as needed
Provide constant communication to clients on any/all outstanding issues
Provide backup support to Tier I, answering incoming client calls involving questions or issues (e.g., moves, adds, changes, service affecting issues, etc) with services being provided
Document all trouble tickets with clear, concise explanations in a timely and accurate manner ensuring adherence to department policies and procedures May resolve Tier I problems (e.g., modify call flow, password reset, web feature modification, add/delete users, etc.) as needed
Using various tools (e.g., Tivoli, etc), monitor circuits and network functions and activities for issues
Research Assistance - Assist in resolving routine issues by identifying issue(s) and researching in a timely manner
Document all issues thoroughly maintaining department files
Continuously evaluate the status of all work efforts, ensuring all tasks are prioritized to assist in providing timely and quality services
Assist in monitoring issue trends, escalating such trends to supervisor to determine appropriate actions necessary to eliminate future occurrences and improve service levels
Team Interface/Customer Service - Establish and maintain a professional relationship with internal/external customers, team members and department contacts
Cooperate with team members to meet goals or complete tasks
Provide quality customer service that exceeds customer expectations and improves level of service being provided
Treat all internal/external customers, team members and department contacts with dignity/respect
Escalate to supervisor any situation outside the employee's control that could adversely impact the services being provided

Qualifications:


Education
High school diploma or GED required
College courses from an accredited college or university in computer science, MIS or a related field preferred
Experience
Minimum 2 years experience in a network operations or technical support environment required
Advanced work in pursuit of a Bachelors degree (e.g., junior and senior year, etc.) in computer science, MIS, or a related field can be substituted for one year of technical support or network operations experience
Technical Knowledge
Basic troubleshooting methodology knowledge preferred
Cisco Certified Network Associate (e.g., Voice, Wireless, Security, Service Provider Operations) or higher designation preferred
Minimum 1 year experience with Cisco networking systems required
Minimum 1 year experience with troubleshooting or configuring voice services required
Minimum 1 year experience with call flow configuration required
Other
Basic knowledge of Word and Excel required
Based on departmental need, may be required to work weekend or evening shifts"	657	Washington
Cyber Security Specialist 2	M.C. Dean, Inc.	Washington, DC 20018 (Langdon area)	None	"M.C. Dean is Building Intelligence™. We design, build, operate, and maintain cyber-physical solutions for the nation’s most recognizable mission-critical facilities, secure environments, complex infrastructure, and global enterprises.
Our success relies on great people delivering innovative projects and solutions for Fortune 100 companies and the most recognized agencies in government, defense, and security.
Join our more than 4,500 employees worldwide who engineer and deploy automated, secure, and resilient power and technology systems; and deliver the management platforms essential for long-term system sustainability. Together we are creating the integrated systems and technologies that shape the built and cyber-physical world.
We offer an excellent benefits package including:
A competitive salary
Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance
Paid-time off
Tuition reimbursement
401k Retirement Plan
Military Reserve pay offset
Paid maternity leave

Position Summary
The Cyber Security Specialist is responsible for coordinating and implementing the technical controls and configuration settings that have been selected for complete systems. They mentor Junior Specialists, verify control implementation and provide RMF artifacts to Cyber Security Specialists.
Responsibilities:
Participate in development and review of System Security Documentation, including System Security Plans (SSP), CS policies, Personnel Security, Disaster Recovery, Incident Responses, Authentication Management plan.
Participate in systems analysis, systems development, and information technology program management.
Participate in the preparation of project briefings and reports.
Review and analyze existing systems, identify and understand technical requirements as part of strategic development, implementation, and support for CS practices.
Develop detailed and thorough site survey report documentation.
Help create Cyber Security documentation for the lifecycle of Information Technology / Operational Technology Systems.
Contribute to research and analysis and translate security policy and requirements to define best methods and practices.
Provide technical guidance on implementation of security mechanisms and controls.
Assist in device configuration of Windows Operating Systems, Applications, and Cisco IOS devices to comply with DISA STIG (and other) guidance
Complete and Verify device configuration of Operating Systems, Applications, and Network devices to comply with DISA STIG (and other) guidance
Spend time each week staying current on industry trends and available CS doctrine as workload allows.
Identify industry accepted technical security standards and the policies that drive compliance requirements
Support senior team members in developing, maintaining, and improving secure systems
Apply system Operating System patches, Service Packs, Hotfixes, and software/ firmware updates
Establish and support automated system software update methodologies and technologies
Apply DISA Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) settings
Perform system vulnerability scans including Nessus / ACAS, and SCAP Compliance Checker (SCC)

Requirements:
Certifications:
CCNA-Security, GICSP, GSEC, Security+ CE or SSCP
Education:
0-2 Years of Experience with a Master's Degree in Information Technology, Risk Management, Cybersecurity
2-4 Years of Experience with a Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Risk Management, Cybersecurity
6-8 Years of Experience with an Associate's Degree in Information Technology, Risk Management, Cybersecurity
8-10 Years of Experience with a High School Diploma
Abilities:
Exposure to computer screens for an extended period of time.
Sitting for extended periods of time.
Reach by extending hands or arms in any direction.
Have finger dexterity in order to manipulate objects with fingers rather than whole hands or arms, for example, using a keyboard.
Listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.
Communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.
Read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.
Apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
Identify and understand the speech of another person.

EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
VEVRAA Contractor"	657	Washington
IT SPECIALIST (ENTARCH)	US Citizenship and Immigration Services	Camp Springs, MD	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Management Directorate, Office of the Chief Information Officer, Enterprise Infrastructure Division.

As an Information Technology Specialist (ENTARCH) you will provide planning, develop and implement scalable, reliable and resilient DevOps solutions to support the enterprise; Analyze and support clustering and workload balancing in cloud computing environments, and provide support for enterprise contact center environments.

Responsibilities
Responsible for the research, design, and integration of IT programs, solutions, and services in enterprise information technology DevOps.
Manages technical requirements specific to redesign of the existing architecture, configuring and implementing scalable enterprise infrastructure and communicating requirements to senior management officials, both technical and non-technical.
Lead in troubleshooting activities for cloud, infrastructure, and hosting services in support of application and/or environment issues in production and non-production environments until resolved or services are restored.
Utilizes IT performance metrics to ensure IT platform functions meet the needs of USCIS personnel and are IT security compliant.
Identifies the need for IT systems changes based on new security technologies or threats.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
Officers, Chief Technology
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. National to apply for this position
Successfully pass a Background Investigation including financial disclosure
You must pass a drug screening
You must submit resume and supporting documentation
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service
Political appointees may require OPM approval before on-boarding
The qualifications for this position must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

Current Federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the lower grade or equivalent grade band in the Federal service. The Time-in-Grade requirement must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

This position is not in the bargaining unit.

This position is not considered ""essential"" for purposes of reporting to work when the facility might otherwise be closed.

Residency Requirement: There is a residency requirement for all applicants not currently employed by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. This residency requirement states that candidates must have, for three of the last five years immediately prior to applying for this position; (1) resided in the United States; OR (2) worked for the United States Government as an employee overseas in a Federal or Military capacity, OR (3) been a dependent of a U.S. Federal or Military employee serving overseas.

Background Investigation: To ensure the accomplishment of our mission, DHS requires every employee to be reliable and trustworthy. To meet those standards, all selected applicants must undergo and successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a review of financial issues such as delinquency in the payment of debts, child support and/or tax obligations, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs. The background investigation process is initiated after a selection is made. For more information visit the OPM Mythbuster Page.

If a SECRET or TOP SECRET clearance is needed or the position is designated a Sensitive National Security position, all selected candidates must meet the requirements for these clearances or Sensitive National Security position prior to placement AND maintain that level of clearance or national security eligibility while encumbering the position.

Probationary Period: You may be required to serve a probationary period of 1 year.
Qualifications
Basic Requirements: All applicants must meet the following basic requirements. For all positions individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below.

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

GS-14: You qualify at the GS-14 level if you possess one (1) year of specialized experience, which is equivalent to at least the GS-13 level in the federal government, that equipped you with the skills needed to successfully perform the duties of the position. You must have experience performing the following duties:

Providing technical support for enterprise infrastructure components (network, database, middleware, security and open source code) technology transitions and migrations to cloud services e.g. Platform as a Service, Infrastructure as a Service, etc;
Evaluating and implementing automation of server and application builds and monitoring for multiple environments (Development, Test, Training, Production, and Disaster Recovery);
Performing as team lead of a DevOps organization or environment.

The assessments for this job will measure:

Enterprise Infrastructure
Work Planning and Organization
Analytical Skills
Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Interpersonal Skills
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Self-Management
Teamwork
Technology Application
Writing

Please read the following important information to ensure you submit everything we need to consider your application: It is your responsibility to ensure that you submit your responses and appropriate documentation prior to the closing date. Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must highlight your most relevant and significant experience and education (if applicable), as it relates to this job opportunity announcement. USCIS will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your initial eligibility/qualifications for a position. As such, please be sure to include content to support your eligibility/qualifications for this position within the first 5 pages. Please note that your full resume will be made available to the hiring manager if you are referred. Be clear and specific when describing your work history since Human Resources cannot make assumptions regarding your experience. Your application will be rated and ranked based on your responses to the online questions.

Please ensure EACH work history includes ALL of the following information:

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
Employer's name and address
Supervisor name and phone number
Start and end dates including month, day and year (e.g. June 18 2007 to April 05 2008)
Start and end dates for each grade/pay level if you've held a federal position.
Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
Salary

Determining length of General or Specialized Experience is dependent on the above information and failure to provide the above information may result in a finding of ineligible.

Note: Overstating your qualifications and/or experience in your application materials or application questionnaire may result in your removal from consideration.

Federal Experience: If you are using current or prior federal experience as a basis for qualifying for this position, the grade levels and length of employment (mm/dd/year) at each grade level must be listed in your work history. This information will be further validated if selected for this position.

The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office

National Service Experience (i.e., volunteer experience): Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build criteria competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer service. Please provide the dates and amount of time/hours worked earning this experience.
Education
EDUCATIONAL SUBSTITUTION: There is no educational substitution at this grade level.
Additional information
Special Employment Consideration: The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps, VISTA volunteers, and persons with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links above or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement.

Any offers of employment made pursuant to this announcement will be consistent with all applicable authorities, including Presidential Memoranda, Executive Orders, interpretive U.S. Office of Personnel Management guidance and U.S. Office of Management and Budget plans and policies concerning hiring. These authorities are subject to change.

Additional Information:

USCIS uses E-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities.

If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment.

It is our responsibility to eliminate any risks to national security, public health, and public safety that could be posed by individuals who use illegal drugs. This position may be subject to random testing as a condition of employment. A positive drug test or refusal to be tested will result in disciplinary action, up to and including removal from Federal service.

Note: If you previously retired from the Federal service and are receiving an annuity, your salary may be offset by the amount of your annuity.

Applying to this announcement certifies that you give permission for DHS to share your application with others in DHS for similar positions.

Common definitions for hiring terms found in this announcement.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this position based upon information reflected in your resume. Your resume must support your responses to the job specific assessment questionnaire, level of education claimed, experience, and/or training. To remain in consideration for this position, please ensure your resume covers this requirement and that your resume has been successfully submitted as part of your on-line application package.

Creation of this package includes completing the on-line assessment questionnaire, uploading your resume, and uploading any required supporting documents.

NOTE: Your resume and supporting documentation will be verified. If you rated yourself higher than what is supported by your application material, you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

If you are found best qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview.

Veterans: Certain veterans are eligible to apply as a status candidate under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA). View Feds Hire vets for more information.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) Eligible: If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not CTAP/ICTAP eligible. View information about CTAP or ICTAP eligibility on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered well qualified under CTAP/ ICTAP, you must be placed in the Well-Qualified category for this position, as described above. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this job announcement.

Note: Applicants who are referred to the hiring office for selection consideration may be required to complete a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of the interview/selection process. If the hiring office decides to request a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of its selection process, a designated contractor or Agency representative will contact you to: (1) inform you of this requirement; and (2) provide further instructions.

Conditions of Employment Reminder: If you fail to meet the conditions of employment or any other pre-employment requirements, such as missing any of the scheduled appointments, the hiring agency may rescind their tentative offer of employment.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume: You must submit a resume that clearly demonstrates you have experience that meets the requirements of this position as outlined in the “Qualifications” section. USCIS’ Human Resources Office will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your eligibility/qualifications.

In order to ensure that you include all necessary information within the first 5 pages of your resume, you are highly encouraged to save and submit your resume as a PDF instead of submitting it through Resume Builder or a word-processing program such as Word or Google Docs.

Your responses to the job questionnaire. (submitted through the on-line application process in USA Jobs. Responses DO NOT need to be attached as an additional document to your application)

Are you a veteran? You must provide acceptable documentation of your preference or appointment eligibility. The member 4 copy of your DD214, ""Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty,"" is preferable. If claiming 10 point preference, you will need to submit a Standard Form (SF-15), ""Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference."" If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions. View more veterans’ information.

Are you a current or former Federal employee? Submit a copy of your official SF-50 (no text version) or other official ""Notification of Personnel Action"" document that shows the following information:

your appointment in the competitive service
tenure
grade and step
full performance level

If your SF-50(s) does not provide the information needed to make a final determination for qualification, you will be found ineligible for the position. SF-50B print screens from NFC are not official documents and are not acceptable. This includes USCIS employees as well. All current DHS employees can print their own SF-50's by accessing the DHS eOPF website. If you have forgotten your user name or password, eOPF offers a self-service feature to assist you.

If you are a current CIS employee and need access information to eOPF, contact USCIS.EOPF@uscis.dhs.gov. For all other agencies please see your servicing Human Resources Office.

You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and or incentive awards. If you are a Federal employee and have received a current performance rating, it is strongly encouraged that a copy accompanies your application submission. Doing so allows the selecting official access to all information surrounding your potential to fulfill the duties and responsibilities commensurate of the position being considered for. Failure to provide may impede the selecting official's understanding of the qualifications and experience that you possess.

Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP)? Submit:

a copy of your agency notice,
a copy of your most recent performance rating, and
a copy of your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, noting your current position, grade level, and duty location.

Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent appointment:

Position title
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee)
Agency
Beginning and ending dates of appointment

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select ""Benefits."" Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more.

Review our benefits
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current Federal Employees with competitive status, Reinstatement, OPM Interchange Agreement, VEOA, Schedule A and Surplus/Displaced eligibles."	657	Washington
IT Specialist (INFOSEC)	US DHS Headquarters	Washington, DC	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), DHS Headquarters, Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO).

The primary purpose of this position is to perform enterprise architecture duties and responsibilities, this position requires a broad business and technology background as it will require the ability to bridge the gap between business and technology needs for both DHS components and other headquarters lines of business.
Responsibilities
As a IT Specialist (INFOSEC) GS 2210 13, your typical work assignments may include:

Ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems, networks, and data through the planning, analysis, development, implementation, maintenance, and enhancement of information systems security programs, and enforcement/compliance of policies, procedures, and tools.
Conducting analytical studies, cost-benefit analyses, or other research, identifying standards or requirements for infrastructure configuration, inventory and reciprocity.
Providing oversight to ensure program/project work adheres to the larger strategic view developed by senior management at DHS.
Reviewing proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential security risks.

Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
Officers, Chief Technology
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U. S. Citizenship Required
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for Selective Service
You must successfully pass a background investigation
You must be able to obtain a TOP SECRET/SCI Security Clearance
You must submit to a pre-employment drug test
Shared Certificates Statement: Applying to this announcement certifies that you give permission for DHS to share your application with others in DHS for similar positions.
Qualifications
Basic Requirement:

For all positions in the 2210 Occupational Series individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below. The employing agency is responsible for identifying the specific level of proficiency required for each competency at each grade level based on the requirements of the position being filled.
Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.


Specialized Experience:
You qualify for the GS-13 grade level (starting salary $103,690) if you possess one year of specialized experience, equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal government, performing duties such as: 1) applying cybersecurity principles, policies and procedures in the administration of systems, 2) applying life cycle management concepts in the planning, development, implementation and operation of information systems, and 3) overseeing the compliance of IT projects and related activities and Security Authorization and Risk Management.

Substitution of education in lieu of specialized experience may not be used for this grade level.

All qualifications and eligibility requirements must be met by the closing date of the announcement.

Time-in-grade
Current General Schedule (GS) federal employees, and those that have served in GS positions within the last 52 weeks, must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade, or a combination of the next lower grade level and an equivalent band in the federal service by the closing of this announcement.

Note: Current or former Federal employees MUST submit a copy of their SF-50 Form which shows competitive service appointment (""position occupied"" block 34 on the SF-50 should show a ""1""), tenure group (block 24 should show a 1 or 2), grade, and salary. If you are applying for a higher grade, please provide the SF-50 Form which shows the length of time you have been in your current/highest grade (examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, With-in Grade/Range Increases, and SF-50s dated a year apart within the same grade/job). If you have promotion potential in your current position, please provide proof. Employees applying with an interchange agreement must provide proof of their permanent appointment. IF YOU DO NOT SUBMIT ALL OF THE REQUIRED DOCUMENTATION, YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE CONSIDERATION AS A STATUS CANDIDATE.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Current or Former Political Appointees: The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.
Education
Not Applicable
Additional information
DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select ""Benefits."" Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more.

This notice is issued under the direct-hire authority. Using Office of Personnel Management (OPM) approved government-wide direct hire authorities, agencies may appoint candidates directly to jobs, without regard to the provisions of Title 5 U.S.C. 3309 through 3318, for which OPM determines that there is a severe shortage of candidates or a critical hiring need.

Veterans Preference: Veterans preference does not apply under this Direct-Hire Authority (DHA).

Selectee may be required to serve a one-year probationary period
Selectee will be required to complete an OGE 450, Confidential Financial Disclosure Form.
Permanent Change of Duty Station (PCS) Expenses will not be paid.

If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment.

Multiple selections may be made from this announcement.

Promotion Potential: GS-13

Pursuant to Executive Order 12564 and DHS policy, DHS is committed to maintaining a drug-free workplace and, therefore, conducts random and other drug testing of its employees in order to ensure a safe and healthy work environment. Headquarters personnel in safety- or security-sensitive positions are subject to random drug testing and all applicants tentatively selected for employment at DHS Headquarters are subject to drug testing resulting in a negative test result.

Suitability Statement:
If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration of Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment.

Multiple selections may be made from this announcement.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the minimum qualification requirements.

Applicants will be evaluated on their total background including experience (paid and unpaid), education, awards, and training and self-development as it relates to the position based upon the information provided in the resume/application and any other supporting documents. If you are a current or former Federal employee, your resume must indicate the GS or pay band level for each position that you held. If your resume includes non-government service, including contractors, please include the salaries for each position held. All work experience should specify the length of time spent in the position. One year of specialized experience is equivalent to 12 months at 40 hours per week. Part-time hours are prorated. You will not receive any credit for experience that indicates hours per week ""varies."" List exact hours per week on each job experience.

Background Investigation: To ensure the accomplishment of its mission, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) requires each and every employee to be reliable and trustworthy. To meet those standards, all selected applicants must undergo and successfully complete a background investigation for TOP SECRET/SCI clearance as a condition of placement in this SPECIAL SENSITIVE position. This review includes financial issues such as delinquency in the payment of debts, child support and/or tax obligations, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) Eligibles: If you have never worked for the Federal government, you are not CTAP/ICTAP eligible. Information about ICTAP or CTAP eligibility can be found by clicking here to access OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered well qualified under CTAP/ ICTAP, you must be placed in the well qualified category for this position, as described above. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
Your resume NOTE: For what to include in the resume, click on the link:
Your responses to the job questionnaire. https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11150230
Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP)?
Submit the following:
A copy of your agency notice,A copy of your most recent performance rating, andA copy of your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, noting your current position, grade level, and duty location.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All US Citizens"	657	Washington
Visual Information Specialist	Government of the District of Columbia	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	$76,126 - $97,375 a year	"The position is located in the Department of Health (DC Health), Office of the Chief of Staff. The incumbent will work under the direction of the Director of Communications and Community Relations to advance the vision, mission, goals, and objectives of DOH through effective communications and visual communications.
The Communications and Community Relations unit focuses on increasing communications between the DC Health and its stakeholders in support of the agency’s mission. This unit is involved in establishing and maintaining mutual communications between District agencies and the general public, advising agency management on policy formulation and the potential public reaction to proposed policy, and identifying and carrying out the public communication requirements inherent in disseminating policy decisions. The unit is also involved in the implementation of a sustainable communications strategy, focused digital campaign management, media and press outreach strategic development of DC Health’s branding, messaging and communications.
Duties and Responsibilities
The incumbent is an integral part of the day-to-day operation of the Communications and Community Relations unit to include the development of policies, protocols, budgets and plans. The incumbent:
Develops original designs, concepts or visual styles for publication, web, exhibits or presentation materials that present to the public ideas or images desired by the organization.
Provides creative design to support agency wide programs. Assist in the creation of purchase orders to secure vendors for printing and other needs to execute graphic design work for projects and programs.
Transforms written concepts into final layout working in all media and utilizes all major desktop publishing software including Adobe Creative Cloud, Microsoft Office Suite, and other supporting software plug-ins.
Proficient on both Mac and Windows computer systems.
Works closely with senior agency communication team members; creates, coordinates, publishes, and edits web page content that is intended for public consumption.
Assists with DC Health Intranet maintenance and content creation.
Coordinates internal marketing and communications metrics collections, reporting and analysis to inform broader, effective strategies.
Maintains liaison with clients and other staff members, as well as vendors (e.g., editors, producers, writers and freelancers), to communicate job specifications and ensure deadline are met.
Monitor scheduling and overall job production; coordinate interrelated activities with others to promote efficient workflow.
Meet with staff members and clients as needed to develop design concepts, gather information, discuss alternatives, gain approval and review request.
Analyze and advise proper equipment, software, techniques, and styles to be used in graphic production.
Adheres to the 508 Compliance Policy, for submitting 508-compliant documents for the visual impaired and posting on the web.
Qualifications and Education
Individuals must possess at least one (1) years of specialized experience equivalent to the grade 11 level. Specialized experience is defined as experience that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled and has equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position such as leadership or direction of professional work from the manager of public health information.
Bachelor's degree in commercial art, fine arts, art history, industrial design, architecture, drafting, interior design, photograph, visual communication, communications or other fields related to the position. Required for the incumbent of this position.
Master’s degree or higher in commercial art, fine arts, art history, industrial design, architecture, drafting, interior design, photography, visual communication, communications or closely related field, preferred.
Licensure/Certification
None Required
Work Environment
The work is performed both in a typical office setting and out in the community. The incumbent must be able to carry out official duties in a variety of settings and conditions. Routine work occurs primarily in an office setting. The work is also performed in conference rooms, meeting rooms, display areas and in community settings. Emergency operations may require the incumbent to work in austere conditions, and/or in outdoor environments for extended periods of time. The incumbent must be able to perform work throughout the Metropolitan Washington area.
Other Significant Facts
Tour of Duty: Monday - Friday - 8:15 am - 4:45 pm
Promotion Potential: No Known Promotion Potential
Duration of Appointment: Career Service (Permanent)
Pay Plan, Services and Grade: CS-1084-12
Collective Bargaining Unit: This position is not covered by a Collective Bargaining Agreement
Position Designation: This position has been designated as Security Sensitive. Pursuant to section 410 of Chapter 4 of the D.C. Personnel Regulations; in addition to the general suitability screening, individuals applying for or occupying security sensitive positions are subject to the following checks and tests:
(a) Criminal background check;
(b) Traffic record check (as applicable);
(c) Consumer credit check (as applicable);
(d) Reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol test; and
(e) Post-accident or incident drug and alcohol test.
EEO Statement: The District of Columbia Government is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All Qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, material status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, matriculation, physical handicap, or political affiliation."	657	Washington
Cyber Threat Analyst/ Computer Security Systems Specialist, Level 3	FEDDATA	Arlington, VA	None	"Position Summary:
Research and analyze classified reporting to identify current and emerging threat trends and work with intelligence community partners to produce and offer classified threat intelligence products and briefings to internal and external partners and stakeholders.
Essential Job Functions:
Provide 24/7 research and reporting support to customer Senior Leadership, Duty Officers, partners and stakeholders.
Develop informational and analytic products daily designed to increase situational awareness and advanced warning of current and emerging cybersecurity threats and risks.
Report on underlying patterns of behavior by conducting detailed analysis of incidents, threats and risks and associated impacts and consequences, vulnerabilities, tactics, techniques and procedures (TTP), and other malicious and non-malicious indicators.
Provide daily threat briefings to the Watch Floor during the customer Director’s Morning Brief.
Develop operational-level trends analysis products that leverage customer internal data repositories, classified and unclassified open source reporting to provide situational awareness of emerging cyber threat and risk trends to customer partners, stakeholders, and customers.
Provide operational analysis coordination, research, and reporting support to the customer during internal cyber incident management exercises as well as national-level cyber exercises.
Track and manage internal and external requests for information (RFIs) and requests for analysis (RFAs) for the entire Branch and produce weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual performance metrics reports.

Required Skills: (There are multiple positions for the Cyber Threat Analyst position (Level1, Level 2, Level 3))
Due to the nature of this position and the information that employees will be required to access, U.S. Citizenship is required.
Required Security Clearance: Active Top Secret Security Clearance with ability to obtain a DHS SCI, as well as obtain and maintain a favorably adjudicated DHS background investigation (EOD) for continued employment.

Cyber Threat Analyst, Level 2
Bachelor's Degree with a minimum of 2 years of experience is required. An additional 4 years of experience may be substituted for a degree.

Cyber Threat Analyst, Level 3
Bachelor's Degree and minimum of 4+ years of experience is required. An additional 4 years of experience may be substituted for a degree.

Desired/Preferred Skills:
TS/SCI is desired.

Work Conditions:
Work is typically based in a busy office environment and subject to frequent interruptions. Business work hours are normally set from Monday through Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm, however some extended or weekend hours may be required. Additional details on the precise hours will be informed to the candidate from the Program Manager/Hiring Manager. May be required to travel up to 25% of time.
Physical Requirements:
May be required to lift and carry items weighing up to 25 lbs. Requires intermittent standing, walking, sitting, squatting, stretching and bending throughout the workday.
Background Screening/Check/Investigation:
Successful Completion of a Background Screening/Check/Investigation will be required as a condition of hire.
Employment Type: Full-time
Benefits:
Federal Data Systems, LLC offers competitive compensation, a flexible benefits package, career development opportunities that reflect its commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. Benefits include, not all inclusive – Medical, Vision & Dental Insurance, Paid Time-Off & Company Paid Holidays, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities.
Other:
This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.
Federal Data Systems, LLC (FEDDATA) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. That does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law."	657	Washington
Mission Support Specialist (Personnel)	US Customs and Border Protection	Washington, DC 20001 (Chinatown area)	$60,129 - $94,581 a year	"Duties
Summary
As our nation navigates the COVID-19 pandemic, CBP is committed to delivering our mission to safeguard America's borders and enable legitimate trade and travel. Staffing mission critical positions remains a high priority. Be reassured that CBP is still hiring, despite potential hiring process step delays due to restrictions to in-person activities.
Responsibilities
Organizational Location: This position is with the Department of Homeland Security, within U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Border Patrol Headquarters, Office of the Chief, Washington, District of Columbia.

Joining the Customs and Border Protection U.S. Border Patrol will allow you to use your expertise in administration to provide advisory and technical services to management. Apply for this exciting opportunity to strengthen homeland security by planning and carrying out a wide variety of administrative and management program planning activities. This position starts at a salary of $60,129.00 (GS-9, Step 1) to $94,581.00 (GS-11, Step 10) with promotion potential to $113,362 (GS-12 Step 10).

In this Mission Support Specialist (Personnel) position, you will become a key team member of Homeland Security professionals performing significant review and analysis of studies and projects to address substantive technical issues. Typical work assignments include:

Assisting in performing researches, and preparing briefing materials for the Chief and Deputy Chief of U.S. Border Patrol
Analyzing and developing plans to meet established goals and revise methods if necessary
Developing and delivering briefings, project papers, status/staff report and correspondence to managers
Providing direct guidance and tracking of the budget for the Office of the Chief. Books all travel for the Chief, Deputy Chief, as well as other members of the Office of the Chiefs staff and tracks all expenditures associated with the Office of the Chiefs budget
Ensuring conference spending compliance and maintaining records to ensure all conference spending falls within approved limits

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You will be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen to apply for this position
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with Selective Service
Primary U.S. residency for at least three of the last five years (additional details below)
You may be required to pass a background investigation
CBP follows the DHS Drug-Free Workplace Plan for drug testing procedures
As an employee of CBP, you will be joining a workforce that is dedicated to accomplishing our mission while maintaining the trust of our Nation by strictly adhering to all government ethics standards. Your conduct will be subject to the ethics rules applicable to all Executive Branch employees, and to CBP employees specifically, as well as the criminal conflict of interest statutes. Once you enter on duty, these rules include obtaining approval for outside employment or business activity, to ensure such employment or business activity is not prohibited and does not interfere or conflict with performance of your official duties. Please review further details via the following link.

Qualifications
Experience: You qualify for the GS-9 grade level if you possess 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level, performing duties such as:
Assisting senior specialists in developing and updating position descriptions
Applying principles and practices commonly used in the recruitment and placement process
Applying knowledge of laws and policies of employee benefits to provide guidance on options and advantages/disadvantages
Reviewing payroll and other personnel spreadsheets
Filing documents pertinent to employees and identifying and recommending solutions to administrative problems


Experience: You qualify for the GS-11 grade level if you possess 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level, performing duties such as:
Coordinating and monitoring a variety of administrative projects related to human resources and/or related areas (i.e. personnel, payroll, benefits, etc.)
Identifying and recommending solutions to a wide range of problems relevant to human resources management
Analyzing data from a variety of sources to develop trends, patterns, and estimates
Preparing preliminary and finished reports and related documents


Education Substitution:
GS-9: You may substitute a Master's degree or 2 full years of graduate education or a J.D or L.L.B. degree for experience required at the GS-9 grade level. Such education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university and demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position. Check with your school to determine how many credit hours comprise two years of graduate education. If that information is not available, use 36 semester or 54 quarter hours.

GS-11: You may substitute a Ph.D. or an equivalent doctoral degree, or three full years of progressively higher-level graduate education leading to such a degree or an LL.M. for experience at the GS-11 grade level. Such education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university. Check with your school to determine how many credit hours comprise three years of graduate study. If that information is not available, use 54 semester or 81 quarter hours.

Combining Experience and Education: To combine your education and experience, you must convert each to a percentage, and then add the percentages. The combined total of your percentage of education and experience must equal at least 100% in order to qualify. If your education is currently described in quarter hours, convert the quarter hours into semester hours by multiplying the quarter hours by the fraction 2/3. To calculate your percentage of graduate education, divide the number of graduate semester hours by 18. To determine your percentage of qualifying experience, you must divide your total number of months of qualifying experience by the required number of months of experience. Add your percentages of education and experience. The two percentages must total at least 100%.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

You must meet all qualification requirements, including education if applicable to this position, subject to verification at any stage of the application process by 06/21/2021.

In order to be considered for this position, you must complete all required steps in the process. In addition to the application and application questionnaire, this position requires an online assessment. The online assessment measures critical general competencies required to perform the job.

The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.

Background Investigation: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is a federal law enforcement agency that requires all applicants to undergo a thorough background investigation prior to employment in order to promote the agency's core values of vigilance, service to country, and integrity. During the screening and/or background investigation process, you will be asked questions regarding any felony criminal convictions or current felony charges, the use of illegal drugs (e.g., marijuana, cocaine, heroin, LSD, methamphetamines, ecstasy), and the use of non-prescribed controlled substances including any experimentation, possession, sale, receipt, manufacture, cultivation, production, transfer, shipping, trafficking, or distribution of controlled substances. For more information visit this link.

Residency: There is a residency requirement for all applicants not currently employed by CBP. Individuals are required to have physically resided in the United States or its protectorates (as declared under international law) for at least three of the last five years. If you do not meet the residency requirement and you have been physically located in a foreign location for more than two of the last five years, you may request an exception to determine if you are eligible for a residency waiver by meeting one or more of the following conditions:
Working for the U.S. Government as a federal civilian or as a member of the military
A dependent who was authorized to accompany a federal civilian or member of the military who was working for the U.S. government
Participation in a study abroad program sponsored by a U.S. affiliated college or university
Working as a contractor, intern, consultant or volunteer supporting the U.S. government


Probationary Period: All employees new to the federal government must serve a one year probationary period during the first year of his/her initial permanent federal appointment to determine fitness for continued employment. Current and former federal employees may be required to serve or complete a probationary period.
Education
Please see the Qualifications and Required Documents sections for more information if education is applicable to this position.
Additional information
This position is not covered under the bargaining unit.

Reasonable Accommodation Requests: If you believe you have a disability (i.e., physical or mental), covered by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 as amended and Americans with Disabilities Act 1990 as amended, that would interfere with completing the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, you will be granted the opportunity to request a reasonable accommodation in your online application. Requests for Reasonable Accommodations for the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments and appropriate supporting documentation for Reasonable Accommodation must be received prior to starting the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. Decisions on requests for Reasonable Accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis. If you meet the minimum qualifications of the position, after notification of the adjudication of your request, you will receive an email invitation to complete the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. You must complete all assessments within 48 hours of receiving the URL to access the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, if you received the link after the close of the announcement. To determine if you need a Reasonable Accommodation, please review the Procedures for Requesting a Reasonable Accommodation for Online Assessments here.

Positions with known promotion potential do not guarantee promotion, nor is the promise of promotion implied.

DHS uses E-Verify, an internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify including your rights and responsibilities.

Follow U.S. Customs and Border Protection on Twitter @CustomsBorder

The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps/VISTA volunteers, and persons with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links above or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) Eligibles: If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not CTAP/ICTAP eligible. View information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered eligible under CTAP/ICTAP, you must be placed in the Well-Qualified category for this position, as described above. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the Required Documents section of this job announcement.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the minimum qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, we will use responses you provide on the application questionnaire and the result of the online assessments required for this position to place you in one of three categories based on your experience, education, and training.

The knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to perform this job are:

Knowledge of the concepts, principles, practices, regulations and policies related to human resources, compensation, classification, and general administrative guidelines
Knowledge in the application of methods and techniques to analyze and evaluate the effects of potential changes in plans and procedures
Skills in utilizing standard computer programs (i.e., Microsoft Office Suite) to develop and maintain electronic files, word processing documents to prepare various type of issue/project papers, PowerPoint presentations, and spreadsheets that concisely presents findings/recommendations
Ability to analyze and evaluate information in order to determine accuracy and make recommendations to improve operations
Ability to effectively communicate both orally and in writing with all levels of management and employees, and the ability to display well-balanced, accurate judgement


Competencies:
Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Decision Making
Flexibility
Integrity/Honesty
Interpersonal Skills
Learning
Reading
Reasoning
Self-Management
Stress Tolerance
Teamwork


If you meet the minimum qualifications, you will be placed in one of the following categories:
Highly Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate high proficiency in all of the critical competencies, including all Selective Placement Factors (SPF), and appropriate Quality Ranking Factors (QRF) as determined by the job analysis.
Well-Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrates acceptable proficiency in all of the critical competencies, including all SPF's and appropriate QRFs as determined by the job analysis.
Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that meets the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate basic proficiency in most of the critical competencies, including all SPFs and appropriate QRFs as determined by the job analysis.


Veterans: Qualified veterans who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10% are listed in the best-qualified category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-09 grade level, or higher. This position is not considered scientific/professional. Other 10 point preference eligibles and veterans with 5 point preference who meet the eligibility and qualification requirements are placed above non-preference eligibles within the category in which they qualify. View information on veterans' preference.


If you are highly qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview. Preview the job questionnaire https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11139875

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
Your resume: A resume describing your job-related qualifications is required and will be used for the purpose of reviewing your qualifications and determining what training, if any, would be required when placed. A resume in English is required. It must contain your full legal name, address, phone number, complete work history including a detailed description of your duties, the dates you performed those duties (MM/DD/YY), your hours worked per week, job title, as well as series, grade, and salary (if applicable). For additional required items, see the link.
Your responses to the job questionnaire: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11139875
Your responses to the USA Hire Competency Based Assessment
Are you qualifying based on education? Submit a copy of your college transcript (unofficial is acceptable at this time; however, official copies will be required prior to entrance on duty) or a list of coursework with hours completed provided from the institution. Education must be from an institution accredited by an agency recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Education obtained from a foreign university or college is not creditable unless it has been evaluated by an organization that specializes in interpretation of education credentials. For a listing of accrediting agencies see www.naces.org
Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP)? You must submit a separation notice; your most recent SF-50 (noting your current position, grade level and duty location); a copy of your most recent performance rating of record; an agency certification that you cannot be placed after injury compensation has been terminated; an OPM notification that your disability annuity has been terminated; or a Military Department of National Guard Bureau notification that you are retired under 5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456.
Are you a veteran? To apply veterans' preference you must submit proof of eligibility as appropriate for your preference type:
Five Point Preference: DD 214 listing the character of service and either qualifying medal(s) or service period
Ten Point Preference: DD 214 showing character of service and supporting documentation as listed on the Standard Form 15 (application for 10 Point Veterans' Preference). Submitting an SF-15 with your application is encouraged. Veterans with a service-connected disability must also submit a VA Disability Award letter dated 1991 or later, OR supporting documentation as listed in the SF-15
If you are currently serving on active duty, you must submit a written statement from the armed forces certifying your dates of service, rank, expected character of service, and anticipated date of separation. If you apply with a written statement at this stage, your preference will be verified by a DD 214 upon separation from the military.
For more information about veterans' preference visit this link.
Are you a current or former federal employee? If yes, it is recommended that you submit a copy of your SF-50(s) (Notification of Personnel Action) to support your experience. Examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, within-grade increases and accessions.
Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent political appointment:
Position title
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee)
Agency
Beginning and ending dates of appointment
If you are requesting a reasonable accommodation to the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, submit documentation to support your request, including the Reasonable Accommodation Request Form found here.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S."	657	Washington
Computer Security Systems Specialist - Senior Lead (3.3 SECURITY COMPLIANCE SUPPORT)	Technical and Management Resources, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Overview:

TMR is looking for a Computer Security Systems Specialist to support the Department of Transportation Administration (TSA), Office of Information Technology (IT), Technology Solutions Division (TSD). TSD will be adding additional IT systems to support the TSA Pre✓® expansion effort. All systems are used to improve the security of our nation’s transportation systems by applying dynamic risk-based, intelligence driven vetting procedures and enhancing its use of technology. This position is located in Annapolis Junction, MD.
Responsibilities:

Provide Information Systems Security Officer (ISSO) support services that involves Security Engineering and Security Compliance for TSA’s mission critical systems, including Secure Flight (SF), Screening Gateway (SG), Transportation Vetting System (TVS), Technology Infrastructure Modernization (TIM) System, and the Security Threat Assessment Mission Platform (STAMP) that will significantly improve security operation of our nation’s traveling public.
Qualifications:

Required:
Must have 15 years of experience.
Computer Security Systems Specialists must possess a Batchelor’s Degree or higher and have an active Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) certification.
US Citizen able to obtain/maintain Public Trust clearance
Preferred:
The following certifications are preferred but not required: Linux+, Network+, CCNA, CAP, CEH, ESCA, and OSCP.
The following experience is preferred, but not required: DevSecOps, and CI/CD integration.
The Specialist should have experience with various Operating Systems including Windows, Linux and Unix."	657	Washington
Specialist, Attendance	District of Columbia Public Schools	Washington, DC	None	Position OverviewThe Office of Innovation and Systems Improvement (ISI) works with the Chancellor to align resources across the organization through innovation and continuous improvement. Our goal is to initiate change and lead DC Public Schools into the highest performing school district in the nation. After engaging with over 3,000 internal and external stakeholders to help shape the future of DCPS, we are guided by the five strategic priorities of the new Capital Commitment 2017-2022 Strategic Plan:Promote Equity: Define, understand, and promote equity to close achievement gaps and interrupt institutional bias.Empower Our People: Recruit, develop, and retain a talented, caring, and diverse team.Educate the Whole Child: Provide rigorous, joyful, and inclusive academic and social emotional experiences for all students.Ensure Excellent Schools: Increase the number of high quality schools across the district by defining blended autonomies for schools and creating opportunities for innovation.Engage Families: Deepen partnerships with families and community.The Office of the Chief Operating Officer (OCOO) is comprised of the Strategic School Operations, Food & Nutrition Services, School Security, Facilities, Compliance, and Attendance teams. OCOO is responsible for guiding the operations and functions for all 118 schools within the District. Our goal is for all DCPS schools to be ready on the first day of school and every day thereafter so that all principals can lead, all teachers can teach, and all students can learn.The Specialist, Attendance is responsible for collaboration with other members of OCOO to ensure all students attend school every day, on time, so they can be successful. The Specialist will provide technical assistance to school staff to develop and support the attendance intervention process. This position is a safety-sensitive position. As a result, throughout employment this position will be subject to the Employee Mandatory Drug and Alcohol Testing Policy.The Specialist, Attendance will report to the Director, Student Attendance.Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesThe below statements are intended to describe the general nature and scope of work being performed by this position. This is not a complete listing of all responsibilities, duties, and/or skills required. Other duties may be assigned.Collaborates with building administrators and school-based teams to establish data-driven attendance systems, local attendance committees, and school-wide attendance campaigns.Consults with school staff to support the provision of timely, high quality interventions when students are absent from school.Provides programmatic leadership by researching and providing knowledge and technical assistance about best practices in strategic program areas, including attendance, student engagement, dropout prevention, youth development, and the social-emotional needs of students.Uses data to ensure full implementation of district and school-level attendance efforts and to evaluate their effectiveness.Helps manage the analysis and presentation of data and progress of data-driven initiatives for senior management team and external audiences; communicates progress to key stakeholder groups; and incorporates their input.Builds relationships and liaises with various internal departments to drive collaboration and project success; coordinates and integrates information about attendance throughout the district; and interacts with and responds effectively to urgent requests from multiple internal and external DCPS stakeholders.Develops strategy and clear, specific, and ambitious performance measures for individual projects that are easily translated into individual work goals and deliverables for other team members.Creates detailed timelines for each initiative; assesses and tracks project progress regularly using various computer programs and tools; and drives project completion holding others accountable for responsibilities and deadlines.Anticipates, identifies, and resolves complex obstacles to success of overall program as well as specific projects.Interviews and surveys other colleagues and management teams to determine opportunities for improvement; researches specific issues; and develops detailed recommendations and implementation plans to ensure continuous improvement and innovation within the team, Office, and agency.QualificationsBachelor's degree and three to five years of related work experience, including experience providing training, facilitation, and/or coaching for adults.Master's degree preferred.Previous exposure to or experience in the education sector a plus.Specific experience in work with youth preferred.Previous exposure to or experience with case management, counseling, or social work services a plus.DCPS ValuesSTUDENTS FIRST: We recognize students as whole children and put their needs first in everything we do.COURAGE: We have the audacity to learn from our successes and failures, to try new things, and to lead the nation as a proof point of PK-12 success.EQUITY: We work proactively to eliminate opportunity gaps by interrupting institutional bias and investing in effective strategies to ensure every student succeeds.EXCELLENCE: We work with integrity and hold ourselves accountable for exemplary outcomes, service, and interactions.TEAMWORK: We recognize that our greatest asset is our collective vision and ability to work collaboratively and authentically.JOY: We enjoy our collective work and will enthusiastically celebrate our success and each other.Job Type: Full-time	657	Washington
Senior Computer Security Specialist	NuCrest LLC	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:
NuCrest is seeking a Senior Computer Security Specialist as part of a Cybersecurity Support Team in Alexandria, VA providing RMF A&A services for PIT and PIT Systems. Assist the Government ISSOs with RMF services for as needed. Must have at least four (4+) years of experience of demonstrated experience in the Information Security (Cybersecurity or Information Assurance) field; a minimum of at least four (4+) years of experience as an ISSO, working A&A documentation, assessments, and IA program tasks in DHS and DoD; have an active Secret security clearance; a bachelor’s degree or higher in computer science, Information Technology, Information Security, or similar field and have either a minimum IAM Level I Certifications to include one or more of the following: EC-Council Certified Network Defense (CND), CompTIA Cloud+, GIAC Security Leadership Certification (GSLC), CompTIA Security+ CE DoD 8570.01-Manual compliant certifications.
Description:
The Senior Computer Security Specialist evaluates and applies the technical, operational and physical information security to various system and system activities. Has knowledge of computer hardware and operating systems (Windows and UNIX). The Senior Computer Security Specialist assesses information security risks, threats, vulnerabilities; documents findings; and summarizes recommendations in written and oral form for the customer. The Senior Computer Security Specialist should have thorough knowledge of all aspects of Cyber Risk, IT Security, and Information Assurance in the areas of Security Assessment & Authorization (A&A), Contingency Planning, Continuous Monitoring (CM)/On-going Authorization (OA), Privacy, Security Operations, Incident Response, Cloud Security to minimize any type of loss and destruction to information technology systems assets and data. The Senior Computer Security Specialist should also be proficient in researching and evaluating emerging information technologies relevant to information security; interpreting requirements and providing analytical reviews for system architecture, equipment and software; and providing recommendations. The Senior Computer Security Specialist should be proficient in FISMA, DHS, DoD and NIST Information Security policies, standards, and best practices and ability to convey information to technical and non-technical audiences verbally and in writing.
Responsibilities:
Carry out activities at the organization, mission, business process, and information system levels of the enterprise to help prepare the customer to manage its security and privacy risks using the RMF. Perform account validation for FISMA tracking system (e.g., Xacta and eMASS).
Categorize the information system into low, moderate, or high potential security impact, using FIPS 199 as a guide. Register the information system through the approve FISMA tracking tools program/management offices (DoD/eMASS, DHS/IACS(Xacta).
Select the security controls for the information system and document the controls in the Security Plan.
Create the Security Assessment Plan (SAPs), Rules of Engagement, and Security Assessment Reports (SARs).
Conduct Assessments for PIT, Assessment and Authorization for PIT Systems and Assessment and Authorization for Information Systems to successfully obtain an Authorization to Operate. Assess the security controls in accordance with the assessment procedures defined in the SAP. Prepare the SAR documenting the issues, findings, and recommendations from the security control assessment.
Prepare the POA&M, consisting of tasks needing to be accomplished and schedules to remediate system weaknesses, based on the findings and recommendations of the SAR excluding any remediation actions taken.
Assemble the security authorization package, containing the results of the SAR, the POA&M, the System Security Plan, and other documents that provide the authorizing official with essential information needed to make a risk-based decision on whether to authorize operation.
Determine the risk (including risk to mission, functions, image, or reputation) to organizational operations, organizational assets, individuals, other organizations, or the Nation. Determine if the risk to organizational operations, organizational assets, individuals, other organizations, or the Nation is acceptable.
Establish cyberhealth dashboards with several metrics. Report the security status of the information system (including the effectiveness of security controls employed within and inherited by the system), to appropriate organizational officials on an ongoing basis in accordance with the organization-defined monitoring strategy.
Develop a strategy for the continuous monitoring of security control effectiveness and any proposed/actual changes to the information system and its environment of operation. Determine and document the security impact of proposed or actual changes to the information system and its environment of operation.
Maintain continuous monitoring for an Information Systems that have been placed into Ongoing Authorization. Conduct selected remediation actions based on the results of ongoing monitoring activities and the outstanding items in the POA&M. Update the Security Plan, SAR, and POA&M based on the results of the continuous monitoring process.
Determine if risk to organizational operations, organizational assets, individuals, other organizations, or the Nation is acceptable. Review the reported security status of the information system (including the effectiveness of security controls employed within and inherited by the system) on an ongoing basis in accordance with the monitoring strategy to determine whether the risk to organizational operations, organizational assets, individuals, other organizations, or the Nation remains acceptable.

Required Skill and Experience:
At least twelve (12+) years of experience of demonstrated experience in the Information Security (Cybersecurity or Information Assurance) field.
Minimum of at least twelve (12+) years of experience as an ISSO/ISSM, working A&A documentation, assessments, and IA program tasks.
Strong familiarity with the NIST Risk Management Framework (800-37), NIST 800-53/53A, NIST 800+ series Special Publications, elated Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS), DHS 4300 A/B/C, DOD 8500.1, DoD Risk Management Framework (RMF) guidance and DoD Assessment & Authorization process, FISMA guidance, and other Federal Cyber Security policies and guidelines. Familiarity with USCG COMDTINST 5500.13
Strong technical, analytic and problem-solving skills combined with the ability to provide quick resolution to problems.
Security domain, implementation and security tools knowledge.
Extensive knowledge of Xacta, eMASS, and Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS).
Knowledge of DOD Host Based Security System (HBSS).
Working knowledge of DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG) benchmarks and STIG Viewer. Capable of conducting manual reviews, interpreting STIG guidance, and implementation recommendations. Familiar with drafting documentation, relating to vulnerabilities. (POA&Ms, Waivers, etc.).
Experience in the analysis of identified system weaknesses identified during system security assessments and the related mitigation plans as they pertain to meeting mandated system security requirements and timeframes. To include weakness POA&M and waiver creation and management.
Must have experience using Microsoft Office Programs (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc.)
Demonstrated consulting and analytical skills and experience.
Strong analytical, problem-solving and decision-making capabilities.
Ability to interact with a variety of stakeholders to include vendors, senior leadership, CIOs, and CISOs.

Education:
BA/BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Security.

Certifications:
Minimum IAM Level II certification level to include one or more of the following: EC-Council Certified Network Defense (CND), CompTIA Cloud+, GIAC Security Leadership Certification (GSLC), CompTIA Security+ CE DoD 8570.01-Manual compliant certifications.

Clearance:
Minimum Active Secret security clearance

Work Core Hours:
Eight-hour workday, during the workweek: 8:00 am – 5:00 pm ET, Monday through Friday

Company Background:
NuCrest, LLC is a minority-owned Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB)/Small-Disadvantaged Business (SDB) based in Anne Arundel County, Maryland focuses on delivering a diverse portfolio of security-focus IT Enterprise Services and Solutions to support the critical missions of Federal and Civic clients. We deliver our services across multiple enterprise platforms, data networks, and cloud environments.
At NuCrest we support our Veterans and encourage all to apply!
NuCrest provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training."	657	Washington
Equipment Specialist (Electronics and Combat Systems), GS-1670-13	US U.S. Coast Guard	Washington, DC 20593 (Saint Elizabeths area)	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, Deputy Commandant for Mission Support, Assistant Commandant for Command, Control Communication, Computers and Information Technology (CG-6), Office of C5I Program Management (CG-68), C5I Systems and Capabilities Management Division (CG-681), Washington, DC.

Responsibilities
The position serves as the Senior Navy Type (NT)/Navy Owned (N/O) Equipment Manager for the U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) acting as liaison to the U.S. Navy Program Executive Office Integrated Warfare Systems (PEO IWS), and is seated at USCG HQ.

Being a CG civilian makes you a valuable member of the CG team. Typical work assignments include:

Serving as the primary liaison between Navy PEO IWS and the Coast Guard to ensure fielding of NT/NO equipment on board Coast Guard platforms is in a manner consistent with the objectives and timelines of the Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Lifecycle Framework and the Coast Guard’s specific asses programs
Participating in meetings, conferences, Program Reviews and Engineering Working Groups with managers of other projects, programs, and with other technical managers to coordinate developmental activities and ensure effective project integration within the Coast Guard
Meeting with Program/Sponsor’s Representatives and Acquisition Managers to understand operational requirements and missions for Coast Guard platforms and to achieve those objectives through the prudent selection of NT/NO technology
Reviewing professional and technical journals, research reports, Coast Guard and Navy performance data to maintain cognizance of new technological developments in the combat electronic systems field, and to identify emerging technology requirements
Working with the Coast Guard Forces Readiness Command (FORCECOM) and CG-1B3 to identify and address training gaps for NT/NO equipment and finds solutions to address those gaps, including cost sharing with Navy Programs for training
Partnering with PEO IWS to facilitate the technology selection process by providing specific guidance on Coast Guard requirements and missions and acquisition schedules

Travel Required
Occasional travel - This position requires occasional travel.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
1670 Equipment Services
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship is required.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for Selective Service.
This position requires a Secret clearance.
A one-year probationary period may be required.
All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of the announcement. This includes Time-In-Grade requirements for current status employees applying through merit promotion procedures. Status applicants applying for a promotion must have 52 weeks of service at the next lower grade.
Qualifications
To qualify for the GS-13 grade level: Applicants must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 level (in the Federal sector). Specialized experience is experience that has equipped you with the particular ability, skill, and knowledge to successfully perform the duties of this position and is typically in or related to this line of work.

Examples of specialized experience include: working as a skilled mechanic or maintenance worker, sales or service engineer, or planner or estimator in a technical group; analyzing contract specifications and examining pertinent equipment; reading and interpreting engineering change orders, equipment requisitions, shop orders and work orders.

National Service Experience (i.e., volunteer experience): Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

The Office of Personnel management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule, C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.
Education
This position does not have a positive education requirement. If you are including education on your resume, report only attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. See Required Documents section for detail.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet Federal qualification requirements if you can show that your foreign education is comparable to education received in accredited educational institutions in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence with your application. See Recognition of Foreign Qualifications click here
Additional information
Applicants will be required to complete questions contained on the Declaration for Federal Employment (OF-306) at the time a tentative job offer is made. Certain responses on the form could pose a problem with suitability for employment determinations. If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete/make updates to the OF-306 and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, or imprisonment.

DHS uses e-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about e-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities at click here

Recruitment incentives may be authorized.

All Federal employees are required to have Federal salary payments made by direct deposit.

The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps/VISTA volunteers, and persons with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links above or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement.

More than 1 selection may be made from this announcement if additional identical vacancies in the same title, series, grade, and unit occur within 45 days from the date the certificate was issued.

If you need a reasonable accommodation for the application and hiring process, please contact 202-795-6302. Decisions on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. Visit Reasonable Accommodation


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your résumé and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, your experience, education and training will be rated using the on-line self assessment questions that are based on the following competencies or knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to perform this job:
Expert knowledge of the principles, concepts terminology, techniques, and methods used in electronics/electrical engineering, which enable the employee to serve as a technical expert for relevant combat systems.
Expert knowledge of combat systems, capabilities, configurations and integration
Knowledge of Federal procurement policies, procedures, and regulations
Comprehensive knowledge and ability to resolve difficult equipment problems and provide technical advice and leadership in developing, implementing, evaluating and improving provisioning processes and procedures
Ability to analyze and evaluate current and proposed policies, rules, regulations, and legislation regarding the operation and maintenance of equipment and systems
Your resume and responses to the self-assessment questions are an integral part of the process for determining your qualifications for the position. Therefore, you must support your responses to the self-assessment questions by providing examples of past and present experience in your resume.

If you are best qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview.

Consideration will be given to performance appraisals and incentive awards as an indicator of quality of prior experience; no points will be assigned.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
1. Resume

2. Completed online questionnaire
3. Current or former federal employees, submit a copy of most recent SF-50, Notice of Personnel Action, which demonstrates your eligibility for consideration, e.g., length of time you have been in your current/highest grade. Examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, with-in grade increases, NOT performance awards.

4. If qualifying based on education, submit a legible copy of your unofficial college transcript from an accredited college/university. The transcript must reflect the college/university name and/or logo. Applicants are highly encouraged to proactively order a copy of their official transcripts to be delivered to their home address so transcripts will be readily available if selected. If selected, official transcripts are required prior to establishing your start date. Foreign education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet education requirements if you can show that it is comparable to education received in U.S. accredited institutions. Provide proof with your application. Please see click here.

5. If claiming special priority selection rights under the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP), submit a copy of your agency notice, most recent performance rating and most recent SF-50, noting your current position, grade level and duty location. If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not ICTAP eligible. To be considered eligible, you must be placed in the well-qualified category for this position. Please see ICTAP eligibility.

6. If you are claiming veterans’ preference, submit the following documents. Please see Feds Hire Vets for detail.

a. Veterans claiming 5 point veterans' preference must submit legible Member 4 Copy DD214(s) indicating Character of Service. 5-point preference will not be granted if appropriate documentation is not submitted.

b. 30% Disabled Veterans must submit their Member Copy 4 DD-214(s), which includes Character of Service, and VA Disability Letter with percentage of disability OR documentation of disability determination from a branch of the Armed Forces which reflects a compensable service-connected disability of 30% or more.

c. Other 10 point Preference Eligibles must submit applicable Member Copy 4 DD-214(s), which includes Character of Service, and provide documentation of 10 point preference described on the back of the SF-15. 10-point preference will not be granted if appropriate documentation is not submitted with your application.

d. If you are a current active duty military member who does not have a DD214 and is claiming preference under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, submit certification from the Armed Forces indicating that you will be discharged or released under honorable conditions from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. Certifications must be on letterhead from the appropriate military branch and include: military dates of service and expected discharge or release date, character of service, military rank, type of discharge and date when terminal leave will begin. Certifications must be signed by, or by direction of military members’ military personnel offices, unit commanders or higher headquarters.

7. If requesting consideration under Executive Order 13473, you must submit proof. To confirm eligibility for appointment based on the National Defense Authorization Act for FY 2019 (NDAA), submit a copy of the marriage certificate to the military member and a copy of your spouses’ active duty military orders (e.g., most recent military orders, PCS orders, etc.). Spouses of military members who are on retirement or separation PCS orders from active duty are not eligible to be appointed unless the member was injured with a 100% rating; or was released/discharged from active duty due to the member’s death while on active duty. Widows or widowers, who are not remarried, of military service members who were killed on active duty must submit a DD-1300.

8. OPM must authorize employment offers for former or current Political Appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C or Non-Career SES employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information. Submit proof of your former or current status, such as your SF-50. Please see here.

All documentation as outlined above must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you are unable to submit your documents electronically, you may fax or mail the documents. A fax cover sheet will be provided to you from the system with fax number and instructions. Required documents will also be accepted by mail and must be received by the closing date of the announcement. The mailing address is COMMANDANT (CG-123HQ), ATTN OFFICE OF CIVILIAN HUMAN RESOURCES (JOBS), US COAST GUARD, 2703 MARTIN LUTHER KING JR AVE SE STOP 7912, WASHINGTON, DC 20593-7912.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(K)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and development opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select “Benefits”. Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Status Candidates, Current Federal Employees, Former Federal Employees, Former Overseas Employees, CTAP, ICTAP, 30% Disabled, Schedule A, Individuals with Disabilities, Military Spouses, Land and Base Management, Peace Corps, Americorps, Vista within the local commuting area of the position. For definitions of common terms found in this announcement: http://dhsconnect.dhs.gov/org/comp/mgmt/dhshr/hr/Documents/JOA_Common_Definitions.pdf"	657	Washington
Instructional Systems Specialist	US Federal Aviation Administration	Washington, DC	$67,605 - $104,778 a year	"Duties
Summary
Due to the Pandemic and individual states with different phases of reopening, the selectee’s report date to the official duty station/facility may be delayed until such time as employees are allowed to report to the workplace. The person selected may telework up to the maximum extent possible, up to and including full time, until it is determined by state and Federal officials that employees are allowed to report to the workplace where this position is located, on a regular basis.

Responsibilities
This position is located in AIR-942. However, this vacancy announcement may be used to fill future vacancies in any of the other AIR Division Offices. Duty location/locality pay will be determined based on selection for one of the locations listed on this vacancy announcement.
The incumbent will serve as a team member for major technical training projects, responsible for planning and directing all major phases of the Instructional Systems Design process, including needs analysis, course/program design and development, selection of instructional media and methods, and formative/summative evaluations.
Typical duties and responsibilities may include the following:
As a mid-level specialist, the incumbent is a recognized subject matter expert (SME) within the FAA and is called upon to provide leadership for highly complex and challenging activities under the minimal direction of a manager.
Applies experience and comprehensive knowledge applicable to technical training projects to plan and direct all major phases of the Instructional Systems Design process, including needs analysis, course/program design and development, selection of instructional media and methods, and formative and summative evaluations.
Serves as training SME to develop new and innovative concepts, approaches, methodologies, techniques, and policies, or as a senior project manager or team leader for large, challenging work activities. Inspires, motivates and guides others toward goal accomplishment.
Develops and sustains cooperative working relationships. Encourages and facilitates cooperation within the organization and with customer groups. Fosters commitment, team spirit, pride, and trust.
Serves as team member for new development curriculum and advising a cross-organizational council on AVS training needs in the FAA Electronic Learning Management Systems (eLMS); researching and administering the licensing of virtual training software and other programs that could enhance the delivery of AVS training; researching and acquiring or developing a standardized system to call for training, schedule, and best deliver training within each fiscal year; perform data analysis to determine effectiveness, utilization, and optimization of AVS training; and conduct business analysis to determine the cost effectiveness of proposed training, and the return on investment for current trainings offered.
Serves as a trainer for AVS courses when needed and works collaboratively with other AVS training program managers to continuously improve the entire AVS training portfolio.
Participates in establishing new policies, procedures and approaches that take into consideration FAA policies, and government-wide rules and regulations; advises senior leadership on critical, complex organizational planning and resource utilization issues; leads teams which conduct complex and controversial studies which result in authoritative recommendations to improve training; and represents the organization in dealing with officials of other FAA organizations, DOT, and other government agencies.
Performs other related duties as assigned.
Work is reviewed typically through status reports and at project completion to ensure policy compliance and alignment with requirements of projects and/or other work activities.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - The job may require travel from time- to-time, but not on a regular basis. The travel may be for training or other work-related duties.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
NA
Job family (Series)
1750 Instructional Systems
Similar jobs
Curriculum Specialists
Specialists, Curriculum
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
US Citizenship is required.
Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
This position has a positive education requirement. Transcript(s) required.
Qualifications
BASIC REQUIREMENTS: Degree that included or was supplemented by at least 24 semester hours appropriate to the work of the position to be filled. The course work must have included study in at least four of the following five areas:
Learning theory, psychology of learning, educational psychology: Study of learning theories as they relate to the systematic design, development, and validation of instructional material.
Instructional design practices: Study of the principles and techniques used in designing training programs, developing design strategy and models, and applying design methods to the improvement of instructional effectiveness.
Educational evaluation: Study of the techniques for evaluating the effectiveness of instructional/educational programs, including developing written and performance tests and survey instruments, and determining reliability and validity of evaluation instruments.
Instructional product development: Study of the techniques appropriate for developing training materials, including identifying learner characteristics, specifying objectives, applying training strategy, validating training materials, and evaluating training.
Computers in education and training: Study of the application of computers in education and training, including selecting appropriate computer software.
SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: To qualify for this position at the FV-I, FG/GS-13 levelyou must demonstrate in your application that you possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the FV-H, FG/GS-12 level. Specialized experience is experience that has equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position. Specialized experience is defined as:
Demonstrated experience using the Adobe Suite (Master Collection), including Flash, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, or other web development applications to create web based products that includes graphics, audio and video.
Demonstrated experience using web authoring software specifically Adobe Dreamweaver, Captivate, or Lectora to create and manipulate HTML5 W3C compliant content for course development.
In addition to the qualification requirements listed above, this position has a selective placement factor and a quality ranking factor for which candidates will be evaluated.
Qualifications must be met by the closing date of this vacancy announcement.
Eligible applicants meeting the minimum qualification requirements and selective factor(s), if applicable, may be further evaluated on the KSA listed in the announcement. Based on this evaluation, applicants will be placed in one of the following categories: score order, category grouping, or alphabetical and referred to the selecting official for consideration.
Education
This position has a positive education requirement: Applicants must submit a copy of their college or university transcripts(s) and certificates by the closing date of announcement to verify qualifications. If selected, an official transcript will be required prior to appointment. You may upload these documents with your application in USAJOBS or fax it to fax number provided in the announcement (please include announcement number on each page).

Failure to do so will result in loss of consideration.

Schools must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation may be verified at the following website: www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html.

Foreign education must be evaluated by a private professional organization specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials or an accredited U.S. educational institution in terms of equivalence to a degree acquired at an American college or university. A copy of the evaluation results must be included, otherwise your foreign education will not be considered.
Preview Job Questionnaire
Make sure your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications and answers to the job questionnaire.
Additional information
We may use this vacancy to fill other similar vacant positions.
Position may be subject to a background investigation.
A one-year probationary period may be required.

The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies. www.faa.gov/jobs/working_here/financial_disclosure_requirements

The U.S. Department of Transportation strives to ensure that equity, transparency, accountability, collaboration, and communication permeate all that we do for the betterment of the Department, the traveling public, and our nation. As such, DOT values a highly diverse workforce of persons who promote a culture of belonging by respecting the personal dignity and worth of each individual and fostering a positive environment where all feel safe and welcome. If these commitments coincide with your personal ideals and professional aspirations, please consider joining the DOT family.
As a part of the Federal-Wide Hiring Reform Initiative, the FAA is committed to eliminating the use of the Knowledge, Skill and Ability narratives from the initial application in the hiring process for all announcements. Therefore, as an applicant for this announcement, you are NOT required to provide a narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA.

In lieu of providing a narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA in your work history, please include information that provides specific examples of how you meet the response level or answer you chose for each KSA. Your work history examples should be specific and clearly reflect the highest level of ability. Your KSA answers will be evaluated further to validate whether the level that you selected is appropriate based on the work history and experience you provided. Your answers may be adjusted by a Human Resource Specialist as appropriate.
Some, all or none of the applicants may be interviewed.
This is not a bargaining unit position.

Links to Important Information: Locality Pay , COLA

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.


IMPORTANT: Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the on-line process must be substantiated. Ensure that your application package/resume supports your responses.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
Applicants must submit an electronic application via Aviator and upload supplemental documents (e.g. transcripts, SF-50) to application by the closing date of this announcement.

Failure to submit the application and required documentation by the closing date will result in ineligibility for consideration.

This position has a positive education requirement; college transcripts are required for ALL candidates newly appointed to the FAA in the 1750 series.

College transcripts must be submitted from current FAA employees applying for internal vacancies if they have never held a position in the, 1750 series with the FAA.

College transcripts are not required from current FAA employees who are currently occupying a 1750 series.

If selected, official transcripts are required prior to employment.

All Veterans: If you are claiming veterans' preference, you must submit either a DD Form 214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member 4 Copy or equivalent), or a document from the armed forces certifying that within 120 days you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service under honorable conditions. If you are claiming 10 point preference, you must also submit a completed SF-15, Application for 10-Point Veteran's Preference, and supporting documents outlined on the SF-15. Documents must be uploaded or faxed to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this announcement and all documents must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a non-veteran.

If you are claiming 10 point preference but fail to submit the supporting documents outlined on the SF-15, you will be tentatively assessed as a 5 point preference eligible provided your DD Form 214 reflects that you have the service required to qualify for preference. Documents must be uploaded or faxed to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this announcement and all documents must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a non-veteran.

Veterans currently on active duty claiming veterans' preference: You will be granted tentative preference if you submit a document from the armed forces certifying that within 120 days you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service under honorable conditions and your application shows that you have the required service. Prior to being appointed, you must provide to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office a DD Form 214 documenting discharge/release and showing that the service was honorable or general. If you are on terminal leave, you must provide documentation certifying authorized terminal leave.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Individuals with disabilities
Veterans
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Clarification from the agency
Also open to those eligible for 30% or More Disabled."	657	Washington
IT Security Specialist*	National Capitol Contracting (NCC)	Alexandria, VA	None	"IT Security Specialist
Responsibilities:
The ITSS has a basic understanding of the certification and accreditation (C&A) process, the development of systems security plans (SSPs) and supports more senior IA specialists with the preparation of C&A and SSP documentation.
The ITSS can also review systems for security control compliance, provide support to Information Systems Security Officers (ISSOs) and perform research and validation on security documentation.
Qualifications:

Demonstrated ability to provide security control compliance in the context of day-to-day operation and maintenance to include management, operation, troubleshooting and system/database administration of the following systems:
Basic Administration of Cisco WebEx local and cloud servers
AVOTUS Intelligent Communications Management
Circuit Management System (CMS)
vBrick Enterprise Video Solution
VTC Video Teleconferencing
EGW 911/9911 Emergency Gateway
Maintain VoIP & Telepresence Hardware including but not limited to: Cisco VoIP phones, Analog Devices, Cabling & Infrastructure for UCS maintained circuits and analog lines
Maintain presence in NOC Monday-Friday 8AM-4PM and respond to associated alerts/alarms"	657	Washington
IT Support Specialist	Deloitte	Arlington, VA	None	"Are you looking to make an immediate impact where you can help our clients solve their business challenges? Deloitte's Core Business Operations (CBO) portfolio operates at the center of our client's business. By joining our team, you could help C-suite and program leaders transform their organization and accelerate mission execution through emerging and disruptive technologies, innovative business models, retooled program operations and industry-driven solutions.
Work you'll do
Seeking an IT Support Specialist to provide exceptional support to an organization of 300+ clients, focusing on Security+, IAO Express, Active Directory, Office 365, and general customer IT support issues:
Strong working knowledge of all Microsoft Office 365 products and of the other apps on the Air Force standard desktop image, the Office client, Adobe, etc.
Use of IAO Express - used to add/remove security groups; also very useful in resolving a variety of account issues.
Understanding of Active Directory security groups.
Working with DoD CACs and associated IT access implications.
Identifying the different CAC certificates and their purposes.
An understanding of general systems design is very helpful. When troubleshooting unfamiliar issues knowing how various systems work together in general is often more helpful than familiarity with a specific system.


The team
Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
The Systems Engineering offering is comprised of experienced professionals who help guide clients through their most complex technology challenges. This can include the delivery of large scale software applications & integrated systems, the development of service-oriented architecture (SOA) and other integrations solutions, and the delivery of technology enablement to support CIO services transformation. Our Systems Engineering offering focuses on key client issues that impact the core business, provide operational value, drive down the cost of quality, and enhance technology innovation.
Qualifications
Required:

Professional experience with executive-level IT helpdesk and expertise with MS Office Suite
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Active Secret security clearance required
CompTIA Sec+ certification
Preferred:
Prior staff experience with the DoD or any other strategic-level staff
Experience with stakeholder analysis and management
Customer service - good interpersonal skills are essential
Excellent communication skills, both planning and execution of written and verbal communication
Detail orientation, and comfort with Executive Leaders
How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career."	657	Washington
Foreign Service Office Management Specialist	U.S. Department of State	Washington, DC 20520 (Foggy Bottom area)	$51,220 - $81,570 a year	"Overview
Accepting applications
Open & closing dates

05/17/2021 to 09/30/2021

Service

Excepted

Pay scale & grade

FP 06

Salary

$51,220 to $81,570 per year

Appointment type

Permanent - Permanent after tenure granted by a Foreign Service Specialist (FSS) Tenure Board.

Work schedule

Full-timeLocation
Department of State Posts - Overseas and Domestic, United States
MANY vacancies
Relocation expenses reimbursed

Yes After completing orientation and initial training in Washington, D.C., a Foreign Service Specialist usually is assigned to two consecutive overseas tours, each two years in length, directed by the Department. After the initial two tours, assignments will be for periods of one to three years overseas or in the United States.

Telework eligible

NoThis job is open to
The public

U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.

Clarification from the agency

Must be a U.S. citizen. Potential applicants should read the entire announcement to ensure they meet all requirements and understand a Foreign Service career. Applicants may not reapply for one year after their previous application for the same position. If a State Department Suitability Review Panel denied suitability in the last two years, you may not apply (except Diplomatic Security Special Agent (SA) candidates whose denial was based solely on the unique requirements for SAs).

Print
Share
Save
Announcement number

OMS-2021-0003

Control number

599670000

DutiesDuties
Summary

The U.S. Department of State is developing a rank-ordered list of eligible hires for a limited number of Foreign Service Office Management Specialist (OMS) positions. To learn more about the Department of State and a career in the Foreign Service, visit https://careers.state.gov.

There is more to the Foreign Service than just salary. Refer to the Benefits section for more information on total compensation.

This is a 9017 Foreign Service position equivalent to the 0301 CS Series.

Learn more about this agency
Responsibilities

Foreign Service Office Management Specialists (OMSes) serve key roles in U.S. embassies and consulates worldwide, as well as some domestic locations, leading and performing a wide range of administrative, operational, and technical program support functions to facilitate the overall efficiency and effectiveness the organization. The primary responsibilities of an OMS vary greatly depending on the size of the post and the particular position to which assigned. The work requires knowledge of administrative, operations, and program support principles; a strong command of the English language; superior interpersonal skills; and, in-depth knowledge of office computer software.

The following list is neither exhaustive nor in priority order; however, basic duties may include the following:

Managing the office: Develops, updates, and implements administrative and operations policies for the office/section. Develops, maintains, and tracks budgets for the office/section. Drafts project proposals and interprets and adapts guidelines for application to specific program support functions and/or problems. Conducts analysis of technical, operational, and administrative functions to make recommendations on process improvement and program effectiveness. Coordinates the acquisition of supplies, property, and office space in support of employees in the office/section. Ensures sensitive information is managed properly. Advises management on protocol matters. Coordinates emergency response efforts on behalf of an office/section and applies knowledge of security policies and procedures. Formulates and implements knowledge management and records management policies for the office/section. Develops and coordinates responses to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and Privacy Act requests. Maintains and certifies time and attendance records for employees in the office/section.
Supporting Department personnel: Manages the schedule of the principal and arranges meetings, conferences, and VIP escorts/visits/events. Advises on transportation policies, prepares travel arrangements, and finalizes travel/expense vouchers. Makes and receives calls on behalf of the principal and other employees in the office/section. Facilitates effective and efficient contact with key stakeholders, meeting participants, and internal/external officials. Speaks for the principal on administrative and operational matters, or programmatic areas within the assigned area of responsibility. Serves as a proxy for the principal in meetings or in the approval of administrative documents requiring the principal’s approval or attention.
Preparing written materials: Reviews, drafts, and responds to correspondence for approval within the area of authority, routing official communication to the appropriate points of contact. Proofreads and edits documents for accuracy, formatting, clearances, style, and compliance with regulations. Prepares and enhances documents, presentations, reports, memos, emails, and other forms of official communication.
Supporting official events: Organizes and conducts special events and functions on behalf of the section or post. Serves as control officer for official visits and manages visitor access to government events and facilities.
Supporting management of office staff: Provides advice on human resources issues, to include providing input and support for performance appraisals. Trains staff on the full scope of administrative and operations issues in the office/section. Supports mission objectives by identifying the requirements for money, manpower, facilities, and services needed to support a program or achieve policy results. Evaluates program requirements and policy goals in order to ensure program plans, schedules, and support are provided at the right time and place. Conducts special projects and/or manages a programmatic portfolio for the office/section.
Supporting information technology and records: Troubleshoots IT issues and resolves basic IT problems, to include hardware and software support. Maintains office equipment and ensures these resources are functioning as expected in order to accomplish the mission. Responsible for working with and troubleshooting issues with various internal and external software programs, including the full range of Microsoft Office applications.
Integrating with local culture: Plans and attends representational events and establishes relationships with host country personnel and other embassy interlocutors.

It is not uncommon for an OMS regularly to perform duties outside of normal business hours due to needs of the post, official visits, or as part of a regular after-hours duty rotation.

At small posts, OMSes also might be required to provide additional services as back-up Information Management Specialists (handling official telegraphic messages and diplomatic pouches), with training provided.

Travel Required

Occasional travel - A Foreign Service Specialist generally spends the majority of his/her career assigned to the Department of State's overseas missions and at times, lives away from family and/or in difficult or isolated conditions. Selected applicants will be notified of an Oral Assessment (OA) requirement in Washington D.C. For the selected applicants, all travel and other expenses incurred in connection with the OA are the sole responsibility of the applicant.

Supervisory status

Yes

Promotion Potential

02

Job family (Series)

0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program

Similar jobs
Command Center Specialists
Computer Training Specialists
Specialists, Command Center
Specialists, Computer Training
Specialists, Training
Training Specialists
Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Be a U.S. citizen and available for worldwide service.*
Be able to obtain a Top Secret Security Clearance.
Be able to obtain an appropriate Foreign Service Medical Clearance.
Be able to obtain a favorable Suitability Review Panel determination.**
Be at least 20 years old to apply; at least 21 years old to be appointed.
Be appointed prior to age 60 (preference eligible veterans excepted).***

An OMS must adhere to the highest standards of integrity, dependability, attention to detail, teamwork, and cooperation while accepting the need to travel, live overseas, and when necessary, live away from family.

Qualifications

Specialized Experience

Specialized Experience demonstrates that the applicant has acquired, and is able to apply, a combination of specific knowledge, skills, and abilities appropriate to this Foreign Service position. All qualifying Specialized Experience must be of a progressively responsible nature in office management and/or administrative functions and must have been acquired supporting one or more senior individuals. To qualify as Specialized Experience, the duties must have a combination of office management or administrative components of at least 60% of the work duties. All experience must have been performed within the last 10 years.

Examples of Specialized Experience include, but are not limited to:

Developing and implementing administrative and operations procedures.
Conducting analysis of technical, operational, and administrative functions to recommend process improvements or program effectiveness.
Formulating and implementing knowledge management and records management policies, such developing and maintaining databases and records management, capturing information, and conducting research.
Managing schedules and calendars for one or more senior staff, arranging meetings, conferences, events, and travel.
Planning and assisting with events and visitors, including tracking budgets and expenses, building and managing guest lists, submitting and monitoring supply requests, and tracking guest attendance.
Troubleshooting IT issues and providing basic computer support to include maintaining office equipment. Providing support on internal and external software programs, including the full range of Microsoft Office applications.
Preparing written materials, documents, handouts, or computer presentations (e.g. PowerPoint) for meetings, including proofing and editing documents.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Other Characteristics

The applicant's experience, education, and training must show that they have an in-depth knowledge of their field and possess the knowledge, skills, abilities, and other characteristics (KSAOs) to successfully perform OMS duties worldwide.

Interpersonal skills, including team work: Interacting effectively with others, including developing and maintaining constructive and cooperative working relationships and resolving conflicts. Working with teammates, customers, and others from widely diverse backgrounds, views, priorities, knowledge, and needs in order to cooperate to get the work done.
Customer service skills: Gathering information regarding customer requirements, assessing underlying needs, finding optimal solutions, and providing effective customer service.
Communications skills: Applicants must demonstrate a strong command of the English language, both written (overall structure as well as grammar, spelling, and punctuation) and spoken (overall structure as well as delivery, clarity, and succinctness).
Cross-cultural skills: Skill in working with people from varied backgrounds, educational levels, and cultural surroundings in order to create and maintain an amiable and success-oriented working environment. Acceptance of peoples and cultures other than your own and interest in living in such cultures.
Planning, organizing, and project management skills: Skill at organizing multiple and varied tasks into an achievable system quickly and accurately with minimal supervision in order to complete duties on time. Identifying resources, making use of limited resources, correcting or preventing known problems, anticipating challenges, establishing milestones.
Time management: Skill in time management and prioritization of work, often under conditions of tight deadlines. Utilizing time efficiently, handling multiple priorities simultaneously, judging how to prioritize and delegate work appropriately.
Problem solving and decision making/judgment: Skill in using logic and reasoning to evaluate facts, identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions, or approaches to problems, including creative and resourceful solutions, and present the alternatives in an unbiased way to others. Professional judgment and maturity to make decisions within appropriate areas of responsibility that move projects forward and enable timely achievement of section goals, including knowing when it is necessary to seek guidance from more experienced employees.
Management and supervision skills: Coordinating, scheduling, tracking, managing information flow, negotiating work priorities, supervising locally employed (LE) staff and interns. Taking initiative and showing leadership to proactively identify issues and tasks, motivate others, give guidance, and serve as a role model.
Record management skills: Creating archives, saving documents, searching, tracking paperwork, and creating and managing databases.
Computer skills: Assists and trains others on office and specialized department software and helps resolve computer-related problems as first line of support, including proactively learning new systems and changes. Knowledge at the Microsoft Office Specialist level in Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, Access or SharePoint, in order to perform tasks assigned and troubleshoot information technology issues.
Adaptability and flexibility: Changing one’s behavior to adapt to the situation and recover from setbacks and extreme job demands in a timely and positive manner to ensure effectiveness under any circumstances.
Dependability and integrity: Reliable, responsible, dependable, and conscientious at fulfilling obligations in order to perform work and assist customers. Honest and ethical in all aspects of performing the responsibilities of one’s job, regardless of the demands of the situation.
Tolerance for international career: Tolerance of worldwide availability, including intensive world travel and sometime living away from family, and tolerance for working overseas.

Note: Candidates who successfully pass the Oral Assessment (OA) must provide within 30 days of passing the OA a Microsoft Office Specialist (MOS) Certification in Word 2013 or more recent. Certifications are obtained from an authorized testing center. Information about Microsoft MOS certification can be found at www.certiport.com. It is the responsibility of the candidate to locate a testing center. All costs incurred in connection with qualifying for this position are the responsibility of the candidate. If the MOS certificate is not received within 30 days of passing the OA, the candidacy will not be continued.

Education

At the time of application, applicants must have one of the following:


A High School diploma or equivalent and three years of Specialized Experience in the last 10 years; or
An Associate’s degree in Office Management or Business Administration and two years of Specialized Experience in the last 10 years; or
A Bachelor’s or higher degree in any major and one year of Specialized Experience in the last 10 years.

If your OMST results qualify, you will be asked via email to submit documentation demonstrating your educational achievements. You must submit a copy of your high school diploma or equivalency certificate, or your university transcript(s). If you do not submit this documentation to demonstrate your educational achievements, your candidacy will not continue.

Official or unofficial transcripts may be submitted. Your transcript must include your name, the school’s name, and, if applicable, the degree and date awarded, and have no missing pages. A transcript missing any of these elements will not pass the minimum qualifications and your candidacy will not continue. Copies of diplomas may not be submitted in lieu of transcripts for education above high school level.

Education from a program or institution within the United States must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education, http://ope.ed.gov/accreditation, in order to be credited towards qualifications or your candidacy will not continue.

Education completed in foreign high schools, colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence. Only accredited organizations recognized as specializing in the interpretation of foreign education credentials that are members of the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc. (AICE) are accepted. If documentation from an accredited organization is not provided, your candidacy will not continue.

For further information on the evaluation of foreign education, please refer to the Office of Personnel Management and the U.S. Department of Education. The U.S. Department of State neither endorses nor recommends any individual evaluation service.

Additional information


EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PROGRAM (E-Verify) – Verification of employment eligibility in the United States is required.

U.S. law requires organizations to employ only individuals who may legally work in the United States – either U.S. citizens, or foreign citizens who have the necessary authorization. This agency utilizes E-Verify to compare information from the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, to data from U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Social Security Administration (SSA) records to confirm employment eligibility. If the employee’s information does not match DHS and/or SSA records, the employee is given an opportunity to resolve the problem. If eligibility cannot be verified, employment will be terminated.

**The Department of State Suitability Review Panel and standards are defined in Chapter 3 of the Foreign Affairs Manual. For more information please visit: https://fam.state.gov/.

***For more information about Veteran’s Preference and how it is applied in the selection process, please visit: http://careers.state.gov/faqs/faqs-wiki/are-veterans-given-hiring-preference-

No applicant will be considered who has previously been separated from the Foreign Service under sections §607, §608, §610 or §611 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as amended, or who resigned or retired in lieu of separation under these provisions. In addition, no applicant will be considered who has previously been separated for failure to receive a career appointment under section §306 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as amended, or who resigned or retired in lieu thereof.

A Foreign Service Specialist separated for failure to receive a career appointment under section 306 may not re-apply to be a Foreign Service Specialist in the same skill code but may apply for another skill code or to be a Foreign Service Generalist.

Executive Branch agencies are barred by 5 US Code 3303 as amended from accepting or considering prohibited political recommendations and are required to return any prohibited political recommendations to sender. In addition, as mandated by 5 US Code 3110, relatives of federal employees cannot be granted preference in competing for these employment opportunities.

It is the policy of the Federal Government to treat all employees with dignity and respect and to provide a workplace that is free from discrimination whether discrimination is based on race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity or pregnancy), national origin, disability, political affiliation, marital status, membership in an employee organization, age, sexual orientation, or other non-merit factors.

The Department of State provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodations for any part of the application or hiring process should so advise the Department at ReasonableAccommodations@state.gov, within one week of receiving their invitation to the oral assessment. Decisions for granting reasonable accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis.How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Candidates will be evaluated on their total background including experience, education, awards, training, and self-development as it relates to the position. Selection for this position will be made only from among candidates possessing the best qualifications. Part-time work experience will be prorated.

To preview questions please click here.Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance

Top Secret

Drug test required

Yes

Required DocumentsRequired Documents

Submit your application and register to take the Office Management Specialist Test (OMST) at www.pearsonvue.com/OMST. Please do not apply through USAJobs. See How to Apply for more information.

Visit www.pearsonvue.com/OMST.
Create a web account.
Follow the instructions to complete the Office Management Specialist Test (OMST) online application. (Note: Your application is automatically saved as you proceed through it. You can interrupt the application process and return to it until you submit it.)
Answer all the self-assessment questions;
Include work history for the past ten (10 years); and,
Complete the Personal Narrative questions and Statement of Interest (see below for more information).
Complete, review, and submit the application.
Your OMST online application will be used to evaluate your qualifications for this position.
You have six months to complete the application process outlined in this announcement and take the OMST. If you have not taken then OMST within six months, you must restart the application process.
Application packages must be complete before you can register for the OMST.
We strongly recommend that you go back into your application and verify that everything is completed properly.

Personal Narrative

These required questions provide an opportunity to describe examples and accomplishments from your education, life, and/or work experience that demonstrate your qualifications for becoming a Foreign Service Specialist. Examples can be drawn from any part of your professional or personal experience. Each response is limited to 300 words or fewer (maximum length 2,000 characters) for each item. You should compose your replies carefully, as one of the skills necessary to succeed as a Foreign Service Specialist is the ability to write clearly and concisely. Answers to the all of the items in the Personal Narrative and Statement of Interest are required and must be completed in the online application.

1. Substantive Knowledge: Describe your skills, knowledge, and experience in managing office policies and procedures, such as developing and implementing project proposals, budgets, or knowledge management procedures.

2. Intellectual Skills: Describe an example of how you used your proficiency in computer technology and programs, such as those in the Microsoft Office Suite or similar programs, to collect, interpret, and/or analyze data. Comment on the technology you used and how your skill with the program helped to solve a problem.

3. Interpersonal Skills: Describe a situation where you used your interpersonal skills to resolve a conflict or provide effective customer service.

4. Communication Skills: Describe an example of how you used your proficiency in oral or written communication, including foreign language skills if appropriate, to further an aim or achieve a goal.

5. Managerial Skills: Describe a situation where you had to plan, organize, and prioritize your own work, particularly where you had to handle several different tasks with close deadlines and it was important to maintain a high standard of performance. Comment on how you set priorities and allocated time, and indicate any resources you used to help prioritize tasks.

6. Leadership Skills: Describe a situation where you took initiative to resolve a problem or proposed an innovative solution. Indicate who was affected by the problem and in what way, and the nature of the difficulties faced.

Statement of Interest

Required narrative Statement of Interest which discusses your:


Motivation for joining the Foreign Service;
Relevant work experience, including any unique strengths not described elsewhere such as special skills (e.g. computer), current licenses, certifications, honors, awards, special accomplishments, and/or training (with date completed) relating to this position; and
Experience living or working in a multicultural environment, overseas or in the United States.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

BenefitsBenefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.
Opens in a new window
Learn more about federal benefits.

Benefits include health and medical coverage, federal retirement benefits, and paid leave. Overseas benefits include tax-free housing overseas, tax-free education allowance for dependent children between K-12 overseas, and an unrivaled opportunity to see the world and experience different cultures.

The salary listed is from the Foreign Service Overseas pay scale and the Washington D.C. pay scale. New hires entering with a grade level of FP-06 will receive an administrative promotion to FP-05 after 18 months.

Click here for more information on salary.

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

How to Apply

Submit your application and register to take the Office Management Specialist Test (OMST) at www.pearsonvue.com/OMST. Please do not apply through USAJobs.

Visit www.pearsonvue.com/OMST.
Create a web account.
Follow the instructions to complete the OMST online application. (Note: Your application is automatically saved as you proceed through it. You can interrupt the application process and return to it until you submit it.)
Answer all the self-assessment questions;
Include work history for the past ten (10 years); and,
Complete the Personal Narrative questions and Statement of Interest (see the Required Documents section for more information.
Complete, review, and submit the application.
Your OMST online application will be used to evaluate your qualifications for this position.
You have six months to complete the application process outlined in this announcement and take the OMST. If you have not taken then OMST within six months, you must restart the application process.
Application packages must be complete before you can register for the Office Management Specialist Test.
We strongly recommend that you go back into your application and verify that everything is completed properly.
Select an appointment to take the OMST at one of Pearson Vue's test centers. The OMST is an important part of the selection process, covering English expression, reading comprehension, and situational judgement necessary to work as an Office Management Specialist.

If you are having technical difficulty with the application process, please contact the Help Desk by calling 1-866-389-8339 (toll-free) or 1-952-905-7483, or by utilizing the Chat function on www.pearsonvue.com. The Help Desk is available Monday through Friday 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Central Time; closed on local holidays.

For more information on Foreign Service Specialist hiring processes, please visit our FAQs at http://careers.state.gov/faqs. If you have any questions regarding Foreign Service careers, please visit our careers.state.gov site and post your question(s) on the appropriate Forum in the Connect section: http://careers.state.gov/connect/forums.Agency contact information
GTM/TAC
Phone

000-000-0000

Fax

000-000-0000

Email

OMSVacancyInfo@state.gov

Address

U.S. Department of State
2201 C St NW
H518
Washington, District of Columbia 20520
United States
Learn more about this agency
Next steps

For more information on the OMS selection process, visit https://careers.state.gov/work/foreign-service/specialist/office-management-specialist-selection-process/.

Fair & Transparent
Fair & Transparent

The Federal hiring process is setup to be fair and transparent. Please read the following guidance.

Equal Employment Opportunity Policy

The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) for federal employees & job applicantsReasonable Accommodation Policy

Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process should follow the instructions in the job opportunity announcement. For any part of the remaining hiring process, applicants should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.

A reasonable accommodation is any change to a job, the work environment, or the way things are usually done that enables an individual with a disability to apply for a job, perform job duties or receive equal access to job benefits.

Under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodations when:

An applicant with a disability needs an accommodation to have an equal opportunity to apply for a job.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to perform the essential job duties or to gain access to the workplace.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to receive equal access to benefits, such as details, training, and office-sponsored events.

You can request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the application or hiring process or while on the job. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

Learn more about disability employment and reasonable accommodations or how to contact an agency.Legal and regulatory guidance
Financial suitability
Social security number request
Privacy Act
Signature and false statements
Selective Service
New employee probationary period"	657	Washington
Senior Advanced Systems Administration Specialist (SECRET)	Geologics Corporation	Fairfax, VA	None	"Senior Advanced Systems Administration Specialist job in Fairfax, Virginia is available with one of GeoLogics top Space and Intelligence companies. IN this job you will installing new software, troubleshooting, granting permissions to applications and training users. You'll also be responsible for the day-to-day support of server services by performing server administration for physical and virtual server operating systems and configuring, maintaining and troubleshooting of physical and virtual hardware and network related interfaces on servers. We'll rely on you to perform, maintain, troubleshoot and conduct a complete analysis of alerts; create scripts to automate repetitive processes; and work with customers to identify, isolate, and resolve problems with servers that are affecting other services.

What you bring to the table:
U.S. Citizen with active Department of Defense Secret security clearance
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required and 8+ years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.
Advanced understanding of complex networks & server based operating systems
Design, planning, implementation, monitoring, administering and maintaining computer networks.
Palo Alto, Cisco, Taclanes, WANs, LANs, Firewalls, switches and routers.
Linux including RHEL/CentOS, specifically secure environments. Virtualized and bare metal
Infrastructure aspects of Linux related to authentication, policy, scanning, logging, storage.
Microsoft Windows 10 desktop and Microsoft Windows 2008/2012/2019
Subject matter expert (SME) with the ability to mentor others on administrating the server environment
Enhanced troubleshooting skills within the server OS as well as both networking and storage technologies
Hands-on experience developing, deploying and supporting large-scale enterprise server solutions

What sets you apart:
Senior level knowledge of physical and virtual server support
Senior level knowledge of access, permissions and security that gives the clients the access to the data they need to perform their daily activities.
Brian Videtic
Senior Recruiter
(703) 891-6119 x5059
bvidetic@geologics.com"	657	Washington
Watch Desk Specialist - Senior	ManTech International Corporation	Springfield, VA	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Job Description:
Become an integral part of a diverse team that leads the world in the Mission, Cyber, and Intelligence Solutions group. At ManTech International Corporation, you will help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Watch Desk Specialist to join our team in the Springfield, VA area to provide unparalleled support to our customer and to begin an exciting and rewarding career within ManTech.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Provide technical assistance and support for Enterprise Watch services and provide technical assistance and support for Network services
Position requires willingness to work a 12-hour Panama Day Shift
Maintains documentation and SOPs
Monitor and support ticket workflows
Review, assign, reconcile and support the management of tickets throughout their lifecycle
Helps coordinate with IT service providers and communicates outages and plans for recovery
Monitors operational activities of all cells to maintain centralized situational awareness of the overall health of NGA IT services
Communicates the status and any incidents or concerns to ESC staff and other stakeholders
Helps coordinate with impacted mission partners and communicates outages and plans for recovery
Provides verbal and written reports to senior leadership of network status and outages
Coordinates across multiple stakeholders, including government leadership and other contracts, to ensure timely resolution of high-level outages
Position Requirements:
Bachelor's degree (in Engineering, Computer Science or related field) or equivalent experience
Five or more years of related experience in networks or system administration
Two or more years demonstrated experience monitoring operational activities in an enterprise environment
Experience coordinating with impacted mission partners and communication of outages and plans, perform stand up briefs to client
Experience with incident and change management processes and procedures
Strong verbal and written communication skills
ITIL Foundations v3 or v4 certification or demonstrated knowledge of ITIL principles
Preferred DoD 8570 IAT Level 2 compliance
Security Requirements:
An Active TS/SCI clearance is required
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	657	Washington
IT SPECIALIST (PLCYPLN)	US Defense Threat Reduction Agency	Reston, VA	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is part of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
Responsibilities
As a IT SPECIALIST (PLCYPLN) at the GS-2210-13/14 some of your typical work assignments may include:

Serves as a senior IT Specialist within the Operations & Integration Directorate, Mission Support Department, Technology Solutions Division (OI-MST) Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
Serves as Direct Operations Manager with responsibility for gathering requirements, facilitating end user process refinement, planning information technology solutions, and overseeing the implementation across the Mission IT functional areas.
Deliver MIT capability briefings to representatives from DoD, the Services, Combatant Commands, Intelligence Community, and government agencies in order to foster relationships and develop cooperative efforts.
Serves as the Subject Matter Expert (SME) of Direct Operations for the Mission Information Technology (Mission IT) within Mission Support Department, Technology Solutions Division.
Provide management and oversight of the Global Enterprise Partners (GEP), Team Phoenix, Team Avengers, Visual Modeling and Simulation (VMS), and Mission Data) Teams.
Serves as Alternate-Technical Point of Contact (ATPOC) for Mission IT (MIT). Ensuring contract compliance and oversight for contractors and conducts deliverable reviews, measure and enforce SLA standards and metrics.
Delivers Mission IT capability briefings to representatives from DOD, the Services, and Combatant Commands, Intelligence Community, and government agencies in order to foster relationships and develop cooperative efforts.
Ensure globally embedded and expeditionary Capabilities and Data Integrator (CDI) positions remain filled while pro-actively avoiding gaps in war-fighter support.
Provide advice and guidance on a wide range and variety of complex IT issues; interpreting IT policies, standards, and guidelines; conducting analyses and recommending resolution of complex issues affecting the specialty area(s); evaluating proposals for the acquisition of IT products or services; preparing and presenting reports; representing the organization in interactions with other organizations; and/or providing technical leadership on group projects.
Employee uses judgment and originality by interpreting data; planning the work; and refining the methods and techniques being used.
Manage requirements and requests for Military Training Teams (MTTs), mission support, inter-agency agreements, and globally dispersed personnel to better support Combatant Commands, Agencies, and other unit in their missions.
Also coordinates with a materiel developer to obtain information technology services; participates in change control (for example, reviewing configuration change requests); ensures appropriate product-related training and documentation are developed and made available to customers.
Reviews, coordinates and negotiates technical requirements across a wide spectrum of proponent, using, planning and implementing organizations.
Applies broad IT knowledge and extensive experience to perform responsibilities to include determining appropriate products or services with clients or customers to define project scope, requirements, and deliverables; develops, modifies, or provides input to project plans; oversees implementation of project plans to meet objectives; monitors project activities and resources to mitigate risk; and manages stakeholder expectations.
Makes improvements, solves problems, or takes corrective action when problems arise; gives presentations or briefings on all aspects of the project; participates in IPRs, design reviews, and final project reviews; identifies project documentation requirements or procedures; and facilitates IT implementation release plan
Serves as a subject matter expert in matters pertaining to information technology requirements gathering, planning, coordination with higher HQ and subordinate commands, and conducts project planning, management and implementation initiatives as assigned.
Identifies customers' information systems requirements; analyzes information systems requirements or environment; conducts analytical studies and cost-benefit analysis; evaluates, monitors, and ensures compliance with laws, regulations, policies, standards, or procedures.
Applies professional skills and knowledge to innovation of IT systems to facilitate and automate enterprise-wide business processes and collaborative capabilities across the command.
Serve as Primary Defense Travel System Action Officer and approving officer for the Technology Solutions Division.
Serve as MST's representative and manager for the Quarterly Training Requirements Board (QTRB), Quarterly Training Gap Analysis (QTGA), and Mission Essential Task List (METL).
Reviews, coordinates and negotiates technical requirements across a wide spectrum of proponent, using, planning and implementing organizations.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Travel in the performance of temporary assignments is required.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
End-User Support Specialists
Enterprise Data Manager
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. citizen
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service http://www.sss.gov
Resume and supporting documents (See How To Apply)
Suitable for Federal employment, determined by a background investigation. Must be able to obtain and maintain a TOP SECRET w/SCI security clearance.
May be required to successfully complete a probationary period
Work Schedule: Fulltime
Overtime: May be required to accommodate operational needs of the organization.
Tour of Duty: Flexible
Recruitment Incentives: Not Authorized
Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA): Exempt/Non-Exempt
Financial Disclosure: Required/Not Required
Telework Eligibility: This position is telework eligible
Must consent to and pass pre-employment drug testing and be subject to periodic drug testing thereafter.
Qualifications
You may qualify at the GS-14, if you fulfill the following qualifications:

A. One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service:
Experience with Project Management principles and practice in order to develop and assess Project Management Action Plans.
Experienced with IT policy, planning, acquisitions and management processes to identify strategic opportunities.
Experienced with employment information technology, including knowledge of computer and communications technologies.
Experienced with Global Enterprise requirements for Capabilities and Data Integrators.
You may qualify at the GS-13 if you fulfill the following qualifications:

A. One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service:
Experienced with IT policy, planning, acquisitions and management processes to identify strategic opportunities.
Experienced with employment information technology, including knowledge of computer and communications technologies.
Experienced with Global Enterprise requirements for Capabilities and Data Integrators.
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

In addition to meeting the qualification requirements for this position, all 2210 applicants must demonstrate they have experience in each of the four competencies listed below: Experience must be IT related; the experience may be demonstrated by paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training (for example, IT certification), as appropriate
Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations
Education
Substitution of education may not be used in lieu of specialized experience for this grade level.
Additional information
Re-employed Annuitant: This position does not meet criteria for re-employed annuitant. The DoD criteria for hiring Re-employed Annuitants can be found at: http://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf


All applicants must meet qualifications and eligibility criteria by the closing date of the announcement.


Interagency Career Transition Assistance Programs: This program applies to employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service or Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position; Well qualified is defined as possessing the type and quality of experience that exceeds the positions minimum qualifications. and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. For more information:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume and supporting documents, to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. We will evaluate each applicant who meets the basic qualifications on the information provided and evaluate your relevant work experiences as it relates to fundamental competencies, identified below, required for this position.

Competencies:

Data Management
Information Management
IT Program Management
Technology Awareness

Based on the results of this evaluation, you will be placed in one of the following quality categories:

Best Qualified: This highest category will be used for those candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position, including any selective placement factors and/or appropriate quality ranking factor(s), as determined by the job analysis.
Highly Qualified: This higher category will be used for those candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that exceed the minimum qualifications of the position, including any selective placement factors and/or appropriate quality ranking factor(s) as determined by the job analysis.
Qualified: This lowest category will be used for those candidates that meet the minimum qualifications of the position, including all selective placement factors and appropriate quality ranking factor(s) and are proficient in some, but not all, of the requirements of the position. Candidates may require extensive training and/or orientation in order to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position. https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/hiring-information/competitive-hiring/#url=Category-Rating

Names of the candidates in the Best Qualified category will be sent first to the hiring manager for employment consideration. Applicants in other categories will be referred in accordance with category rating procedures.


Veterans Preference: If you are entitled to veterans preference, you should indicate the type of veterans' preference you are claiming on your resume. Your veterans' preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. If you are entitled to veterans' preference and qualified for the position, your name will be placed above non-preference candidates on a list sent to the hiring manager for employment consideration. Qualified veterans' preference eligible with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category depending on the position and grade level of the job.
For information on entitlement see http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.


Military Spouse Preference: If you are entitled to military spouse preference, in order to receive this preference you must choose the spousal eligibility in your application package referencing MSP Military Spouse Preference. Your preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. If you are claiming military spouse preference and qualified for the position, your name will be placed below preference eligible veteran candidates and above non-preference candidates on a list sent to the hiring manager for employment consideration. To claim Military Spouse Preference (MSP) please complete the Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist, save the document and attach it to your application package.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Sensitive Compartmented Information
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc).
Your complete application includes your COMPLETE resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.


The following documents are REQUIRED:
1. Your resume:

Your resume may be submitted on any format. It must include your name and contact information and support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
For qualifications determinations your resume must contain the number of hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., ""HRS per week and month/year to month/year"" or ""HRS per week and month/year to present"").
For additional information see: What to include in your resume


2. Veteran's Documents:

If applying using veteran's preference or under a Veteran's hiring authority you must submit the following documents
DD214 showing character of service, SF-15 Form and VA letter showing final percentage, or certification of expected discharge or release from active duty.
PLEASE REVIEW THE BELOW LINK FOR OTHER SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS needed for proof of eligibility:

https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/FourthEstateRequiredSupportingDocumentation%2011-16-2020.pdf?ver=Lgkkn1HW9a8is7V2lyCS2Q%3d%3d

If you are claiming Military Spouse Preference, you must submit supporting documents with your application package. These documents must provide acceptable information to verify: you reside within the commuting area of your sponsor's permanent duty station (PDS); proof of marriage to the active duty sponsor, proof of military member's active duty status, and other documentation required by the vacancy announcement to which you are applying; and must meet all pre-employment criteria and be eligible for immediate noncompetitive appointment to a position in the competitive service. Documentation required: Marriage Certificate or License, Signed Self-Certification Checklist, Veterans' Preference documentation (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, Statement of Service, if applicable), Transcripts (if applicable). Additional documentation required if previously held a federal position: SF-50s (e.g., LWOP, highest grade held, overseas appointments, etc.), SF-75 Information, and documentation of performance rating of record (dated within the last 12 months)

For More Information: https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/DoDGenAppInfo.pdf
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens"	657	Washington
Operations Specialist II (Watchstander)	TENICA and Associates LLC	Washington, DC 20374 (Anacostia area)	None	"ACTIVE DOD SECRET CLEARANCE REQUIRED TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION

Position Description:

As a Operations Specialist II (Watchstander) in Navy Regional Operations Centers (Washington, DC) you will support the monitoring, collection and sharing of all aspects of information and knowledge management using Command, Control, Communications, Computer and Intelligence (C4I) tools in the Operations Centers. The requirements include maintaining 24/7 situational awareness and situational understanding in accordance with the Commander's Critical Information Requirements, local directives, and Standard Operating Procedures. Position requires working shift work (12 hours a day for 7 days; then 7 days off) working day or night shifts, and occasional surge work in support of Regional Operations.”

Responsibilities:

Provide 24/7 situational awareness and situational understanding of activities of interest in the Region
Prepare oral and written briefings and disseminate briefings
Maintain and track status of equipment in ROC
Provide immediate response to situations requiring immediate action or notification regarding ongoing activities in Region
Support crisis action management in support of Region operations
Screen, categorize and distribute incoming messages
Control access into the Regional Operations Center
Execute Continuity of Operations activities
Prepare execute summaries and other reports as directed and required by policy and Standard Operating Procedures
Receive and process information into situational awareness displays
Provide all-hazards warnings
Coordinate with core Protection Ashore capabilities including Fire and Emergency Services, Anti-Terrorism, and Emergency Management staffs

Qualifications:

Secret Clearance
Knowledge of DOD Title 10 responsibilities desired
Knowledge of Navy/DOD organization, role of CNIC, and Navy/DOD mission
Demonstrate the ability to analyze information and make recommendations under rapidly changing conditions
Demonstrate the ability to articulate complex issues and resolutions both orally and verbally
Ability to work as part of a multi-disciplinary team
Outstanding organizational skills, attention to detail, and the ability to prioritize, meet deadlines and work under constant pressure
Skills in applying complex fact-finding, analytical, and problem solving methods and techniques
Skill in written and oral communications sufficient to prepare and present findings and recommendations to senior officials
Ability to work multiple actions concurrently
Must be a U.S. Citizen


Education and/or Experience:

High School diploma required, Bachelor's Degree desired
Ten Years of Military Experience Recommended
Five years DOD or DHS operations center environment experience recommended

Requirements/Abilities:

 Experience using Navy Protection Ashore C4I Suite desired

 Must complete the following on-line courses before work start date:

FEMA Course ICS 100, Introduction to Incident Command System
FEMA Course ICS 200, ICS for Single Resources/Initial Action
FEMA Course IS-700, National Incident Management System
FEMA Course IS-800, National Response Plan

Geographic Location: Washington, DC

Travel: Minimal

TENICA and Associates is a provider of government services and consulting solutions in the areas of national defense, homeland and cyber security. TENICA provides knowledgeable and experienced subject matter experts to perform a variety of professional services, logistics and supply chain management, crisis prevention and response, and information technology solutions to solve dynamic security challenges. Founded in 2008 and based in Chantilly, Virginia, TENICA is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, Small Business (SDVOB and WOSB) and is a participant in the Small Business Administration’s 8(a) business development program. www.TENICA.biz.

TENICA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability."	657	Washington
Senior Information Technology Specialist (Cybersecurity)	US Government Accountability Office	Washington, DC	$97,481 - $136,749 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in GAO’s Information Technology & Cybersecurity (ITC) team, Center for Enhanced Cybersecurity (CEC) in Washington, DC. The incumbent serves as a Senior IT Specialist (Cybersecurity) performing technical IT security assessments at organizations of audit interest. The incumbent also serve as an individual contributor on an engagement team performing a range of duties that typically include taking the responsibility for a technical cybersecurity segment of the engagement.

Responsibilities
Takes a lead role in conducting access controls assessments that requires detailed technical testing and verification of controls in complex, diverse and interconnected network environments at organizations of audit interest. Controls assessments includes but not limited to penetration testing tools and techniques, boundary protection, identification and authentication, authorization, cryptography, audit and monitoring, configuration management, and software development.
At the direction of the Assistant Director (AD) and the Auditor-In-Charge (AIC), works collaboratively with other team members in the planning and timely execution of information systems general and application controls assessments. This includes involvement in the engagement design, data collection, analysis, message development and drafting segments of products that are technically accurate, complete and appropriately targeted to the product audience.
Conducts analysis of data collection efforts that includes conducting interviews with technical staff, independent testing and verification of controls, and reviews of relevant technical documentation and data. Documents results in a clear, balanced, and objective manner that meets the needs of congressional clients and conforms to all audit requirements and quality standards.
Presents results orally and in writing to technical and managerial audiences internal to GAO and at external organizations of audit interest.
Responsible for the maintenance, configuration, and reliable operation of computer systems that may include servers, network devices, virtualization, and laptops.
Serves as a coach and mentor to Band I IT Analysts and Professional Development Program (PDP) staff.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Occasional travel may be required.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
NA
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen
You may be required to submit a financial disclosure statement.
You must be suitable for federal employment.
Employees new to GAO must complete a two year probationary period.
Registered for Selective Service, if applicable. (www.sss.gov)
You must meet all qualifications requirements before the announcement closes.
Qualifications
Basic Requirements:
Applicants must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below:

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

AND

Specialized Experience: Applicants must have 1 year (52 weeks) of specialized experience at the next lower band or level equivalent to the PE-I or PT-II band level, or GS-12 level in the Federal Service, or comparable private/public sector experience which has equipped the applicant with the skills and knowledge to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience for this position is extensive experience in three or more of the following areas:

(1) assessing cybersecurity posture of enterprise networks and systems;

(2) using vulnerability assessment tools and techniques;

(3) managing multiple operating system environments (for example, Linux and command line, Microsoft and PowerShell, and virtualization environments);

(4) coding and scripting (for example, Java, C and Python);

(5) networking technologies such as firewalls, routing, switching and intrusion detection;

(6) managing cloud resources and security (for example, Amazon Web Services and Azure); and

(7) conducting computer forensics.

Specialized experience for this position also includes working collaboratively and effectively in a highly technical team environment, developing detailed plans and schedules, identifying risks, preparing supporting documentation, and presenting results/briefings to senior management officials.

NOTE: Your application should clearly show your possession of the specialized experience qualification requirement and the four competencies listed above.

You must meet all qualification requirements before the announcement closes.
Education
There is no education requirement for this position.
Additional information
This is a bargaining unit position.

Based on the staffing needs, additional selections may be made through this vacancy announcement.

Travel and relocation expenses will not be paid for by the GAO.

The U.S. Government Accountability Office’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunity for all regardless of race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, or gender identity.

The U.S. GAO is part of the Legislative Branch of the Federal government. As such, all positions are in the excepted service. Initial appointments, permanent or indefinite, to the GAO require completion of a one-year or two-year probationary period.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Applicants will be considered for selection throughout the opening period. Your resume and supporting documents will be reviewed to determine if you are qualified and eligible. If you are determined to be qualified and eligible for the position, your application will be referred to the selecting official for further consideration.

All applicants will be rated based on their responses to the assessment questions, in conjunction with the following Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA’s):

Extensive knowledge of one of more of the following IT technical areas: Linux operating systems and the command line interface, Windows operating systems and PowerShell, networking and wireless technologies, web-based systems and applications, coding and scripting, virtual servers and cloud technologies, or database systems.
Extensive knowledge of federal and industry IT security standards and guidelines, and vulnerability assessment methods including the use of penetration tools and techniques, use of vulnerability scanners and scripting tools that can be used to assess the security posture of organizations of audit interest. Ability to think critically, comprehend and apply federal and industry standards and guidelines to audited controls as compliance criteria.
Mastery in collecting, analyzing and evaluating cybersecurity-related quantitative and qualitative data collected from various sources to make logical inferences and/or draw accurate conclusions to identify problems and solutions for improvement, by leveraging knowledge in one or more of the following cybersecurity- related areas: cybersecurity policies and laws; best practices for protecting computer systems and data from cyber-attack; cyber incident detection, response, and mitigation capabilities; cybersecurity of critical infrastructures; and information assurance/ information security best practices.
Skill in researching and organizing evidence findings and prepare information in a concise and structured manner to communicate recommendation to target audiences.
Skill in communicating orally and in writing to prepare reports, lead and participate in Interviews and meetings and to make presentations to agency officials, Congressional staff and others. By way of definition, oral communication may include methods used by employees with disabilities such as sign language interpretation, text-to-speech or TTY technology, and amplification devices.
Ability to work collaboratively with other team members and to prioritize work while working on multiple engagements and other tasks simultaneously.
Possess or ability to obtain technical industry certifications such as Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), SANS cybersecurity certifications, or vendor specific certifications (Red Hat, Microsoft, Cisco, Splunk, etc...).


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You must provide a complete application package which includes:

Resume: must be created using the USAJOBS resume builder and show relevant work experience.
Current or former federal employees may submit their most recent Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent), showing tenure, type of service (competitive/excepted) and the highest grade held.

Failure to submit any of the above mentioned required documents will result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Individuals selected will be eligible for a full range of federal employment benefits including vacation and sick leave, retirement coverage and Thrift Savings Plan, and health and life insurance. A complete list of benefits is available on the web at

http://www.gao.gov/careers/benefits.html
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
This vacancy is being advertised under Direct Hire Authority. https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/hiring-information/direct-hire-authority/"	657	Washington
Solutions Architect – Security Specialist	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Arlington, VA	$122,300 a year	"
Background in any of the following: Security Architecture, Compliance Frameworks, Security Operations, or DevSecOps
Technical Degree (Computer Science, Maths, Engineering or equivalent) and/or relevant tech experience
Fluent English written and verbal communication skills
A passion for technology and for learning

Do you like helping government and education customers architect systems and solve technical problems? Do you have a knack for helping customers to build a deep understanding of new cloud platforms and new application architectures, and the consultative and leadership skills to launch cloud computing projects on trajectories to success? Do you want to be part of the business development team helping to establish Amazon Web Services as a leading technology platform?
As a Public Sector Specialist Security Specialist Solution Architect within Amazon Web Services public sector business development, you will have the opportunity to shape and deliver on a strategy to build mind share and broad usage of AWS's utility computing services within public sector organizations, as well as the larger public sector partner ecosystem, the growth and training of which will be one of your main objectives. You would be a member of a dynamic team bringing the latest in disruptive, cutting-edge cloud security technologies to bear on the difficult IT problems facing national, regional, and local governments, as well as educational institutions and NGOs.

As a part of the business development and sales team within the larger Worldwide Public Sector organization based near Washington DC, you will help remove security blockers and accelerate the adoption of AWS as the leading cloud technology platform in the public sector worldwide. You will participate in the creation and sharing of security best practices, technical content and new reference architectures (e.g. white papers, code samples, blog posts) and evangelize and educate partners and customers about AWS security capabilities and technology (e.g. through workshops, user groups, meetups, public speaking, online videos, or conferences).

Candidates have a mix of communication, presentation and technical skills, and will have the ability to engage with customers at different levels in the organization, from executive to developer. Previous experience with AWS is desired but not required, provided you have experience building large scale solutions. You will get the opportunity to work directly with senior engineers within AWS service teams influencing their roadmaps and driving innovation, as well as with customers and partners.

Roles and responsibilities

Work with AWS customers to convey cloud computing security, compliance, and risk management best practices
Work with other teams within AWS to drive workload adoption
Develop technical content, such as white papers and reference architectures, that can be used by our customers to assist them in deploying secure and compliant cloud-based solutions
Provide mentorship across AWS sales and solutions architecture teams regarding security and compliance to build skills in the field
Support go-to-market planning for security services
Represent AWS security services and solutions at trade events by delivering presentations and workshops
Be the customers trusted advisor, helping them learn and use AWS security services such as Amazon Identity and Access Management (IAM), Amazon GuardDuty, AWS Security Hub, Amazon Macie, AWS Key Management System, AWS CloudHSM, AWS Organizations, AWS Artifact, AWS WAF, and others
Serve as a key member of the business development and account management team in helping to ensure customer success in securely building and migrating applications, software and services on the AWS platform

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.


Experience designing, building, or operating large scale IT security systems - either on premises or in the cloud
Working knowledge of cloud native security architectures and best practices
Knowledge of a modern programming language (Python, JavaScript, Go, .Net, Rust, Java, etc.) and/or scripting, Infrastructure as Code etc.
In-depth working knowledge in technology domain such as data protection, threat detection, edge security, and compliance
Experience working in a customer-facing role or a role which involved public speaking
AWS certification (e.g. AWS Solutions Architect Associate, Security Speciality or Professional) or other industry certification (e.g. CISSP, CCSP, etc.)
A background working in a regulated industry such as financial services, healthcare or defense
Managing a certification or accreditation (PCI-DSS, ISO 27001, C5, etc.)
Track record of implementing AWS services in a variety of business environments such as large enterprises and start-ups

AWS Certifications, e.g. AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate, AWS Solutions Architect - Professional
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

San Francisco, CA: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Los Angeles, CA: Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
For employees based in Colorado, this position starts at $122,300/yr. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. For more information regarding Amazon benefits, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/benefits. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site."	657	Washington
Senior Intelligence Liaison Officer (SILO)/Security Specialist III	Ruchman and Associates, INC	Washington, DC	None	"Ruchman and Associates, Inc. is seeking Senior Intelligence Liaison Officer (SILO)/Security Specialist III for contract support of the United States Marshals Service (USMS), Judicial Security Division (JSD). The SILO will assist the USMS management and other staff members in all office activities and operations as assigned. The individual will be assigned to the National Joint Terrorism Task Force (NJTTF) to provide support and serve as an intermediary to the Judicial Security Division (JSD) Office of Protective Intelligence (OPI) and to other USMS offices as appropriate. The individual will interact with representatives of other law enforcement and intelligence agencies, as well as the senior leadership of the NJTTF. The individual will review available intelligence information on a daily basis and identify intelligence that could potentially impact the USMS. They will then further query the source agency of this intelligence, analyze it as to the potential threat it poses to persons or property protected by the USMS, prepare reports, make recommendations to mitigate the potential threat, and pass this information to OPI. In addition the individual will serve as a conduit for information or requests for information from the USMS, through OPI, to NJTTF components or agencies with the goal of mitigating threats. The individual will be physically located at the NJTTF in the operational section. As such, they will have interaction in NJTTF investigations that impact the USMS and its protective responsibilities. Through the course of this investigative interaction, they may conduct some operational intelligence and investigative functions with other NJTTF counterparts with permission of the USMS.
Responsibilities:
Administer security projects nationwide.
Assist with and/or perform technical surveys, system specifications, and recommend measures to ensure safe proceedings in judiciary facilities and to reduce the prospect of security risks;
Identify security risks, analyze and manage those risks, and specify system requirements and procedural measures to ensure a safe working environment at USMS and Judicial facilities;
Conduct evaluations of security designs;
Conduct inspections and compare security equipment designs to established standards;
Ensure vehicle barriers, X-ray machines, walk-through metal detectors, and other technical security systems are fully operational;
Evaluate a wide variety of equipment, systems, and products for security vulnerabilities and conduct operational testing of security systems;
Perform extensive travel throughout the U.S. and its territories to service USMS facilities;
Use CAD or equivalent software to create detailed 2D or 3D designs for complex projects Collaborate with others to establish timelines and budgets, as well as solve problems
Help guide equipment and material logistics – shipping, receiving, Bill-of-Materials (BOM) preparation;
Use computer networking to monitor equipment and share information and data;
Administer equipment inventory – tracking, spare parts, ordering;
Organize workshops, shop tools, equipment, parts, and supplies;
Test new-generation technical security equipment;
Train security personnel as required; and Produce a variety of written documents including well-crafted memoranda, trip reports, email communications, security surveys or technical reports detailing specific services planned or performed

Requirements:
Required to maintain status as a Special Deputy United States Marshal and carry a USMS issued firearm.
Must be able to pass USMS facilty and NJTTF facility clearance requirements, and must have Active Clearance.
A BA/BS Degree in a Criminal Justice related field or a BA/BS in an unrelated field and two years of law enforcement intelligence experience. A successful candidate will likely have three to five years of law enforcement intelligence experience.
Knowledge of the intelligence process and the following disciplines: Protective Investigations, Judicial Security practices and procedures, knowledge of the scope and limitations of USMS protective responsibilities, Fugitive Investigations, Justice Prisoner and Alien Transport System (JPATS), USMS Special Operations Group responsibilities, knowledge of USMS Witness Security practices, knowledge of prisoner detention practices and requirements, USMS District Operations, Joint Terrorism Task Force and National Joint Terrorism Task Force responsibilities.
Ability to apply inductive, deductive, and conductive reasoning.
Ability to analyze and evaluate raw data in order to produce actionable intelligence and formal documents.
Ability to communicate factual information and ideas in English, clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing, often under pressure and tight deadlines.
Time management, organization and prioritization skills.
Ability to meet with and deal effectively with people.
Ability to build and maintain relationships with internal employees as well as outside sources.
Attention to detail.
Communication skills.
Exhibit a high level of confidentiality.
Ability to quickly and effectively adapt to change.
Ability to qualify with a USMS approved duty weapon on a USMS approved course of fire on a semiannual basis, upon receiving proper instruction and guidance.
Proficient in the use of the National Crime Information Center, the National Law Enforcement Teletype System, DHS Online, SIPRNET, JWICS, the Homeland Security Data Network and have familiarity with the USMS Justice Detainee Information System.
Knowledge of Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office Suite to include Word,
Outlook, Excel, and PowerPoint."	657	Washington
Senior Security Specialist	Advantage SCI	Washington, DC	None	"Job Level : Any
Job Type : Full-Time/Regular
Date Updated : 12/21/2020
Years of Experience : Not Applicable
Job Description
Job Title: Senior Security Specialist

Reports To: Program Manager and Customer

Work Location: Washington, D.C.

Clearance: Active Top Secret/SCI

Available Start Date: ASAP


Advantage SCI, LLC is seeking Security Specialist candidates to be considered for employment to support a government agency in Washington, DC.


The Personnel Security Specialist is responsible for applying agency or organizational regulations regarding the type of personal security check required (i.e., national agency check, special background investigation, etc.) and requesting an investigation from the appropriate organization. In carrying out personnel security work, the specialist performs such tasks as evaluating the sensitivity determination for each position, as described by management based on need-to-know principles. Personnel security specialists review, evaluate, and adjudicate reports of investigations, personnel files, and other records to determine whether to grant, deny, revoke, suspend, or restrict security clearances consistent with national security and/or suitability issues. They determine the adequacy and completeness of the investigation and of other means by which data were collected; evaluate the authenticity, veracity, and pertinence of the data to the case at hand; and request additional investigations or develop other information if needed. Security specialists recommend or decide whether security clearances should be granted, suspended, revoked, or denied. Personnel security specialists provide authoritative information and assistance to organization officials by advising on personnel security policies and related matters and on the impact of personnel security requirements on organizational missions. Specialists also advise management on matters about reinvestigation requirements, personnel assurance programs (i.e., ongoing checks on employee reliability), and related matters concerning the maintenance of current clearances and monitoring the reliability of the work force.

Experience and Skills
Active Top Secret/SCI ClearanceMust have 3-5 years’ experience in related discipline;
Must have good working knowledge of JADE, Scattered Castles, and Joint Personnel Adjudicative System (JPAS) databases;
Must have a working knowledge of applicable security policy manuals, Intelligence Community Directives and manuals, Electronic Questionnaire for Investigation Processing (E-QIP) software, and other pertinent documents;
Must have a working knowledge with conducting security checks utilizing the Treasury Enforcement Communications System (TECS), National Crime Information Center Database, and CIS Database;
Candidate must be capable of multi-tasking and working in a high-tempo environment;
Must possess excellent oral and written communications skills;
Must have exceptional interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff, and visitors; and
Excellent customer relations skills required. Ability to collaborate with a team of non?
supervisory personnel on matters relating to personnel security program objectives,

priorities and deadlines preferred.


 Working Conditions:
Able to sit and work at a computer keyboard for extended periods of timeAble to stoop, kneel, bend at the waist and reach on a daily basisAble to lift up to 35 pounds occasionallyNoise level: Low to moderate


Advantage SCI, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11246 Prohibits discrimination against any employee or applicant on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, or national origin and requires affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed, and employees treated, without regard to race, sex, color, genetic information, religion, or national origin. (Enforcement Agency: U.S. Department of Labor, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs)"	657	Washington
Security and Privacy Specialist / Analyst	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Security and Privacy Specialist / Analyst (Job Number: 050560)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking a Senior Associate to join its Cyber service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Senior Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.
Primary Responsibilities:
Grant Thornton is looking for a well-qualified Security Specialist for the client. Performs assessment of present levels of security, defines acceptable levels of risk, trains all personnel in proper cyber hygiene and establishes formal maintenance procedures. Performs privacy impact assessments and provides personally identifiable information (PII) data security and monitoring, migration strategies, and System Privacy Plans for systems. Identifies potential vulnerabilities to cyber and information security using penetration testing and red teams. Provides technologies for identification, modeling and predictive analysis of cyber threats.
The primary responsibility of the Security Specialist is to help clients securely build custom software applications in current and potential Virtual Machine and Cloud-hosted environments using secure coding. The Security Specialist must effectively plan, administer, and document penetration testing of built and managed applications while rapidly addressing potential vulnerabilities. The Security Specialist must also manage mitigations to protect applications and networks. The Security Specialist shall provide oversight for comprehensive expert security and networking support to the CIO by:
develop and deliver on an Authority to Operate (ATO) and POA&M
ensures security documentation is always updated. Security documentation can include: CMP, IRP, IRP Test, ISCP, ISCP Test, DRP, DRP Test, PTA, PIA, RA, SSP, SA
determining the impact of new technologies, software versions, or federal policy changes to application builds, web, networking, maintenance based tools, virtual, and Cloud environments, in accordance with 508 compliance;
providing expert analysis and documentation for various analytical efforts focused on Office security processes and procedures;
providing timely feedback to federal IT employees and appointed collaborative contractors for business, infrastructure, and cloud hosting providers;
contributing to the further development, enhancement, and implementation of Office information systems, security assessments, communication plans, strategic and tactical goals, and objectives
conducting mandated security vulnerability scanning and penetration testing
identifying and developing security performance management metrics and reporting that includes performance measures, tracking metrics, and trend analysis;
recommending development and maintaining monthly, quarterly, and annual FISMA reporting documents;
Secondary Responsibilities:
Supporting and preparing documents for submission such as Security reports, Authorization to Operate (ATO), System Security Plan and Certification and Accreditation
Using Office and agency approved tools, maintaining FISMA documentation, artifact inventory, and Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M) reports and testing in required format;
preparing FISMA reporting documents monthly, quarterly, and annually as required;
reporting on FISMA information systems and submitting POA&M reports monthly;
maintaining a tracking system of all Office federal IT and Office Change Control Board (CCB) information and relatable security and IT project-related deliverables (regularly scheduled and ad hoc implementations);
contributing to the further development, enhancement, and implementation of Office audit responses to federal ad hoc reporting requirements;
updating security project charters and project management plans monthly, quarterly, and yearly as required;
participating in special projects as required
being available 24/7 to respond to system outages; and security incidents;
Preparing meeting agenda’s, minutes, and diagrams as required by client Office CIO and ISSO; and contributing to the further development, enhancement, and implementation of client Office and federally mandated compliance initiatives and policies such as but not limited to:
Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12 (HSPD-12)
Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS)
Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA NIST Risk Management Framework (RMF)
SP 800-53 and 53A Revision 4 (Security and Privacy Controls)
NIST SP 800-137 Information Security Continuous Monitoring (ISCM) for Federal Information Systems and Organizations
NIST Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) Validated Products
Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP)
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
Qualifications

Required Capabilities: Cybersecurity Strategy & Advisory
Required Skills: Testing Management
At least 4 Years of experience and a degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business or a scientific or technical discipline related to a specific field, as well as additional applicable certifications related to the position.
Detailed NIST and FISMA work experience

Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.
Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	657	Washington
Senior Document Specialist	ABBTECH Professional Resources	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	Senior Document SpecialistLocation: Ft. Belvoir, VAClearance: Top SecretPerforms declassification review of Army records in accordance with Executive order 13526, as amended. The position requires people who have excellent reading and comprehension skills, understand records management and have over SEVEN years of experience working in the declassification or records management areas.Provide on-site technical support services to U.S. Army Management and Declassification Agency. Weekly progress reports shall be submitted in by each individual working under this contract to the Hexagon US Federal project coordinator.QualificationsOn-site representative will be trained and skilled in overall computer systems and applications. Each on-site representative will meet certification level requirements to the level as required and defined in GSA contract.Completion of specialized training in E.O. 13526 requirements, the declassification analysis process, use of classification guides, recognition of Army equities, proper disposition of documents reviewed and mastery of automated tools and tracking system.Completion of training by Department of Energy and be certified as Historical Records Reviewers for the purpose of identifying Restricted Data and Formerly Restricted Data in documents under review.Must be able to recognize equities from other agencies and make proper referrals of documents to those agencies.All on-site representatives are required to hold current United States of America citizenship. TOP SECRET security clearance is required to perform this task.Must have a bachelor degree from an accredited college or university with at least seven (7) years of experience in the field of specialized expertise with respect to Army Records Management or similar DoD programs / projects. Additional years of experience may be substituted for lack of degree.ABBTECH is an EOE/Minorities/Women/Disabled Individuals/VeteransJob Type: Full-timePay: $0.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Security Clearance Required:Top Secret (Required)Work Remotely:No	657	Washington
IT Project Manager	US DHS Headquarters	Washington, DC	$87,198 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Department of Homeland Security, Office of Operations Coordination.

The primary purpose of this position is to serve as an IT Project Manager to conduct work that involves the planning and delivery of customer support services, including installation, configuration, troubleshooting, customer assistance and/or training, and customer advocacy in response to customer requirements, as well as performing information systems security compliance duties..
Responsibilities
As a IT Project Manager GS 2210 12/13, your typical work assignments may include:

Conducts program management activities for oversight and advocacy of support for unclassified and classified networks and telecommunications systems, and unique Local Area Network systems.
Assists in the development and implementation of information systems security plans and procedures; and evaluates, monitors and ensures compliance with laws, regulations, policies, standards or procedures.
Designs or conducts analytical studies, cost-benefit analysis, or other research to establish requirements, formulate projects to meet gaps in requirements, develop, test and implement new technologies, and address and resolve critical Information Technology problems or issues.
Develops plans for the consolidation or integration of systems and other mission requirements into the overall organization enterprise, and addresses requirements, migration, communications, collaboration, and training activities with appropriate stakeholders including end users.
Obtains cooperation and support to resolve policy and information sharing program issues among stakeholders within and outside the department including other Federal organizations, state and local government officials, external groups, and key government and private sector individuals.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Technology Project Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. citizen to apply for this position.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for Selective Service
You must successfully pass a background investigation
You must be able to obtain a Top Secret with SCI Security Clearance
You must submit to a pre-employment drug test
Current federal employees must meet time-in-grade requirements.
Applying to this announcement certifies that you give permission for DHS to share your application with others in DHS for similar positions.
Qualifications
Specialized Experience:

To qualify for the GS-12 level, applicants must have the following: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level in the Federal service (obtained in either the public or private sectors). This experience must include activities such as: 1) participating in managing integrated IT systems, 2), planning and delivering customer support services, including installation, configuration, troubleshooting, customer assistance, and Information Technology training, 3), evaluating the feasibility of adapting new methods to enhance customer support and customer satisfaction, and 4) assisting to prepare briefings and reports to senior managers on multifaceted Information Technology issues.
Note: The contents of your resume must fully and explicitly support this response in its entirety. Otherwise, you will be found ineligible.

Substitution of education in lieu of specialized experience may not be used for this grade level

To qualify for the GS-13 level, applicants must have the following:
One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 level in the Federal service (obtained in either the public or private sectors). This experience must include activities such as: 1) serving as a subject matter expert in the design, development, and management of integrated systems to meet current and future requirements, 2) leading planning efforts for the delivery of customer support services, including installation, configuration, troubleshooting, customer assistance, and Information Technology training, 3) independently evaluating, leading or managing studies for the feasibility of adapting new methods to enhance customer support and customer satisfaction, and 4) communicating orally and in writing to prepare and provide briefings and reports to senior managers on multifaceted Information Technology issues.
Note: The contents of your resume must fully and explicitly support this response in its entirety. Otherwise, you will be found ineligible.

Substitution of education in lieu of specialized experience may not be used for this grade level

In addition to the minimum qualifications described above, you must meet the following requirement(s) to be considered qualified for the position:
Applicants must demonstrate on their resume that they have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below.
1. Attention to Detail- Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
2. Customer Service- Works with clients and customers to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; and is committed to providing quality products and services.
3. Oral Communication- Expresses information to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information; makes clear and convincing oral presentations.
4. Problem Solving- Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. Substitution of education in lieu of specialized experience may not be used for this grade level.

All qualifications and eligibility requirements must be met by the closing date of the announcement.

Time-in-grade
Current General Schedule (GS) federal employees, and those that have served in GS positions within the last 52 weeks, must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade, or a combination of the next lower grade level and an equivalent band in the federal service by the closing of this announcement.

Note: Current or former Federal employees MUST submit a copy of their SF-50 Form which shows competitive service appointment (""position occupied"" block 34 on the SF-50 should show a ""1""), tenure group (block 24 should show a 1 or 2), grade, and salary. If you are applying for a higher grade, please provide the SF-50 Form which shows the length of time you have been in your current/highest grade (examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, With-in Grade/Range Increases, and SF-50s dated a year apart within the same grade/job). If you have promotion potential in your current position, please provide proof. Employees applying with an interchange agreement must provide proof of their permanent appointment. IF YOU DO NOT SUBMIT ALL OF THE REQUIRED DOCUMENTATION, YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE CONSIDERATION AS A STATUS CANDIDATE.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Current or Former Political Appointees: The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.
Education
Not Applicable
Additional information
DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select ""Benefits."" Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more.

Pursuant to Executive Order 12564 and DHS policy, DHS is committed to maintaining a drug-free workplace and, therefore, conducts random and other drug testing of its employees in order to ensure a safe and healthy work environment. Headquarters personnel in safety- or security-sensitive positions are subject to random drug testing and all applicants tentatively selected for employment at DHS Headquarters are subject to drug testing resulting in a negative test result.

This position may be filled at the GS-12 or GS-13 level. If selection is made at the GS-12 level, promotion to the GS-12 level may occur without further competition.
Promotion Potential: GS-13
.
Selectee may be required to serve a one-year probationary period
Permanent Change of Duty Station (PCS) Expenses will not be paid.

If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration of Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment.

Multiple selections may be made from this announcement.

Interviews are required for this position. Failure to complete the interview may result in removal from further consideration

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Land Management Eligible: Applicable to Merit Promotion JOAs that are accepting applications from individuals within or outside the agency's workforce. Please include the hiring path for Land and Base Management: Current and former employees of a land management agency who were initially hired at a land management agency under a time-limited appointment in the competitive service.

We will review your resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, your experience, education and training will be rated https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11125872 based on the following competencies or knowledge, skills and abilities needed to perform this job:
Customer Service, Oral Communication, Telecommunications, and Writing

If you are the best qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview. To preview the job questionnaire and application, click https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11125872

Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA): To be eligible for a VEOA appointment, the veteran must be 1) be a preference eligible; or 2) be a veteran separated after 3 or more years of continuous active service performed under honorable conditions. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this announcement. (Note: Veteran's preference does not apply under Merit Promotion procedures. View VEOA information on Feds Hire Vets.

If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have overstated your qualifications and/or experience, you will be removed from consideration or your score will be lowered.

Consideration may be given to performance appraisals and incentive awards as an indicator of quality of prior experience. No points will be awarded.

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) Eligibles: If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not ICTAP eligible. View information about ICTAP eligibility on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered well qualified under ICTAP, you must be rated at a minimum score of 85 for this position. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this announcement.

The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps / VISTA volunteers, and people with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility and to understand the documentation that would be required with your application, click on the links above and contact the servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Top Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Your resume NOTE: For what to include in the resume, click on the link:
Your responses to the job questionnaire https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11125872
Are you a current or former federal employee? Submit your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action that demonstrates your eligibility for consideration, e.g., length of time you have been in your current grade; your highest grade held; your current promotion potential and proof of permanent appointment if applying based on an interchange agreement. Examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, within-grade increases ands accessions.
Are you a veteran? Submit Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 or other (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty) and/or documentation of service connected disability. If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions. View more veterans' information.
Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP)?
Submit the following:
A copy of your agency notice,A copy of your most recent performance rating\, andA copy of your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, noting your current position, grade level, and duty location

8. Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee?
Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent political appointment:
Position titleType of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee)AgencyBeginning and ending dates of appointment.

9. Are you applying under special hiring authorities as a military spouse?
Provide a copy of your:Marriage certificate, andYour spouse's PCS or A completed SF-15 with supporting documentation.

10. Are you applying under Schedule A hiring authority for persons with severe disabilities? Provide: Evidence of your intellectual disability, severe physical disability, or psychiatric disability obtained from a licensed medical professional (e.g., a physician or other medical professional certified by a state, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. territory to practice medicine); a licensed vocational rehabilitation specialist (i.e., state or private); or any Federal agency, state agency, or agency of the District of Columbia or a U.S. territory that issues or provides disability benefit.

11. You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and/or incentive awards.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Clarification from the agency
Merit Promotion, Status Candidates, Former Overseas Employees, CTAP/ICTAP, VRA (USE FOR GS-11 AND BELOW), VEOA, 30% or More Disabled, EVHO, Individuals with Disabilities, Schedule A, Military Spouses, Peace Corps, Americorps, Vista, Interchange Agreement Eligibles, Land Management."	657	Washington
Senior Specialist, Federal ServiceNow Development	KPMG	Washington, DC 20006 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"The KPMG Advisory practice is currently our fastest growing practice. We are seeing tremendous client demand, and looking forward we don't anticipate that slowing down. In this ever-changing market environment, our professionals must be adaptable and thrive in a collaborative, team-driven culture. At KPMG, our people are our number one priority. With a wealth of learning and career development opportunities, a world-class training facility and leading market tools, we make sure our people continue to grow both professionally and personally. If you're looking for a firm with a strong team connection where you can be your whole self, have an impact, advance your skills, deepen your experiences, and have the flexibility and access to constantly find new areas of inspiration and expand your capabilities, then consider a career in Advisory.
KPMG is currently seeking a Senior Specialist to join our Federal Advisory practice.
Responsibilities:
Perform configuration, integration, custom programming, and other hands-on technical activities in relation to implementation of ServiceNow
Implement ServiceNow customization's including: UI Policies, UI Actions, Business Rules, Client Scripts, workflow administration, and data import
Participate in full software development life cycle: Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Training, and Operational support
Serve as an individual contributor or team member on KPMG ServiceNow engagements
Qualifications:
A minimum of three years of ITSM or ServiceNow Development experience; U.S. Federal government consulting experience preferred
Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, or a related discipline from an accredited college/university
Experience working in an Agile or Scrum software development environment
Familiarity with implementing solutions on the ServiceNow platform
Experience with scripting in the ServiceNow platform using JavaScript: Business rules, Client Scripts, UI Actions, UI Pages
Ability to travel as required to support firm engagements
U.S. citizenship required and the ability to obtain a U.S. Federal government security clearance within a reasonable period of time
KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please."	657	Washington
COMPUTER ENGINEER	US Air Force Elements, U.S. Strategic Command	Fort Meade, MD	$49,157 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
Click on """" button below to view Eligibilities being considered and other IMPORTANT information.

The primary purpose of this position is to serve in a developmental system engineering position with known promotion potential to the target position of GS-13. All training must be completed and regulatory requirements met prior to promotion to the full performance level of GS-13.
Responsibilities
Performs professional systems engineering work involved in the application of advanced theories, concepts, principles, and processes to the acquisition, development, or sustainment of NC3 systems, subsystems, and/or support equipment.
Functions as the SE and I Divisions technical specialist in developing system performance requirements, objectives and integration, and the estimation of time and resources for system design, development, and support.
Performs complex and comprehensive analysis and uses systematic, disciplined, and quantifiable approaches to implement, develop, and document engineering projects.
Serves as a consultant and technical expert to senior subject matter specialists and/or agency officials responsible for broad program operations.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
0854 Computer Engineering
0855 Electronics Engineering
1515 Operations Research
1550 Computer Science
Similar jobs
Computer Occupations, All Other
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship Required
Males must be registered for Selective Service, see www.sss.gov.
Incumbent must be able to obtain and maintain a Special Sensitive security clearance
This is a drug Test Designated Position (TDP). Incumbent is subject to pre-employment and random testing for drug use
This position is subject to provisions of the DoD Priority Placement Program
The employee may be required to work other than normal duty hours, which may include evenings, weekends, and/or holidays
The work may require the incumbent to be subject to recall during non-duty hours, weekends, and holidays; overtime and/or emergency overtime may be required
Information Assurance Certification is a condition of employment. This position includes information assurance (IA) work as a paramount duty requirement
Per DoD 8570.01-M, the incumbent of this position must achieve the appropriate IA Certification within six months of assignment of these duties
A waiver of this six month requirement may be granted per DoD 8570.0-M, C3.2.4.2 or C3.2.4.3. Failure to receive the proper IA certification may result in removal from this position
Disclosure of Political Appointments
Qualifications
In order to qualify, you must meet the specialized experience requirements described in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards for General Schedule Professional and Scientific Positions.

BASIC REQUIREMENT OR INDIVIDUAL OCCUPATIONAL REQUIREMENT:

GS-0854/0855-07/09/11/12/13: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdf

GS-1550-07/09/11/12/13: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1500/computer-science-series-1550/

GS-1515-07/09/11/12/13: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1500/operations-research-series-1515/

In addition to meeting the basic requirement above, to qualify for this position you must also meet the qualification requirements listed below:

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE (GS-07/GS-09): Applicants must have at least one (1) year of specialized experience at the next lower grade GS-05 for GS-07 or GS-07 for GS-09, or equivalent in other pay systems. Examples of specialized experience includes knowledge of the principles, concepts, and theories of computer engineering, and the standard practices, methods, and techniques of the occupation sufficient to perform difficult, but well-precedented assignments; knowledge of analysis, evaluation, fact-finding, and investigative techniques in order to gather data, identify significant factors, and recommend a solution from a number of possible alternatives; knowledge of the occupation to perform studies and prepare reports, documentation, and correspondence to communicate factual and procedural information clearly.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE (GS-11/GS-12): Applicants must have at least one (1) year of specialized experience at the next lower grade GS-09 for GS-11 or GS-11 for GS-12, or equivalent in other pay systems. Examples of specialized experience includes knowledge of a wide range of principles, concepts, and practices of electronic engineering sufficient to perform difficult and complex work assignments; knowledge of quantitative and qualitative analysis and investigative techniques in order to synthesize data, evaluate significant factors, and recommend ways to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of work operations; knowledge of major issues, program goals and objectives, work processes, and administrative operations of the organization and occupation sufficient to plan, schedule, and conduct analyses and occupational projects; knowledge of pertinent laws, regulations, policies, and precedents which affect the use of program and related support resources.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE (GS-13): Applicants must have at least one (1) year of specialized experience at the next lower grade GS-12, or equivalent in other pay systems. Examples of specialized experience includes knowledge of a wide range of communications concepts, principles, and practices to accomplish work processes through the use of telecommunications devices, methods, services and facilities; knowledge of advanced engineering concepts, principles, practices, methods, and techniques to provide expert judgment concerning programs/operations; resolve unique or novel problems, conditions, or issues; and significantly alter standard practices, processes, and known techniques; knowledge of systems engineering practices and procedures as they pertain to sustainment, modification, logistics, and production management principles, concepts, policies, and systems to execute significant projects which represent an important segment of the agency's operating program.

FEDERAL TIME-IN-GRADE (TIG) REQUIREMENT FOR GENERAL SCHEDULE (GS) POSITIONS: Merit promotion applicants must meet applicable time-in-grade requirements to be considered eligible. One year at the GS-05/07/09/11/12 level is required to meet the time-in-grade requirements for the GS- level. TIG applies if you are in a current GS position or held a GS position within the previous 52 weeks.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:

GS-07:
1. Knowledge of basic principles, concepts, and practices of computer engineering.
2. Skill in applying basic principles, concepts, and practices of the occupation sufficient to perform entry-level assignments in computer engineering).
3. Skill in communicating factual and procedural information clearly, orally and in writing.
4. Ability to analyze problems to identify significant factors, gather pertinent data, and recognize solutions.
5. Ability to plan and organize work, and consult effectively with co-workers.

GS-09:
1. Knowledge of the principles, concepts, and theories of computer engineering, and the standard practices, methods, and techniques of the occupation sufficient to perform difficult, but well-precedented assignments.
2. Knowledge of analysis, evaluation, fact-finding, and investigative techniques in order to gather data, identify significant factors, and recommend a solution from a number of possible alternatives.
3. Knowledge of the occupation to perform studies and prepare reports, documentation, and correspondence to communicate factual and procedural information clearly.
4. Skill in applying the principles, concepts, and practices of the occupation sufficient to perform moderately difficult assignments.
5. Ability to communicate clearly, concisely, and with technical accuracy, both orally and in writing, as well as work in a professional manner with peers and management.
6. Ability to learn and apply analytical investigative techniques to accomplish work in the subject-matter field.

GS-11/GS-12:
1. Knowledge of a wide range of principles, concepts, and theories of computer engineering and the practices, methods, and techniques of the occupation sufficient to perform difficult and complex assignments.
2. Knowledge of analysis, evaluation, and investigative techniques in order to synthesize data, evaluate significant factors, and recommend ways to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of work operations.
3. Knowledge of major issues, program goals and objectives, work processes, and administrative operations of the organization and occupation sufficient to plan, schedule, and conduct analyses and occupational projects.
4. Skill in applying the principles, concepts, and practices of the occupation to new methods, approaches, and/or procedures.
5. Ability to communicate clearly, concisely, and with technical accuracy, both orally and in writing, as well as work in a professional manner with peers and management.
6. Ability to learn and apply analytical and evaluative methods and techniques to accomplish complex work in the subject-matter field.
Education
QUALIFICATIONS CONTINUED:


GS-13:
1. Knowledge of engineering concepts, principles, practices, standards, methods, and techniques to effectively apply advanced engineering theories, principles and concepts to project development, execution, and advisory services.
2. Knowledge of development testing and evaluation sufficient to apply experimental theories and new applications to issues and provide technical advice and direction in support of telecommunication systems, subsystems, and/or support equipment.
3. Knowledge of systems engineering practices and procedures as they pertain to sustainment, modification, logistics, and production management principles, concepts, policies, and systems; of standard acquisition regulations, practices, and procedures; and of other engineering disciplines.
4. Skill in applying an advanced analytical techniques such as; mathematical modeling, systems and statistical analysis to analyze and evaluate technical solutions and technologies.
5. Ability to devise and evaluate criteria, parameters, characteristics, and interrelationships for design approaches, and to assess the impact of new technology on current systems and processes.
6. Ability to research patterns to develop new methods, criteria, or proposed new telecommunications policies and procedures.
7. Ability to communicate clearly, concisely, and with technical accuracy, both orally and in writing, as well as work in a professional manner with peers, management, contractors, academia, and other agencies.

PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: If position has a positive degree requirement or education forms the basis for qualifications, you MUST submit transcriptswith the application. Official transcripts are not required at the time of application; however, if position has a positive degree requirement, qualifying based on education alone or in combination with experience, transcripts must be verified prior to appointment. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.
Additional information
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): For information on how to apply as an ICTAP eligible click here. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, displaced Federal employees must be rated well qualified or above for this position. You must submit a copy of the agency notice, your most recent performance rating, and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location.

Employed Annuitants (Reemployed Annuitants): Applicants in receipt of an annuity based on civilian employment in the Federal Service are subject to the DoD Policy on The Employment of Annuitants. Click here for more information.

120-Day Register: This announcement may result in a 120-day register that may be used to fill like vacancies for 120 days after the closing date. Applicants may be referred for consideration as vacancies occur.

Military Spouse Preference (MSP) Eligible: MSP applicants, if determined best qualified, must be selected at the full performance level and placed at the full performance level. You must include a completed copy of the Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist dated within 30 days along with the documents identified on the checklist to verify your eligibility for MSP. Click here to obtain a copy of the Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist.

Direct Deposit: All federal employees are required to have direct deposit.

If you are unable to apply online, view the following link for information regarding Alternate Application. The Vacancy ID is 11141339

If you have questions regarding this announcement and have hearing or speech difficulties click here.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine your eligibility, qualifications, and quality ranking for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

BASIS OF RATING: Your application will be rated under the Cut Point procedures based on the extent to which the quality, depth, and complexity of your education and/or experience related to the qualification requirements. Additional points are not added for Veteran's Preference; however, Veteran's Preference is considered where applicable.

Best Qualified Group: Candidates in this category possess exceptional skills and experience to exceed well above the minimum requirements.
Fully Qualified Group: Candidates in this category possess good skills and experience above the minimum requirements.
Basically Qualified Group: Candidates in this category meet the minimum education and/or experience requirements.

The resume/documents you submit must support your responses to the online questionnaire. If your application contradicts or does not support your questionnaire responses, you will receive a rating of ""not qualified"" or ""insufficient information"" and you will not receive further consideration for this job.

Applicants who meet the requirements for and apply as a non-competitive eligible that meet minimal qualifications and other requirements of this position, will be given consideration as a non-competitive candidate and will be referred unless blocked by an individual with priority/preference. Noncompetitive applicants do not need to respond to the assessment questions with the A through E responses indicating level of experience/training.

Applicants who disqualify themselves will not be evaluated further.

APPRAISALS/AWARDS: Hiring Managers use objective methods and consider previous performance appraisals and awards in the selection process. Current Federal Civilian employees should list any relevant performance related rating and/or awards in your resume.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Sensitive Compartmented Information
Drug test required
Yes
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents are required and must be provided with your application. Applicants who do not submit required documentation to determine eligibility and qualifications will be eliminated from consideration. Other documents may be required based on the eligibility/eligibilities you are claiming. Click here to view the AF Civilian Employment Eligibility Guide and the required documents you must submit to substantiate the eligibilities you are claiming.

Online Application: Questionnaire
Resume: For qualification determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week (if part-time) and dates of employment (i.e., month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as insufficient and you will not receive consideration for this position. If you are a current Federal employee or previous Federal employee, provide your pay plan, series and grade, i.e. GS-0301-09. Current Federal Civilian Employees should list any relevant performance related rating (given within the last three years) and/or incentive awards in your resume. Do NOT include photographs (or links to social media such as LinkedIn), inappropriate material, inappropriate content, nor personal information such as age, gender, religion, social security number, etc., on your resume.
Transcripts/Registration/License: If qualifying on education/position requires education, you must submit copies of your transcripts and if required for the position, submit an active, current registration/license.
Veterans: If claiming VEOA, VRA or 30% Disabled Veteran - Submit VOW certification memo or copy of the official DD-Form 214, which must include the character of service (i.e., with an honorable or general discharge). This will be annotated in block 24 on member copy 2, 4, or 7 of the DD-Form 214. If claiming 30% Disabled Veteran, you must also submit a VA Letter or a disability determination from a branch of the Armed Forces. NOTE: All veterans claiming 10-point preference must also submit a SF-15.
Current or Former Federal Civilian Employees (includes current Air Force employees): You must submit a legible copy of a SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action. The SF-50, block 24 must contain ""1"" or ""2"" AND block 34 must be a ""1"". Employees eligible under an OPM approved interchange agreement, block 34 may contain a ""1"" or ""2"".
Promotion Consideration: If you wish to be considered as a promotion candidate and your SF-50 has an effective date within the past year, it may not clearly demonstrate you meet the one-year time-in-grade requirements. You will need to provide additional SF-50s which clearly demonstrates you meet the time-in-grade requirements (examples of appropriate SF-50s include Promotions, Within-Grade, Grade/Range Increases, and SF-50s with an effective date more than one year old).


ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE MEMBERS: The VOW Act requires federal agencies to treat an eligible active duty service member as a veteran, disabled veteran, and preference eligible (as applicable) when applying for civil service positions before the effective release or discharge date. Appointment of military members before the release or discharge date is permissible if the member is on terminal leave. At the time the active duty member applies for a civil position, he or she must submit a ""certification"" memo in lieu of a DD-Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty. Active duty members applying for a civil service position without submitting a valid certification memo or DD-Form 214 with their application will render the member ineligible for the position. The certification memo must originate from the member's military service branch on official letterhead and contain the following:
Name/Rank/Grade of Service Member
Branch of Armed Forces
Dates of Active Service (Start and End Date(s)
Expected Date of Discharge/Release from Active Duty
Terminal leave start date (if applicable)
Expected character of service/discharge and type of separation (i.e. separation or retirement)
Must be certified within 120 days of anticipated discharge
Signature by, or by direction of the adjutant, personnel office, unit commander, or higher headquarters commander.
Note: The VOW Act provides tentative preference. If appointed, a DD Form-214 must be submitted upon receipt.


OPTIONAL DOCUMENTS:
Performance Appraisals for Current Federal Civilian Employees - Most recent performance appraisals (dated within last 3 years) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable.
Awards for Current Federal Civilian employees - List any awards received within the last 3 years on the resume.
Note: Applicant must not submit award SF50s-Notification of Personnel Actions (SF50s).
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Federal employees - Excepted service
Current excepted service federal employees.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Eligible NAF employees are considered under Hiring Path - ""Federal employees-Excepted service"""	657	Washington
IT Specialist (Project Manager) - SME (Open to both U.S. Citizens and Federal Employees)	US Office of the Secretary of Transportation	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
The incumbent serves as an IT Project Manager, responsible for managing relationships with DOT Operating Administrations, OST Offices, and overall projects pertaining to the development of modern, enterprise IT Customer Relationship Management (CRM) applications, systems, solutions, and strategies by leveraging Microsoft Dynamics 365 (D365), Microsoft Office 365 (O365) cloud services, and the Microsoft Power Platform.

Responsibilities
The IT Specialist (Project Manager):

Identifies key business and technology drivers that impact application architectures, such as end-user requirements, existing software distribution capabilities, existing application environment (including legacy and packaged systems), and performance and availability requirements. Develops long and short-range strategies.
coordinates all aspects of the project system, development life cycle, such as the planning, implementation, contracts, budget, communication and operations and maintenance.
Operations, disaster recovery, business process re-engineering, systems analysis methodologies; web-based technologies and solutions; IT planning, project management, systems development methodologies, and document and content management.
Is responsible for a high level of customer service while providing the full range of IT support services to effectively, efficiently, and economically enable the COE to execute its safety mission through the application of modern IT strategies and solutions.
Serves as a senior expert for project and contract management, product evaluation, analysis and management of the implementation of a wide-range of services, related to the work flow based, Customer Relationship Management (CRM) applications, including product and delivery to the customers within the Department.
Develops and implements project and program management plans, tools, templates, and activities. Applies management principles including issue/risk management, program and cost control strategy, quality management, system release process, change control management, and transition management. Translates project requirements into detailed designs to be implemented while balancing needs for immediate action.
Applies management principles including issue/risk management, program and cost control strategy, quality management, system release process, change control management, and transition management. Translates project requirements into detailed designs to be implemented while balancing needs for immediate action.

The ideal candidate is a dynamic project manager versed in the system development life cycle of customer relationship management (CRM) projects and application management. We are looking for an independent, self-starter with excellent organization skills and ability to manage multiple, ongoing priority tasks for highly visible Office of the Chief Information Officer.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
End-User Support Specialists
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S.Citizen and eligible for consideration.
You must meet specialized experience to qualify.
Required documents must be submitted by the closing date.
Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the Selective Service.
PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).
TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade in the competitive or excepted service in the executive branch to satisfy time-in-grade restrictions contained in 5 CFR 300, Subpart F.
DEU REQUIREMENTS: Applicants selected under delegated examining procedures may be required to successfully complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).

Qualifications
To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the specialized experience qualifications requirement.

To qualify for the Grade 14, you must have at least one year of experience equal or equivalent to the GS-13, it must include:

Experience in managing IT Customer Relationship Management (CRM) application or platform for the development, modernization and improvement of business processes.
Experience in implementation of an agency-wide IT application as a shared service within a customer service environment.
Experience in gathering requirements across multiple stakeholders to ensure the integration of business and program directives.

In addition to meeting the above described specialized experience requirements, your IT experience will be evaluated and be expected to include described experience in the following competencies:

Attention to Detail: Work is thorough and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service: Working with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, providing information or assistance, assigning staff to resolve their problems, or satisfying their expectations; knowing about available products and services; committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication: Expressing information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); making clear and convincing oral presentations; listening to others, attending to nonverbal cues, and responding appropriately.
Problem Solving: Identifying problems; determining accuracy and relevance of information; using sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and making recommendations based on technical requirements.

For all types of consideration, experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

For additional information about applying to Federal positions, please click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-policies/#url=e4
Education
Additional information
This vacancy may be used by any DOT agency to fill similar positions within 90 days.

FLSA - Exempt
Bargaining Unit 1133

Position Sensitivity - Moderate Risk

The U.S. Department of Transportation strives to ensure that equity, transparency, accountability, collaboration, and communication permeate all that we do for the betterment of the Department, the traveling public, and our nation. As such, DOT values a highly diverse workforce of persons who promote a culture of belonging by respecting the personal dignity and worth of each individual and fostering a positive environment where all feel safe and welcome. If these commitments coincide with your personal ideals and professional aspirations, please consider joining the DOT family.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE: PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. If your resume/ application does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). Your resume must contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make a qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

To compete with U.S. Citizens: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be placed in one of four categories: Platinum, Gold, Silver or Bronze, which is based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. Within these categories, applicants eligible for veteran's preference that have provided supporting documents will receive selection priority over non-veterans. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position.

To compete with other competitive status government employees: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be scored based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. If referred, all relevant documents including performance appraisals and awards submitted with your application package will be forwarded to the hiring official for review.

Eligible Federal employees also seeking consideration for noncompetitive reassignment for this position, must indicate interest in the assessment. In eligibility question 14: select Yes/Other/Former Incumbency of a Position brought into the Competitive Service. Noncompetitive federal candidates must have competitive status on a SF-50, meet minimum qualifications, have served at the same grade or higher, and held or exceeded the promotion potential of this position.

All applicants: Your application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. The answers you select in the on-line process must be substantiated in your application package. If upon review, it is determined that your described work history, competencies, and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, your application may be updated on your behalf or you may not be referred to the selecting official. Please ensure that your work history provides enough details to support your answers. The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your final rating.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
RESUME - All applicants must provide a resume created within USA Jobs Resume Builder, that shows relevant experience, education and support the required specialized experience. Formatted resumes can by uploaded later in the application process.

TRANSCRIPTS are REQUIRED if there is a stated education requirement for the series OR if you are substituting education for experience. The transcripts need not be official, but must show that you meet the stated education requirements, including specific major or class requirements.

If you have already qualified and worked in the federal service in this series, you may provide an SF-50 in lieu of transcripts.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS/INCENTIVE AWARDS: If applicable, performance appraisals and/or Incentive award documentation may be submitted and forwarded to the selecting official in consideration of your application. To receive credit, submit a recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable (do not submit a performance plan) and/or incentive award documentation dated within the last 18 months (i.e. performance awards, special act or achievement awards, quality step increases, etc.).

VETERANS: Your last DD214 (member 4 copy), Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, that shows the type of discharge and all dates of active duty is required to verify your eligibility.

If applying to a vacancy opened to all US Citizens under category rating and wish to be considered as a preference eligible, you need to submit a copy of your DD214 (member-4 copy).
If claiming preference eligibility as a disabled veteran, you must submit proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally a valid letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. An SF-15 is desired, but not required.
If applying to a vacancy opened Status and you are requesting consideration under Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) (https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/shav/#veoa), you need to provide a copy of your last DD214 (member-4 copy), which verifies your military service dates, reason for separation, OR certification of separation that shows a discharge date within 120 days of the closing of this announcement, and eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act.

FEDERAL APPLICANTS: You must submit SF-50(s) that verify your highest competitive grade, full performance level, and eligibility as a federal applicant. DO NOT submit an award SF-50 as these often do not verify grade or eligibility. For consideration for a promotion, Box 4 of the SF-50 must show a date that is at least 52 weeks prior to the job announcement closing. We recommend submitting your last promotion SF-50, current SF-50 or within-grade increase SF-50. Pay adjustment raise SF-50s for the current year will not support the 52 weeks’ time-in-grade requirements. https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/service/SF-50/

NON COMPETITIVE APPLICANTS: If requesting concurrent consideration for Non-competitive (NC) appointment eligibility, you must provide the appropriate SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITY DOCUMENTS, such as PCS orders (military spouse) describing move & marriage certificate; letter from VA or DD214 describing 100% disability of spouse; letter from State Vocational Office certifying disability (schedule A), etc. For more information, visit military spouse NC appointments or Persons with Disabilities NC appointments.

DISPLACED EMPLOYEES: If requesting consideration under the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency CTAP program (ICTAP), you must meet the well qualified standards for this vacancy (meeting minimum requirements for position and scoring at least an 85 or falling in the Gold Category) and provide all of the following documents:

your most recent performance appraisal,
the proof of eligibility letter from the Agency, and
your most current SF-50, displaying current series and grade.

Displaced employees may be eligible for ICTAP or CTAP priority consideration. For more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.

Failure to submit any of the required documents by the closing date of the vacancy will result in your removal from consideration for this position. Please review your application prior to final submission and ensure you have submitted all appropriate documents. Uploading documents to USAJobs does NOT ensure inclusion with your application to our system. You must verify that the documents are in the system with your application prior to final submission.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Open to current and former Federal employees with competitive status, VEOA Applicants, AND All U.S. Citizens."	657	Washington
Foreign Service Financial Management Officer	U.S. Department of State	Washington, DC 20520 (Foggy Bottom area)	$70,008 - $138,970 a year	"Overview
Accepting applications
Open & closing dates

06/16/2021 to 06/29/2021

Service

Excepted

Pay scale & grade

FP 03 - 04

Salary

$70,008 to $138,970 per year

Appointment type

Permanent - Permanent after tenure granted by a Foreign Service Specialist (FSS) Tenure Board.

Work schedule

Full-TimeLocation
Department of State Posts - Overseas and Domestic, United States
MANY vacancies
Relocation expenses reimbursed

Yes After completing orientation and initial training in Washington, D.C., a Foreign Service Specialist usually is assigned to two consecutive overseas tours, each two years in length, directed by the Department. After the initial two tours, assignments will be for periods of one to three years overseas or in the United States.

Telework eligible

NoThis job is open to
The public

U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.

Clarification from the agency

Must be a U.S. citizen. Potential applicants should read the entire announcement to ensure they meet all requirements and understand a Foreign Service career. Applicants may not reapply for one year after their previous application for the same position. If a State Department Suitability Review Panel denied suitability in the last two years, you may not apply (except Diplomatic Security Special Agent (SA) candidates whose denial was based solely on the unique requirements for SAs).

Announcement number

FMO-2021-0001

Control number

604267600

DutiesDuties
Summary

The U.S. Department of State is developing a rank-order list of eligible hires for a limited number of Foreign Service Financial Management Officer (FMO) positions/vacancies based on the needs of the Department. Learn more about us and a career in the Foreign Service at https://careers.state.gov.

There is more to joining the Foreign Service than just salary. Refer to the Benefits section for more information on total compensation.

Learn more about this agency
Responsibilities

FMOs are responsible for the management of the financial activities of our diplomatic and consular posts abroad, at our Financial Services Centers, and in Washington, D.C. Typical duties include, but are not limited to, the following:

Serve as Chief Financial Officer at the assigned location and act as certifying officers for USG agencies, with responsibility for the correctness and propriety of all payments.
Provide a full range of financial services including development of budgets and financial plans, control of obligations and expenditures, preparation and audit of payment vouchers, respond to audit requests and close audit recommendations, administration of payroll plans, salary and allowance payments, cashier operations, the purchase of foreign currencies, and disbursement of funds.
Negotiate and administer agreements with other USG agencies to provide administrative support services through Department of State facilities and personnel.
Establish and maintain close relations with local banking officials and fiscal authorities, and conduct negotiations concerning exchange rates and banking services.
Assist managers in program decision-making and planning by analyzing financial aspects of various programs, reviewing performance metrics for accomplishments of strategic objectives, so that managers can determine the best use of limited resources.
Help develop and maintain the Department's financial management system, ensuring compatibility with requirements of the Office of Management and Budget, the General Accounting Office and the Treasury Department, and that it meets user needs for accurate, timely financial data and processing.
Utilize computer systems to record, analyze, and report financial data and plans.
Train and supervise Locally Employed Staff, U.S. Direct Hire Staff and contractors who provide continuity to the accounting and financial work done overseas and domestically.
Establish controls, mitigate risk, using policy guidelines and generally accepted accounting standards, for the prevention of waste, fraud and mismanagement.

Travel Required

Occasional travel - A Foreign Service Specialist generally spends the majority of his/her career assigned to the Department of State’s overseas missions and at times, lives away from family and/or in difficult or isolated conditions. Selected applicants will be notified of an Oral Assessment (OA) requirement in Washington D.C. For the selected applicants, all travel and other expenses incurred in connection with the OA are the sole responsibility of the applicant.

Supervisory status

Yes

Promotion Potential

MC

Job family (Series)

0501 Financial Administration And Program

Similar jobs
Loan Processors
Processors, Loan
Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Be a U.S. citizen and available for worldwide service.*
Be able to obtain a Top Secret Security Clearance.
Be able to obtain an appropriate Foreign Service Medical Clearance.
Be able to obtain a favorable Suitability Review Panel determination.**
Be at least 20 years old to apply; at least 21 years old to be appointed.
Be appointed prior to age 60 (preference eligible veterans excepted).***

You must submit a copy of your university transcript(s) with your application. If you do not submit this documentation to demonstrate your educational achievements, your candidacy will not continue.

Official or unofficial transcripts may be submitted with your application. Your transcript must include your name, the school’s name, and the degree and date awarded and have no missing pages. A transcript missing any of these elements will not pass the minimum qualifications and the candidacy will not continue. Copies of diplomas may not be submitted in lieu of transcripts for education above high school level.

Education from a program or institution within the United States must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education, in order to be credited towards qualifications or your candidacy will not be continued.

Education completed in foreign high schools, colleges, or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Only accredited organizations recognized as specializing in the interpretation of foreign education credentials that are members of the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc. (AICE) are accepted. If documentation from an accredited organization is not provided, your candidacy will not be continued.

For further information on the evaluation of foreign education, please refer to the Office of Personnel Management and the U.S. Department of Education. The U.S. Department of State neither endorses nor recommends any individual evaluation service.

Qualifications

Applicants with finance-related higher education and specific experience in financial management or accounting are preferred. The education and specialized experience cited must be of a quality and depth that demonstrate your aptitude and potential to master the complex skills required of FMOs.

Physical Requirements
As USG certifying officers, with responsibility and personal liability for the correctness and propriety of all payments, FMOs must be able to personally verify the authenticity of documents relied upon for payment authorizations, which may involve visual inspections (e.g., handwritten receipts, stamped invoices, etc.).

Specialized Experience:
In addition to the Education requirements, applicants must possess a minimum of:

Three years of Specialized Experience for consideration at FP-04 level or
Four years of Specialized Experience for consideration at FP-03 level

Refer to the Education section about substituting educational achievements for Specialized Experience.

Specialized experience is professional work of progressively responsible nature which demonstrates that the applicant has acquired and can apply the specific knowledge, skills and abilities appropriate to an FMO.

Specialized Experience examples include, but are not limited to:

Experience in financial management involving the preparation, justification, or management of an organization's budget, or participation in budget hearings on appropriations for a USG agency.
Experience as a financial management officer in a government agency or in a business or industrial concern with responsibilities for program planning, organization, methods, and procedures.
Experience in government or private sector accounting including interpretation and use of financial data for informed decision-making and the efficient and optimal use of resources.
Teaching comprehensive budget, fiscal, or accounting courses in an accredited educational institution above the high school level.
Experience in the development and/or implementation of internal controls and compliance with laws and regulations related to financial management. This includes experience in the audit and financial management review of procedures and requirements.
Experience in banking, currency purchasing, or treasury operations.
Experience in payroll plan development and/or administration.

Note: Consumer loan management/approval and individual tax preparation are not considered to be specialized experience.

Specialized experience must have been of a progressively responsible nature in a medium or large organization(s) with a multimillion-dollar budget(s). Specialized experience must include more than one area listed below:

budget preparation and execution,
accounting and reporting,
accounts payable,
payroll,
accounts receivable,
cash management,
disbursing,
tax reporting,
audit and internal controls.

Supervisory experience, work with automated financial management systems, and evidence of working and/or living successfully in a multicultural environment is desirable. Such experience in the Foreign Service or other USG agencies or organizations having international operations is preferred. For the FP-03 level at least one year of specialized experience must have been equivalent to the GS-11/FP-04 level; and for the FP-04 level at least one year must have been equivalent to the GS-9/FP-05 level.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Knowledge
Finance: Knowledge of the fundamentals of economics, statistics, accounting, banking, and financial markets through requisite academic background in order to serve as a principal financial adviser to senior management.
Budgeting Requirements: Knowledge acquired through training and experience, to formulate, present, justify, and execute budgets involving millions of dollars.
Financial Procedures: Knowledge of financial procedures, applicable laws, regulations, and other guidance in order to prepare financial plans that are accurate and timely to inform post management decisions, and to meet external reporting requirements.
GAAP and GAAS: Knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and Generally Accepted Auditing Standards (GAAS) and interpretation and use of financial data for decision-making, ensuring all claims and payments are properly documented and in accordance with applicable rules and regulations.
Accounting: Knowledge of the principles and application of cost accounting by preparing a variety of complex reports and analyses that aid management in setting priorities and allocating scarce resources in a way that best meets objectives.
Banking: Knowledge of banking, currency purchases, foreign exchange rates, as well as disbursement including cashiering in order to use an organization’s financial systems to meet payment and collection obligations using the most effective means available.
Fraud Detection: Knowledge of fraud detection, both in cash operations and financial systems.
Management Principles: Knowledge of management principles as demonstrated by delegating responsibilities, providing guidance, leading by example, supervising subordinates, counseling employees, resolving conflicts, effecting disciplinary measures, and implementing basic EEO guidelines, in order to effectively supervise staff.
Management Controls: Knowledge and understanding of a strong system of management controls by using policy guidelines and generally accepted standards through checks and balances and constant monitoring of management controls to correct deficiencies and in order to maintain fiscal integrity and ensure resources are safeguarded against fraud, waste, and mismanagement.
Pay and Benefits: Knowledge of payroll and benefit programs in an organizational setting including maintaining accounting and payroll databases.

Skills
Accounting: Applying accounting concepts, including auditing and program evaluation concepts in order to promote sound business practices and process improvements.
Financial Management: Management of financial resources by determining how funds will be spent in order to maximize benefits from limited resources and accounting for these expenditures in a way that is consistent with applicable rules and regulations.
Communications: Communications in both individual and group contexts through written communication and oral communication on technical financial rules and issues such as budget allocations, financial obligations, pay, and allowances, etc., with all levels of employees in a clear and concise manner and is easily understood by persons without a financial background.
Preparing budget proposal documentation.
Teamwork: Developing and working in teams and encouraging teamwork on a daily basis in order to reduce conflict and enhance cooperation.
Customer Service: Customer service with U.S. and foreign nationals through interpersonal skills and cross-cultural sensitivities including providing information, balancing clients’ interests, readjusting priorities and resolving complaints.
Conflict Resolution: Understanding the principles and techniques of persuasion and conflict resolution.
Analyzing Financial Data: Acquiring and analyzing financial data, discerning relationships and trends, making projections, understanding host country and U.S. financial rules and regulations, and communicating results.
Computer Programs: Using financial, communication, and presentation applications.
Personnel Management: Human resource planning and workforce planning.
Ability to Say No: Adroit at turning down requests and offering acceptable alternatives when possible.
Superior oral and written communication skills: Applicants must demonstrate a strong command of the English language to include grammar, spelling, and punctuation. FSS must consistently meet a high standard for English, both written (overall structure as well as grammar, spelling, and punctuation) and spoken (overall structure as well as delivery, clarity, and succinctness).

Education

At the time of application, applicants must possess at least a Bachelor's degree with a minimum of 24 semester hours (36 quarter hours) in accounting or finance earned at the undergraduate or graduate level from an accredited school. Professional certifications such as Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), and Certified Government Financial Manager (CGFM), or graduate degrees from an accredited in business, government, or public administration are preferred with concentrations in accounting or finance.

Substitution of Education for Specialized Experience

Applicants may substitute graduate educational achievement earned at an accredited school (18 semester hours or 27 quarter hours is equivalent to one year) for specialized experience as follows:

For one year of specialized experience: One full academic year of graduate education in business or public administration, with a concentration in accounting or finance.
For two years of specialized experience: Completion of all requirements for a master's or equivalent degree, or two full academic years of graduate education in business or public administration, with a concentration in accounting or finance.
For three years of specialized experience: Completion of all requirements for a doctoral degree (Ph.D. or equivalent), or three full academic years of graduate education in business or public administration, with a concentration in accounting or finance.

Additional information


EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PROGRAM (E-Verify) – Verification of employment eligibility in the United States is required.

U.S. law requires organizations to employ only individuals who may legally work in the United States – either U.S. citizens, or foreign citizens who have the necessary authorization. This agency utilizes E-Verify to compare information from the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, to data from U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Social Security Administration (SSA) records to confirm employment eligibility. If the employee’s information does not match DHS and/or SSA records, the employee is given an opportunity to resolve the problem. If eligibility cannot be verified, employment will be terminated.

**The Department of State Suitability Review Panel and standards are defined in Chapter 3 of the Foreign Affairs Manual. For more information please visit: https://fam.state.gov/.

***For more information about Veteran’s Preference and how it is applied in the selection process, please visit: http://careers.state.gov/faqs/faqs-wiki/are-veterans-given-hiring-preference-

No applicant will be considered who has previously been separated from the Foreign Service under sections §607, §608, §610 or §611 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as amended, or who resigned or retired in lieu of separation under these provisions. In addition, no applicant will be considered who has previously been separated for failure to receive a career appointment under section §306 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as amended, or who resigned or retired in lieu thereof.

A Foreign Service Specialist separated for failure to receive a career appointment under section 306 may not re-apply to be a Foreign Service Specialist in the same skill code, but may apply for another skill code or to be a Foreign Service Generalist.

Executive Branch agencies are barred by 5 US Code 3303 as amended from accepting or considering prohibited political recommendations and are required to return any prohibited political recommendations to sender. In addition, as mandated by 5 US Code 3110, relatives of federal employees cannot be granted preference in competing for these employment opportunities.

It is the policy of the Federal Government to treat all employees with dignity and respect and to provide a workplace that is free from discrimination whether discrimination is based on race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity or pregnancy), national origin, disability, political affiliation, marital status, membership in an employee organization, age, sexual orientation, or other non-merit factors.

The Department of State provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodations for any part of the application or hiring process should so advise the Department at ReasonableAccommodations@state.gov, within one week of receiving their invitation to the oral assessment. Decisions for granting reasonable accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis.How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Candidates will be evaluated on their total background including experience, education, awards, training, and self-development as it relates to the position. Selection for this position will be made only from among candidates possessing the best qualifications. Part-time work experience will be prorated.

To preview questions please click here.Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance

Top Secret

Drug test required

Yes

Required DocumentsRequired Documents

It is the responsibility of the applicant to ensure all required documents are uploaded and the application is complete before the closing deadline of this announcement. Any missing required documents or incomplete applications will result in the application not being considered further. There are no exceptions.

Résumé from USAJobs Résumé Builder, the only résumé format accepted for this Vacancy Announcement.
Complete online application, including the required Accomplishments Questionnaire and Statement of Interest narratives.
All required supporting documentation, including proof of educational achievements, certifications, professional licenses, or completed forms as required in this Vacancy Announcement.
Veteran’s Preference documentation for applicants aged 60 to 65. If claiming a 5 pt. Veteran’s Preference, you must submit a copy of your DD-214 or Certification of service at the time of your application. If claiming a 10 pt. Veteran’s Preference, you must submit your VA letter and SF-15, in addition to your DD-214 or Certification of service at the time of your application. A Certification must be from the armed forces certifying the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty under honorable conditions within 120 days after the Certification is submitted by the applicant and should include military service dates, date of expected discharge or release, and character of service and disability rating, if applicable.

Accomplishments Questionnaire and Statement of Interest

These required questions provide an opportunity to describe examples and accomplishments from your education, life, and/or work experience that demonstrate your qualifications for becoming a Foreign Service Specialist. Examples can be drawn from any part of your professional or personal experience. Each response is limited to 300 words or fewer (maximum length 2,000 characters) for each item. You should compose your replies carefully, as one of the skills necessary to succeed as a Foreign Service Specialist is the ability to write clearly and concisely. Answers to all of the items in the Accomplishments Questionnaire and Statement of Interest are required and must be completed in the online application.

Accomplishments Questionnaire

These required questions provide an opportunity to describe examples and accomplishments from your education, life, and/or work experience that demonstrate your qualifications for becoming a Foreign Service Specialist. Examples can be drawn from any part of your professional or personal experience. The information you give may be used in your oral assessment should you be invited and is an important factor in the competitive evaluation of applicants. Each response is limited to 300 words or fewer (maximum length 2,000 characters) for each item. You should compose your replies carefully, as one of the skills necessary to succeed as a Foreign Service Specialist is the ability to write clearly and concisely. Answers to all of the items in the Accomplishments Questionnaire and Statement of Interest are required and must be completed in the online application.

Substantive Knowledge: Describe your skills, knowledge, and experience that are applicable to performing the work described in this vacancy announcement including the supervision and performance management of subordinate staff.

Intellectual Skills: Describe an example of when you used such skills to respond to unanticipated circumstances to solve a problem.

Interpersonal Skills: Describe how you have used your interpersonal skills in a specific situation to resolve a problem or achieve a goal.

Communication Skills: Describe a situation in which you used your communication skills, including foreign language skills if appropriate, to further an aim or achieve a goal.

Management Skills: Describe a project you managed or helped to manage and how you planned and organized, set priorities and allocated time and resources to achieve the project’s goals.

Analytical Skills: Describe how you reviewed a large data set and developed a coherent analysis showing meaningful trends or themes for a management and/or other stakeholders.

Statement of Interest

Required narrative Statement of Interest which discusses your:

Motivation for joining the Foreign Service.
Relevant work experience, including any unique strengths not previously mentioned, such as special skills (e.g., accounting, finance, auditing), current licenses, certifications, honors, awards, special accomplishments, and/or training (with date completed) relating to this position.
Experience living or working in a multicultural environment, overseas or in the United States.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

BenefitsBenefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.
Opens in a new window
Learn more about federal benefits.

Benefits include health and medical coverage, federal retirement benefits, and paid leave. Overseas benefits include tax-free housing overseas, tax-free education allowance for dependent children between K-12 overseas, and an unrivaled opportunity to see the world and experience different cultures.

The salary listed comes from the Foreign Service Overseas and Washington pay scales. The starting salary range is FP-04 or FP-03. The starting step is determined in part by highest educational level achieved and also professional experience level beyond the minimum qualifications. Individuals already working in government positions may be appointed based on highest previous rate as a Federal employee. Click here for more information on salary.

Review our benefits

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

How to Apply

Submit your application early, not waiting for the deadline, as application packages must be complete, submitted, and received by the closing date/time to be considered. There are no exceptions.

From this Vacancy Announcement, click on “Apply.” Go to the USAJobs Log In screen and log into your USAJobs account or follow the link and instructions to create an account.
Follow the USAJobs Application Process and provide your required USAJobs federal online resume.
USAJobs will transfer you to the State Department agency online application site, Monster Government Service (MGS). Follow the instructions to answer the online questions. Your Accomplishments Questionnaire and Statement of Interest responses must be completed in the online application. You may save your work and can return to the application from USAJobs at any time prior to the deadline.
Submit required documentation using one of the three methods the application system allows: Transfer documents from a USAJOBS portfolio; upload documents from your computer; or, resubmit documents from a previous application.
After attaching all required supporting documentation, answering all required application questions, and completing the application steps, review the entire application packet, including the links for submitted documents.
Confirm and submit your application package, which will be used to evaluate your qualifications for this position.

Application Submission Deadline: 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the closing date of this announcement.

It is the responsibility of the applicant to ensure all required documents are submitted and the application is complete before the closing deadline. Any missing required documents or incomplete applications will result in your application not being considered further. There are no exceptions.

Submit your application early and verify that your documents are attached. You may make changes as often as needed, up until the closing date of the announcement.

If you are having technical difficulty with the application process, please contact the Monster Help Desk by calling 1-866-656-6830 or by emailing mgshelp@monster.com. The Monster Help Desk is available Monday through Friday from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern Time.

For more information on Foreign Service Specialist hiring processes, please visit our FAQs at http://careers.state.gov/faqs. If you have any questions regarding Foreign Service careers, please visit our Careers.State.Gov site and post your question(s) on the appropriate Forum in the Connect section: http://careers.state.gov/connect/forums.Agency contact information
GTM/TAC
Phone

000-000-0000

Fax

000-000-0000

Email

FMOVacancyInfo@state.gov

Address

U.S. Department of State
2201 C Street NW
Room 518H
Washington, District of Columbia 20520
United States
Learn more about this agency
Next steps

After the close of the announcement, the application status in USAJobs will say ""Reviewing Applications."" This status on USAJobs will not be updated further. You can click on ""Track this application"" for more information. Applicants will be notified by e-mail from the U.S. Department of State about the outcome of the initial application review and if they will be further considered for this Foreign Service position. We recommend adding the Department of State domain (@state.gov) as an approved sender.

Due to the high volume of applications, we ask all applicants to remain patient and await communication. It is not uncommon for several months to pass before you are informed of the results of your applications.

Fair & Transparent
Fair & Transparent

The Federal hiring process is setup to be fair and transparent. Please read the following guidance.

Equal Employment Opportunity Policy

The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) for federal employees & job applicantsReasonable Accommodation Policy

Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process should follow the instructions in the job opportunity announcement. For any part of the remaining hiring process, applicants should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.

A reasonable accommodation is any change to a job, the work environment, or the way things are usually done that enables an individual with a disability to apply for a job, perform job duties or receive equal access to job benefits.

Under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodations when:

An applicant with a disability needs an accommodation to have an equal opportunity to apply for a job.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to perform the essential job duties or to gain access to the workplace.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to receive equal access to benefits, such as details, training, and office-sponsored events.

You can request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the application or hiring process or while on the job. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

Learn more about disability employment and reasonable accommodations or how to contact an agency.Legal and regulatory guidance
Financial suitability
Social security number request
Privacy Act
Signature and false statements
Selective Service
New employee probationary period"	657	Washington
Help Desk Specialist, Senior & Journeyman (DoD Secret w/ SSBI)	Rollout Systems, LLC	Arlington, VA	None	"JSF IT - NEW 5 YEAR CONTRACT - HIRING NOW

Position Description: Responds to and diagnoses problems through discussion with users. Ensures a timely process through which problems are controlled. Includes problem recognition, research, isolation, resolution, and follow-up steps. Supervises operation of help desk and serves as focal point for customer concerns. Provides support to end users on a variety of issues. Identifies, researches, and resolves technical problems. Responds to telephone calls, email and personnel requests for technical support. Documents, tracks, and monitors the problem to ensure a timely resolution. Provides second-tier support to end users for either PC, server, or mainframe applications or hardware. Interact with network services, software systems engineering, and/or applications development to restore service and/or identify and correct core problem. Simulates or recreates user problems to resolve operating difficulties. Recommends systems modifications to reduce user problems. Provide technical assistance to computer users. Answer questions or resolve computer problems for clients in person, or via telephone or electronically. May provide assistance concerning the use of computer hardware and software, including printing, installation, word processing, electronic mail, and operating systems. Acts as the overall lead, manager and administrator for the contracted effort. Serves as the primary interface and point of contact with Government program authorities on technical and program/project issues.

Oversees contractor execution of the contract requirements. Manages acquisition and employment of program/project resources. Provides support to distributed PC/networking environment including installation, testing, repair, and troubleshooting for stand-alone PCs, PCs linked to networks, printers, and other computer peripherals. Support responsibilities include software installation, and configurations. This technician performs technical, operational, and training support to users of personal computers either by telephone, or on-site for PC desktop hardware and software packages. Job duties require the technician to install and test personal computers, printers, and other peripherals, configure operating system, load shrink-wrap programs and other application software programs. In this position, the incumbent troubleshoots computer problems, performs hardware and software diagnostics, coordinates needed repairs, resolves computer system problems, including coordination between users and components of a local area network, and participates in the evaluation of system configuration and software.

Knowledge of help desk ticketing systems, managed services software, Windows 10, 7, Active Directory, Network Basics, VPN Basics, and Mobile Device Basics.

Minimum Education Required:

For SENIOR position: MS/MA degree in Computer Science, Information Sciences, or related IT discipline.
For JOURNEYMAN position: BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Sciences, or related IT discipline.

Minimum Experience Required:

For SENIOR position: Ten (10) years of directly related experience supporting help desk Tier 1, Tier 2, and/or Tier 3 operations, preferably supporting a large-scale government customer.
For JOURNEYMAN position: Five (5) years of directly related experience supporting help desk Tier 1, Tier 2, and/or Tier 3 operations, preferably supporting a large-scale government customer.
Experience providing technical support for microcomputer hardware, networks, account administration, and office automation software via telephone, as appropriate.
Experience with Remedy/Help Desk Management Systems.
Progressive experience in the management of a technical support team.
Experience developing and providing Service Level Agreements and Help Desk deliverables.
IAT Level II baseline certification in accordance with DoD 8570.01-M, Information Assurance Workforce Improvement Program, (or achieve within six months of TOA or hiring)
Certified as a Microsoft Certified Desktop Support Technician (MCDST).

Security Clearance: Department of Defense Secret clearance based upon a SSBI or SSBI-PR completed within the past five years.

--------------------------------

Rollout Systems, LLC, founded in 2001, is a full-service, services, and information technology company specializing in enhanced organizational performance. Rollout Systems is a customer focused and results-oriented company, and brings together the right combination of talent, creativity, and drive to assist our customers in meeting their goals. We provide personal attention rarely found today, enabling a one-of-a-kind customer/contractor experience.

Our corporate culture is built upon the principles of open communications and teamwork that keeps a talented, tenured workforce in place; consistent quality services; proactive, out-of-the-box thinking and the highest ethical values. We provide our employees
the best of benefits, including but not limited to generous paid time off, education opportunities and a matching 401k plan.

We believe in empowerment for success and provide the tools needed to do the best job possible for our customers. Our corporate values are transparent; we are open and honest with each other. Rollout Systems supports the communities that support our customers. In every way, every day, at work or at play, we support the Warfighter that keeps America the ""Land of the Free"".

Rollout Systems, LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, Protected Veteran status, and sexual orientation/gender identity. This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Learn more about Rollout Systems at www.rolloutsys.com."	657	Washington
Senior Classification Specialist	C2 Technologies	Washington, DC	None	BA/BS Degree10 years of Federal Human Resources Experience preferredDUTIES:Apply a broad range of advanced skills and expertise in the full range of federal HR areas including but not limited to staffing, classification, processing, benefits, recruitment, compensation, SES programs, work life programs, policy and employee and labor relations. The types of tasks for illustrative purposes that a Senior Human Resources Specialist will perform are: research HR policy, write new HR policies, edit existing policies and provide broad guidance regarding federal HR; develop, document and implement SOP’s; review HR workflow and Map existing processes and make recommendations to streamline workflow; design and produce reports and queries utilizing agency databases; and design and implement internal controls process/systems for improved accountability/transparency; conduct various workforce related studies such as workforce mobility assessment, workforce competency model, workforce career path model, workforce performance analysis, workforce staffing structure and workforce demand model.Physical Requirements/Work Environment· Sedentary work - must be able to sit for prolonged periods of time; up to 90% of the time.· Must be able to use a computer, mouse, photocopier, telephone, and other standard office equipment.· Work is performed in an office setting; not substantially exposed to adverse environmental conditions.Required Qualifications: · Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Business Administration or similar field.· Five (5) to seven (7) years of directly applicable to Human Resources Job classification, USA Staffing experience, Position classification, retirement processing/benefits, and electronic personnel file review/auditing.· Ability to lead, mentor, and coach a team of professionals in a fast-paced, dynamic environment· Knowledge of and experience with HRIS.· Demonstrated experience in the following:· Analyzing job descriptions· Benefits plan administration and analysis.· Providing compensation analysis.· Ability to work in and lead a team of multi-disciplinary team in a fast-paced, dynamic environment· Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Sharepoint.· Experience with public speaking and group presentation skills· Experience with conflict management and effective negotiation techniques· Excellent written and verbal communication skills· Detail-oriented with excellent organizational skills· Ability to travel up to 15% of the time (CONUS)· Ability to obtain/maintain a security clearance and government CAC IDPreferred Qualifications: · Master’s degree·Experience with the Department of JusticeThis is not necessarily an all-inclusive list of job-related responsibilities, duties, skills, efforts, requirements or working conditions. While this is intended to be an accurate reflection of the current job, management reserves the right to revise the job or to require that other or different tasks be performed as assigned.All job requirements are subject to possible revision to reflect changes in the position requirements or to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. Some requirements may exclude individuals who pose a threat or risk to the health and safety of themselves or other employees. This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to which will be required in this position. Employees will be required to follow other job-related duties as requested by their supervisor/manager (within guidelines and compliant with Federal and State Laws). Continued employment remains on an “at-will” basis.C² Technologies, Inc. is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. EOE/M/F/Disabled/Veteran.Job Type: Full-timeJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: From $0.01 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftApplication Question(s):How many years of federal HR experience do you have?Do you have five (5) to seven (7) years of directly applicable to Human Resources Job classification?What is your salary range?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Securities Law: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	657	Washington
Senior Billing Specialist	BAE Systems	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"This new position will be a seasoned biller, with several years of recent government contract billing experience using Costpoint 7.0 or above. The position will bill T&M, FFP and Cost Type projects (government & commercial). This position will also be needed to enter invoices in several customer portals (i.e. WAWF, IPP). Communication and coordination with internal (Program Finance, Contracts, Collections, etc.) and external customers will be expected. This position will also work with computer and desktop applications, perform reconciliations and be skilled with monitoring and tracking project funding to complete billings and assignments. This position will be needed to support all three business areas, with an emphasis on support the INTEL group.

Required Education, Experience, & Skills

In lieu of a degree, 5+ years of recent government contract billing experience to include billing cost type, T&M and fixed price contracts.
Recent experience with government portals such as IPP, WAWF, recent knowledge of MOCAS and recent experience with Costpoint 7.0 or above.
Able to perform project reconciliations and track project funding. Able to work independently on complex billing projects. Ability to solve complex invoicing issues. Ability to contribute to process improvements.
Sound oral and written communication. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment, with little to no supervision. Ability to meet recurring and ad hoc deadlines.

Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills

Cognos, proficient in Microsoft Office Suite,

About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security

BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it’s what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts – defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team—making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you’ll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference.

Intelligence & Security (I&S), based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels.


At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We’re laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues."	657	Washington
Management Analyst (Data Analyst)	US Environmental Protection Agency	Washington, DC	$60,129 - $94,581 a year	"Duties
Summary
We are an independent office within the EPA that helps the agency protect the environment in a more efficient and cost effective manner. We perform audits, evaluations, and investigations of the EPA to promote economy and efficiency, and to prevent and detect fraud, waste and abuse. We strive to provide solutions to problems that ultimately result in making America a cleaner and healthier place. Come join the team!

Responsibilities
This position is located in the Operations Support Division (OSD), Office of Investigations (OI), Office of the Inspector General (OIG). The OSD is responsible for the OI's business analytics with the purpose of collecting and analyzing data, regularly reporting, and providing statistical data to devise, execute, and improve organizational strategies and processes.

Responsibilities
The ideal candidate will perform the following duties:

Participate with the OSD team in the planning, development, coordination, and application of advanced analytical systems and methodologies designed to detect errors, analyze trends and anomalies, and report OI and OIG strategic performance measures
Query, analyze, prepare, and present reporting options for managers at all levels.
Build, or oversee development of, reports and tools based on outcomes of performance data and customer feedback.
Participate in the development of strategic plans for obtaining the analytical capabilities necessary to support OIG’s mission and operational needs.

Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
11
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Similar jobs
Analysts, Management
Management Analysts
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Conditions of Employment

U.S. Citizenship Required.
Background Investigation Required.
Position has portable work and selectee may be eligible to telework.

Must be a U.S. Citizen.

This is a Public Trust Position. Employment in this position requires a background investigation. If you are selected and cannot obtain a favorable security determination within a reasonable period of time due to disclosed or undisclosed background issues, the tentative employment offer may be withdrawn.

If you are a male born after December 31, 1959 you must certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System, or are exempt from having to do so under the Selective Service Law.

Selectees will be required to complete a ""Declaration of Federal Employment"", (OF-306), prior to appointment and the appropriate background investigation forms to determine suitability for Federal employment. False statements or responses on these forms can jeopardize your employment opportunity and subject you to disciplinary action, including removal from Federal service.

The selectee will be required to complete a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two forms of identification from the I-9 Form. We will compare information provided on the I-9 Form to records available from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. The system confirms employee’s identity and eligibility to work in the United States. Learn more about e-verify, including your rights and responsibilities.

Depending on your status, this position may require serving a 1-year probationary period.
Qualifications
Specialized experience is experience that has equipped the candidate with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position.

Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:

GS-09:

1) Collecting and verifying relevant data from various internal and external sources;
2) Utilizing qualitative and quantitative data methods to analyze trends, identify problems, and recommend solutions;
3) Designing routine and non-routine data audits to ensure accuracy and relevance of systems; AND
4) Developing factsheets and other high-level summaries of data to management. OR

Substitution of Education for the Specialized Experience Requirement: master's or equivalent graduate degree, or 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree, or LL.B. or J.D., if related.

GS-11:

1) Oversee the collecting and verifying of relevant data from various internal and external sources to aide management in decisions, plans, and organizational strategies;
2) Utilizing qualitative and quantitative data methods to analyze trends, identify problems, and recommend solutions;
3) Designing routine and non-routine data audits to ensure accuracy and relevance of systems;
4) Presenting statistical data of information for reports, briefings, and publications; AND
5) Participate in strategic planning with senior leaders, contributing data analytics to aide in organizational improvements and processes. OR

Substitution of Education for the Specialized Experience Requirement: Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related.

Evidence of the above specialized experience must be supported by detailed documentation of duties performed in positions held. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience. We will not make assumptions regarding your experience or based on job titles alone. If your resume does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s).

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Applicants must meet the qualifications for this position within thirty (30) days of the closing date of this announcement.
Education
This position does not have a mandatory education requirement.
Additional information
EPA OIG provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities on a case-by-case basis. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, please contact the Human Resources Specialist listed in this vacancy announcement.

Payment of relocation expenses is NOT authorized.

All the information you provide will be verified by a review of the work experience and/or education as shown on your application, by checking reference and through other means, such as the interview process. Any exaggeration of your experience, false statements, or attempts to conceal information may be grounds for not hiring you or for firing you after you begin work.

Additional selections may be made through this vacancy announcement.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. After the vacancy closes, we will review your application package to determine if you meet the minimum qualifications for the position. If you meet the minimum qualifications, your responses to the questionnaire, resume and supporting documentation will then be reviewed. Your resume must support your responses to the self-assessment questions or your score may be lowered. The best-qualified candidates will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited to an interview.

ICTAP candidates will be eligible if it is determined that they have exceeded the minimum qualifications for the position by attaining at least a rating of 90.

Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, salary, duties performed for each position, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level/pay band.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Critical-Sensitive (CS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Your package must be complete and submitted in the manner specified in this section. Packages that are submitted in any other manner without prior approval from the agency point of contact will not be considered.

A complete application includes:

Resume;
Vacancy question responses; and
Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible).

If you are a current or former federal employee you must a copy of your most recent SF Form 50, Notification of Personnel Action, that shows: (1) permanent or career-conditional tenure (codes 1 or 2, in block 24), and (2) position occupied in the competitive service (code 1, in block 34). To be considered as a non-competitive eligible candidate, the SF-50 must show the highest grade level or promotion potential level applicant has attained competitively and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying. Indicate on your application the highest permanent grade you have held; if this grade is different from your current grade, submit a copy of an additional SF-50 showing this grade.

For proof of Veterans Preference you must submit a DD-214 (member copy 4)and, if applicable, Standard Form 15, VA Letter. You can find additional information about Veterans' Preference at fedshirevets.

If you are eligible for special hiring authority, please indicate this when you apply, and submit the supporting documentation for proof of eligibility for the special hiring authority, such as disability, Peace Corps service, Interchange Agreement, etc. Other documents identified in this announcement.
All supplemental documents must be submitted electronically before the closing date of this vacancy announcement. You have three choices for submitting your supplemental documents:

Download from your USAJOBS account; or
Upload your file(s); or
Fax using the online Fax Cover Sheet.

Failure to submit required documents, based upon how you apply, may result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted. Official documents are not required at the time of application, copies are sufficient. If selected, official documentation must be submitted prior to appointment.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited
towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized
by the U.S. Department of Education.

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package.

As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits.

EPA OIG offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes: paid vacation, sick leave, 10 paid holidays per year, life and health insurance, Long Term Care insurance, dental and vision insurance, flexible spending account program, and retirement savings and investment plan similar to 401(k) (Thrift Savings Plan).

EAP OIG also offers a broad array of work-life flexibilities and services to employees such as, flexible work schedules, teleworking, transit subsidies, fitness center, and employee assistance and wellness programs.

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is Full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
MERIT PROMOTION (MP) VACANCY ANNOUNCEMENT - Current Federal employees with competitive status; Former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility; CTAP/ICTAP eligibles; Veterans with VOW, VEOA, or 30% disability; Military Spouses. Those eligible under an OPM interchange agreement."	657	Washington
Computer Security Systems Specialist - Senior (3.2 SECURITY ENGINEERING SUPPORT)	Technical and Management Resources, Inc.	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"Overview:

TMR is looking for a Computer Security Systems Specialist to support the Department of Transportation Administration (TSA), Office of Information Technology (IT), Technology Solutions Division (TSD). TSD will be adding additional IT systems to support the TSA Pre✓® expansion effort. All systems are used to improve the security of our nation’s transportation systems by applying dynamic risk-based, intelligence driven vetting procedures and enhancing its use of technology. This position is located in Annapolis Junction, MD.
Responsibilities:

Provide Information Systems Security Officer (ISSO) support services that involves Security Engineering and Security Compliance for TSA’s mission critical systems, including Secure Flight (SF), Screening Gateway (SG), Transportation Vetting System (TVS), Technology Infrastructure Modernization (TIM) System, and the Security Threat Assessment Mission Platform (STAMP) that will significantly improve security operation of our nation’s traveling public.
Qualifications:

Required:
Must have 15 years of experience.
Computer Security Systems Specialists must possess a Batchelor’s Degree or higher and have an active Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) certification.
US Citizen able to obtain/maintain Public Trust clearance
Preferred:
The following certifications are preferred but not required: Linux+, Network+, CCNA, CAP, CEH, ESCA, and OSCP.
The following experience is preferred, but not required: Security Development lifecycle management, DevSecOps, and CI/CD integration.
The Specialist should have experience with a variety of Programming Languages including Java, PHP, C, .NET as well as experience with various Operating Systems including Windows, Linux and Unix."	657	Washington
Senior International Data Management Specialist	ICF	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"ICF seeks a Senior International Data Management Specialist with international experience to work in our Rockville, Maryland office (when it is safe to reopen) to support International Health and Development projects, including the population-based household surveys and evaluation activities for USAID’s Bureau for Resilience and Food Security and Bureau for Humanitarian Assistance and CDC’s Population-based HIV Impact Assessment Surveys. You will work on a variety of projects, including food security and HIV surveys, and have an excellent opportunity for growth alongside recognized experts in the field.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop and support mobile data capture (CAPI) systems for population-based surveys in developing countries using the CSPro software system, using both Windows and Android operating systems
Work with in-country implementing partners, specifically the in-country data managers to strengthen their capacity in supporting mobile data capture systems
Prepare training materials and partner with implementing agencies to train large groups of local field staff in mobile data collection.
Supervise fieldwork activities and provide troubleshooting assistance
Prepare and review data files for consistency and anonymization prior to their release to the public
Communicate throughout the entire survey process with other team members within ICF, implementing agencies, and key stakeholders in a clear and timely manner
Bridge communication between CAPI programmers and ICF team members, implementing agencies, and key stakeholders
Represent data management team at ICF and respond to requests or needs in project-wide meetings within ICF, as well as with implementing agencies and key stakeholders
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, public health, demography
At least five years’ experience managing large data sets
Experience managing software development and data management activities
Strong programming skills in a language such as C#, C++, Python, Ruby, Java, R, Stata, or SAS
Strong organizational and self-management skills, including the ability to balance multiple tasks simultaneously and set strategic priorities
Ability to work both independently and in teams
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills and ability to explain thought-process
Experience in training large groups of adult trainees
Ability to travel internationally up to 30% (international trips are typically 2-4 weeks at a time)
Preferred Qualifications:
Master’s degree
Experience using CSPro or other survey software such as Survey Solutions, Epi-Info, Open Data Kit (ODK)
Experience training staff in low- and middle-income countries
Experience in data management or data editing
Experience and interest in nutrition, public health, demographic research
Working at ICF
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy .
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement .
Rockville, MD (MD18)"	657	Washington
Senior Mulesoft Integration Specialist	AETOS	Washington, DC	None	"Company Description
AETOS LLC is a Minority Owned CVE Certified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) providing information technology solutions focused on building a business that is customer-centered and performance-oriented. At Aetos, we specialize in developing IT solutions to optimize functionality and efficiencies for government and commercial clients to meet their business needs.

Job Description
We are seeking a Senior Data Migration/ Mulesoft Developer for a project with a government agency that is migrating local applications and data to a cloud-based solution (Salesforce). This role will be responsible for successful ingestion, cleansing, transformation, loading, and display of significant amounts of Salesforce data to another Salesforce org. Knowledge of Mulesoft for for the ETL application and knowledge of Salesforce is key to success.
You will play an important role in establishing our Mulesoft Platform within the Business Applications Team. You’ll develop integration solutions to support the cross-functional needs for integrating Salesforce with other SaaS applications and key internal systems.
This role will be responsible for producing architecture & integration designs as well as hands-on development work to deliver scalable integration processes. The ideal candidate will have strong Mulesoft knowledge and experience working on large scale projects, handling large volumes of data.
Responsibilities:
The role will include, but not limited to the following:
Development of the Data Migration plan per project which must include a mapping between the source data to the destination objects/fields and detail all data transformations required. The Data Migration Plan shall also include the validation/testing plan associated with the transferred data.
Setting up the data migration, transformation and validation environment.
Support numerous connections including but not limited to Salesforce, other Cloud technologies as well as files, File Transfer Protocol (FTP), Open Database Connectivity (ODBC), web services, Microsoft Office products, standard databases, and data warehouse connectors.
Support project efforts in terms of working with the user team during meetings/presentations, crafting conceptual solutions, assisting with time estimates, documenting designs, and providing input on impact to systems
Collaborate with the broader architecture community to provide input into IT strategies and standards
Support a variety of transformations as well as workflow management that can arrange and execute transformation tasks in a specific order or conditionally. While also keeping logs of errors, be able to schedule run/re-run at specific times, handle large volumes of data, alert users when errors occur and support conditional rules on what to do with specific errors.
 Ensure that legacy data is accessible both during and after data migration.
Create and provide the Data Migration Validation Report which shall include all migration utility results associated with the projects data migration

Qualifications
Required Experience:
8 years minimum of SQL knowledge and strong skills in creating and using complex SQL queries, Stored Procedures and validating reports/back end data
5+ years of API and web services development experience
Strong knowledge and working experience on Mule 4+ Integration.
Good knowledge of data structure and data management practices (maps, caches, ETL)
Development experience with any industry standard ETL tools (Example: SalesForce Data Loader, Pentaho Data Integrator, Informatica, SSIS, etc.)
At least 4 years experience in working with Salesforce as data object.
Preferred experience with performing Org to Org migrations within Salesforce, standard objects and custom objects.
Working experience with DBMSs (Oracle, MSSQL).
Experience working with large Federal government projects a plus.
At least 8 years of hands-on experience in application development and systems analysis / design. Proven analytical, decision making and problem-solving skills. Strong knowledge of the software development life cycle.
Experience measuring planned integrations and estimating expected vcore requirements and SLA given QPS, data volume, design, etc.
Working knowledge and experience on Java.
Experience both designing and implementing API led connectivity (Mulesoft 3 layer architecture)
Implement SOA design principles and best practices.
Development using Anypoint Studio, Connectors, Message Queue, OAuth, Scopes, Routers, Flows and Error Handling, Mule batch jobs
Development and management of MuleSoft API lifecycle.
Understanding of Mulesoft Enterprise Security and other security features (such as policies, roles, etc.)
MuleSoft Application Packaging and Deployment Strategies.
Preferred to have Mulesoft Designer or Developer Certifications
Qualifications:
US Citizen - Must be eligible for MBI Security Clearance.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Information Technology, or equivalent professional experience.
10.1.1
Additional Information
** Due to security clearance and contract requirements please only US Citizens apply.
No Corp 2 Corp.
10.1.1"	657	Washington
Business Specialist V	KBR	Washington, DC	None	"Title:
Business Specialist V
TRMC Financial Analyst
Role and Responsibilities
The successful candidate for this Financial Analyst position will be part of the KBR team currently supporting the Test Resource Management Center (TRMC) in the development of new Test and Evaluation (T&E) capabilities. The selected Analyst will work directly with the TRMC Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and program managers to ensure funding of numerous T&E programs are properly maintained. The selected candidate must be adept at working with government budget/accounting systems and must have strong experience of successfully collaborating within high-performing teams with multiple stakeholders. Come join a team that is building the T&E range capabilities of the future!
Requirements
Minimum seven year's prior directly relevant experience
Understanding of federal government budget/accounting systems, processes, procedures, and regulations
Familiarity of Federal financial database
Past participation in, or exposure to, internal controls documentation
Strong analytic, administrative, communication, computer, and organizational skills
Solid financial and planning skills
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Must be customer focused and a team player
Knowledge / Skills / Abilities
Support the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for the Test Resource Management Center (TRMC)
Under limited supervision, performs accounting activities related to conducting and documenting financial analysis projects and applying Government financial standards, policies, concepts, practices, and methods.
Support professional analysis in the areas of budgeting and reporting at the Office of the Secretary of Defense Program Element, portfolio, and project levels
Lead Military Interdepartmental Purchase Requests (MIPRs) generation and processing for TRMC investment programs.
Reviews and analyzes financial reports and data for accuracy and identifies, reports, and corrects errors as required
Work with the CFO and program managers to ensure funding of programs is properly maintained
Support the budget formulation for Program Objective Memorandum (POM) inputs
Conduct review of program manager developed spend plans in support of POM initiatives.
Monitors contracts executed and supported by TRMC for financial compliance
Perform various analyses of financial reports and data from Government accounting systems
Summarizes and reports to management on overall financial execution and financial position as required.
Produces monthly trend reports and supports internal and external audits as required
Ability to communicate effectively with technical and senior leaders.
Excellent computer skills, specifically in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Excellent interpersonal skills, oral and written communication skills, and strong personal motivation.
Ability to work independently and provide appropriate recommendations for optimal analysis and development.
Willing to interface one on one and in meetings daily with the TRMC customer and program/project Leads.
Willing to prepare monthly cost reports and ensure such deliverables are submitted in a timely fashion and of high quality/accuracy.
Desired
Team oriented
Self-motivated; proactive
Able to work in dynamic and fast paced situations
Strong analytical skills/attention to detail
Able to efficiently use Microsoft Office, Power Point, Excel and DAI accounting software
Able to process Military Interdepartmental Purchase Requests (MIPRs) in a judicious manner
Education and Experience
Skills required for this job are typically acquired through the completion of an undergraduate degree and 7+ years of experience.
Additional Notes
Must be a US citizen.
Must currently have and/or be capable of obtaining a security clearance
KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law."	657	Washington
Senior Technical Support Specialist Tier II WFH in Washington	Zest City	Washington, DC	$38,000 - $83,000 a year	"Fast pace business supporting blue chip clients
$38-83000 USD subject to experience
Working for the market leader

Responsible for providing assistance to customers in an enterprise and multi-site infrastructure needing to resolve problems with their computer systems by answering service requests. Provides more complex troubleshooting and assistance for customer systems, scheduling escalations as needed. Perform daily equipment checks to ensure equipment is functioning properly. Provides support for department using basic acquired job skills and knowledge of the company.


Major Accountabilities:


Network Operations Center Functions - Provide Tier II support to clients related to issues with assigned business unit products and services (e.g., VOC, data, etc.) while ensuring adherence to established corporate and departmental policies and procedures
Respond to escalated tickets from Tier I support staff to issues that impact clients business operations
Perform more advanced troubleshooting of routers and systems making adjustments within scope of responsibility
Test modifications to systems to ensure operation before implementing for client's use
Contact common carrier and work with them to resolve issues determined to be in their area of responsibility, acting as a liaison between them and the client
Update information on trouble tickets as necessary, and close out trouble tickets when clients' issues have been resolved
Work aging tickets to resolution, engaging appropriate higher level support teams as needed
Provide constant communication to clients on any/all outstanding issues
Provide backup support to Tier I, answering incoming client calls involving questions or issues (e.g., moves, adds, changes, service affecting issues, etc) with services being provided
Document all trouble tickets with clear, concise explanations in a timely and accurate manner ensuring adherence to department policies and procedures May resolve Tier I problems (e.g., modify call flow, password reset, web feature modification, add/delete users, etc.) as needed
Using various tools (e.g., Tivoli, etc), monitor circuits and network functions and activities for issues
Research Assistance - Assist in resolving routine issues by identifying issue(s) and researching in a timely manner
Document all issues thoroughly maintaining department files
Continuously evaluate the status of all work efforts, ensuring all tasks are prioritized to assist in providing timely and quality services
Assist in monitoring issue trends, escalating such trends to supervisor to determine appropriate actions necessary to eliminate future occurrences and improve service levels
Team Interface/Customer Service - Establish and maintain a professional relationship with internal/external customers, team members and department contacts
Cooperate with team members to meet goals or complete tasks
Provide quality customer service that exceeds customer expectations and improves level of service being provided
Treat all internal/external customers, team members and department contacts with dignity/respect
Escalate to supervisor any situation outside the employee's control that could adversely impact the services being provided

Qualifications:


Education
High school diploma or GED required
College courses from an accredited college or university in computer science, MIS or a related field preferred
Experience
Minimum 2 years experience in a network operations or technical support environment required
Advanced work in pursuit of a Bachelors degree (e.g., junior and senior year, etc.) in computer science, MIS, or a related field can be substituted for one year of technical support or network operations experience
Technical Knowledge
Basic troubleshooting methodology knowledge preferred
Cisco Certified Network Associate (e.g., Voice, Wireless, Security, Service Provider Operations) or higher designation preferred
Minimum 1 year experience with Cisco networking systems required
Minimum 1 year experience with troubleshooting or configuring voice services required
Minimum 1 year experience with call flow configuration required
Other
Basic knowledge of Word and Excel required
Based on departmental need, may be required to work weekend or evening shifts"	657	Washington
Leader Security & Compliance Business Acceleration	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
10+ years’ information security management, product management, business development, program or project management, and/or operations experience in and around information technologies, with a special emphasis on knowledge and experience related to information security and compliance.
5+ years direct experience with IT security, defense in depth, compliance frameworks, cloud computing, service-oriented architectures, distributed systems, modern application architectures, and the like.
3+ years’ experience guiding customers and internal stakeholders around business and technical strategies in the security area, and to translate from business requirements to technical solutions.

Are you an experienced cybersecurity leader? Do you have broad and deep knowledge of cloud computing and related IT technologies, especially as it relates to US security and compliance? Do you have solid experience understanding and influencing security-related technology decisions made by public sector customers (governments, educational institutions, non-profit entities, and non-governmental organizations)? Do you have a talent for helping technical and non-technical leaders understand how they can use security as the foundation for transformation, and the consultative and leadership skills to launch a project on a trajectory to success? Do you have a unique combination of deep technical knowledge, business acumen and strong interpersonal skills? Do you enjoy working with customers to achieve greater successes and enhanced security by using cloud technology as part of a broader IT modernization effort?

At AWS, customer obsession is in our DNA, and the successful candidate will become a trusted advisor to our customers. We are seeking an experienced executive cybersecurity leader (ideally, a prior Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) or equivalent from the US federal government or Department of Defense) to join a team of technical industry specialists within the Worldwide Public Sector (WWPS) business supporting US customers. Working side by side with internal AWS Security teams, Amazon Public Policy, WWPS sales leaders and solutions architect managers, and professional services practice managers, you will be responsible for developing and delivering on a strategy to help educate public sector market segments, customers, and regulators about how the AWS cloud can improve their security posture from their current on-premises implementation and remove barriers to cloud adoption. As part of that effort, you will bring data and persuasive abilities to bear to help lay to rest any remaining concerns about cloud security.

You’ll work closely with security marketing managers and public relations managers to develop and deliver higher level messages. This role will also assist with account-level sales to help with specific customer engagements. You will function primarily at the crucial middle level between marketing and sales to influence public sector markets broadly across the globe. You will have a special emphasis on public sector customers in the US, specifically the US federal government, Department of Defense, and/or intelligence community, but you will also work closely with colleagues in EMEA and APAC. Together with those colleagues, and supported by your own set of technologically deep, security-focused Solutions Architects within the WWPS team, you will help create and track goals, metrics, and reporting as you develop and execute a global strategy, with local customization as needed. You will have high visibility at the most senior levels of government agencies, healthcare organizations, and AWS including frequent interaction with CISOs, CISOs, CTOs, their staffs, and AWS senior leadership.

The ideal candidate will have executive experience and possess a diverse background in information security management, business, marketing, sales and/or business development, IT management, infrastructure, and/or engineering background, as well as knowledge of cloud computing, industry trends, product development, business and organizational skills, and strong technical know-how. This role requires a passion for public sector customers and their missions, a talent for innovation, a desire to learn and be curious, and a high level of comfort navigating ambiguity while creating clarity as you move forward. You must be able to scale and influence key decision-makers both externally and internally, while also being able to dive deep, paying attention to details.

Responsibilities


Working with WWPS leaders, develop a strategy to influence and measurably impact public sector customers’ perception and experience around AWS’s world-class cloud security and compliance capabilities; and then deliver on that strategy.
The strategy will include, but not be limited to, improved security marketing and messaging (working closely with the AWS Security and AWS Marketing teams); evangelism, content development and delivery, and participating in industry events; specific security-related strategic customer engagements in a sales overlay model; and efforts to improve security and compliance models and regimes in different countries and public sector submarkets (working closely with the AWS Assurance team).
Engage with US public sector customers to convey cloud computing security, compliance, and risk management best practices.
Provide mentorship across AWS sales and solutions architecture teams regarding US public sector security and compliance to build skills in the field.
Support Amazon Public Policy, when requested, as a public sector healthcare security and compliance expert, reviewing draft government legislation and policies, providing comments, and engaging regulators and policy-makers to influence pro-cloud language from a security and compliance perspective.
Develop, elucidate, and bring back to the AWS engineering and security teams customer feedback and requirements to help AWS continually improve its capabilities, features, and delivery models.
In sum, work closely with global WWPS account teams, marketing, public policy, AWS Security, sales and technical leadership to drive adoption of AWS cloud and service solutions into top public sector accounts by focusing on security and compliance, educating, influencing, knocking down barriers, and changing market perceptions to a significant degree.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.

Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.


Experience as the Chief Information Security Officer (or equivalent) of a US government organization entity (federal, DoD, intelligence community, or state or local government).
Master's degree or PhD in relevant business, computer science, or engineering disciplines
Industry certifications (CISSP, CISA/M, CIPP/CIPM/CIPT).
15+ years of relevant senior business or technical leadership, information security management, product management, business development, program or project management, and/or operations experience in and around information technologies, with a special emphasis on knowledge and experience related to information security and compliance.
Experience in a customer-facing, sales-aligned role such as consultant, solutions engineer or solutions architect.
Specific experience with AWS services and technologies, especially with security services and architecture.
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges; strong analytical and excellent communications skills, verbal/presentation skills, writing skills, and attention to detail.
Proven ability to influence and guide both customers and internal stakeholders around business and technical strategies in the security area, and to translate from business requirements to technical solutions.
Have a passion for innovation, be comfortable defining a way forward in the face of ambiguity, have the ability to scale and influence broadly, and as well as the ability to dive deep and pay attention to details.
Must enjoy working in a highly collaborative, fast paced environment; outstanding interpersonal, collaboration, and teamwork skills and experience.
Highly effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skills; demonstrated ability to effectively and comfortably interact at senior and executive levels.
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role.
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction record.

The pay range for this position in Colorado is $122,300.00 – 160,000.00 yr; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site."	657	Washington
Senior Document Specialist	ABBTECH Professional Resources	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	Senior Document SpecialistLocation: Ft. Belvoir, VAClearance: Top SecretPerforms declassification review of Army records in accordance with Executive order 13526, as amended. The position requires people who have excellent reading and comprehension skills, understand records management and have over SEVEN years of experience working in the declassification or records management areas.Provide on-site technical support services to U.S. Army Management and Declassification Agency. Weekly progress reports shall be submitted in by each individual working under this contract to the Hexagon US Federal project coordinator.QualificationsOn-site representative will be trained and skilled in overall computer systems and applications. Each on-site representative will meet certification level requirements to the level as required and defined in GSA contract.Completion of specialized training in E.O. 13526 requirements, the declassification analysis process, use of classification guides, recognition of Army equities, proper disposition of documents reviewed and mastery of automated tools and tracking system.Completion of training by Department of Energy and be certified as Historical Records Reviewers for the purpose of identifying Restricted Data and Formerly Restricted Data in documents under review.Must be able to recognize equities from other agencies and make proper referrals of documents to those agencies.All on-site representatives are required to hold current United States of America citizenship. TOP SECRET security clearance is required to perform this task.Must have a bachelor degree from an accredited college or university with at least seven (7) years of experience in the field of specialized expertise with respect to Army Records Management or similar DoD programs / projects. Additional years of experience may be substituted for lack of degree.ABBTECH is an EOE/Minorities/Women/Disabled Individuals/VeteransJob Type: Full-timePay: $0.00 per hourSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Security Clearance Required:Top Secret (Required)Work Remotely:No	657	Washington
Cyber Security Forensic Specialist - Senior	Criterion Systems, Inc.	McLean, VA	None	Overview: At Criterion Systems, we developed a different kind of business—a company whose real value is a reputation for excellence built upon the collective skills, talents, perspectives, and backgrounds of its people. By accepting a position with Criterion Systems, you will join a group of professionals with a collaborative mindset where we share ideas and foster professional development to accomplish our goals. In addition to our great culture, we also offer competitive compensation and benefit packages, company-sponsored team building events, and advancement opportunities. To find out more about how Criterion can help you take your career to the next level please visit our website: www.criterion-sys.com.Responsibilities: This Specialist will support overall network defense activities, provide in-depth analysis of suspected malicious code and/or infected systems and network devices, perform necessary inspection and reverse-engineering activities to understand the behavior of the software, the root cause for its presence, and develop recommendations on how to counter the threat.Qualifications:A bachelor's degree in computer engineering, computer science, or other closely related IT discipline.An active TS/SCI with Poly is required.Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.Demonstrated experience using Encase and Open Source methods and tools to perform Computer Forensic investigationsMinimum of five years of progressively responsible experience in cyber security, incident response, forensic investigations, with at least 3 years of experience specifically conducting cyber forensic investigations independently.Good interpersonal, organizational, writing, communications, and briefing skills.Cyber Security Forensic Specialist - IAT Level III or CND-IRDesired Qualifications:Encase and other certifications preferred_Criterion Systems, Inc. is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination at all levels of our organization. We believe in treating all applicants and employees fairly and make employment decisions without regard to any individual’s protected status: race, ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, creed, sex/gender, gender identity/gender expression, sexual orientation, physical and mental disability, marital/parental status, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation, and related medical conditions), age, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. _For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit https://careers-criterion-sys.icims.com/.Job Type: Full-time	657	Washington
Senior Information Technology Specialist (Cybersecurity)	US Government Accountability Office	Washington, DC	$97,481 - $136,749 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in GAO’s Information Technology & Cybersecurity (ITC) team, Center for Enhanced Cybersecurity (CEC) in Washington, DC. The incumbent serves as a Senior IT Specialist (Cybersecurity) performing technical IT security assessments at organizations of audit interest. The incumbent also serve as an individual contributor on an engagement team performing a range of duties that typically include taking the responsibility for a technical cybersecurity segment of the engagement.

Responsibilities
Takes a lead role in conducting access controls assessments that requires detailed technical testing and verification of controls in complex, diverse and interconnected network environments at organizations of audit interest. Controls assessments includes but not limited to penetration testing tools and techniques, boundary protection, identification and authentication, authorization, cryptography, audit and monitoring, configuration management, and software development.
At the direction of the Assistant Director (AD) and the Auditor-In-Charge (AIC), works collaboratively with other team members in the planning and timely execution of information systems general and application controls assessments. This includes involvement in the engagement design, data collection, analysis, message development and drafting segments of products that are technically accurate, complete and appropriately targeted to the product audience.
Conducts analysis of data collection efforts that includes conducting interviews with technical staff, independent testing and verification of controls, and reviews of relevant technical documentation and data. Documents results in a clear, balanced, and objective manner that meets the needs of congressional clients and conforms to all audit requirements and quality standards.
Presents results orally and in writing to technical and managerial audiences internal to GAO and at external organizations of audit interest.
Responsible for the maintenance, configuration, and reliable operation of computer systems that may include servers, network devices, virtualization, and laptops.
Serves as a coach and mentor to Band I IT Analysts and Professional Development Program (PDP) staff.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Occasional travel may be required.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
NA
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen
You may be required to submit a financial disclosure statement.
You must be suitable for federal employment.
Employees new to GAO must complete a two year probationary period.
Registered for Selective Service, if applicable. (www.sss.gov)
You must meet all qualifications requirements before the announcement closes.
Qualifications
Basic Requirements:
Applicants must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below:

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

AND

Specialized Experience: Applicants must have 1 year (52 weeks) of specialized experience at the next lower band or level equivalent to the PE-I or PT-II band level, or GS-12 level in the Federal Service, or comparable private/public sector experience which has equipped the applicant with the skills and knowledge to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience for this position is extensive experience in three or more of the following areas:

(1) assessing cybersecurity posture of enterprise networks and systems;

(2) using vulnerability assessment tools and techniques;

(3) managing multiple operating system environments (for example, Linux and command line, Microsoft and PowerShell, and virtualization environments);

(4) coding and scripting (for example, Java, C and Python);

(5) networking technologies such as firewalls, routing, switching and intrusion detection;

(6) managing cloud resources and security (for example, Amazon Web Services and Azure); and

(7) conducting computer forensics.

Specialized experience for this position also includes working collaboratively and effectively in a highly technical team environment, developing detailed plans and schedules, identifying risks, preparing supporting documentation, and presenting results/briefings to senior management officials.

NOTE: Your application should clearly show your possession of the specialized experience qualification requirement and the four competencies listed above.

You must meet all qualification requirements before the announcement closes.
Education
There is no education requirement for this position.
Additional information
This is a bargaining unit position.

Based on the staffing needs, additional selections may be made through this vacancy announcement.

Travel and relocation expenses will not be paid for by the GAO.

The U.S. Government Accountability Office’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunity for all regardless of race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, or gender identity.

The U.S. GAO is part of the Legislative Branch of the Federal government. As such, all positions are in the excepted service. Initial appointments, permanent or indefinite, to the GAO require completion of a one-year or two-year probationary period.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Applicants will be considered for selection throughout the opening period. Your resume and supporting documents will be reviewed to determine if you are qualified and eligible. If you are determined to be qualified and eligible for the position, your application will be referred to the selecting official for further consideration.

All applicants will be rated based on their responses to the assessment questions, in conjunction with the following Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA’s):

Extensive knowledge of one of more of the following IT technical areas: Linux operating systems and the command line interface, Windows operating systems and PowerShell, networking and wireless technologies, web-based systems and applications, coding and scripting, virtual servers and cloud technologies, or database systems.
Extensive knowledge of federal and industry IT security standards and guidelines, and vulnerability assessment methods including the use of penetration tools and techniques, use of vulnerability scanners and scripting tools that can be used to assess the security posture of organizations of audit interest. Ability to think critically, comprehend and apply federal and industry standards and guidelines to audited controls as compliance criteria.
Mastery in collecting, analyzing and evaluating cybersecurity-related quantitative and qualitative data collected from various sources to make logical inferences and/or draw accurate conclusions to identify problems and solutions for improvement, by leveraging knowledge in one or more of the following cybersecurity- related areas: cybersecurity policies and laws; best practices for protecting computer systems and data from cyber-attack; cyber incident detection, response, and mitigation capabilities; cybersecurity of critical infrastructures; and information assurance/ information security best practices.
Skill in researching and organizing evidence findings and prepare information in a concise and structured manner to communicate recommendation to target audiences.
Skill in communicating orally and in writing to prepare reports, lead and participate in Interviews and meetings and to make presentations to agency officials, Congressional staff and others. By way of definition, oral communication may include methods used by employees with disabilities such as sign language interpretation, text-to-speech or TTY technology, and amplification devices.
Ability to work collaboratively with other team members and to prioritize work while working on multiple engagements and other tasks simultaneously.
Possess or ability to obtain technical industry certifications such as Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), SANS cybersecurity certifications, or vendor specific certifications (Red Hat, Microsoft, Cisco, Splunk, etc...).


To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You must provide a complete application package which includes:

Resume: must be created using the USAJOBS resume builder and show relevant work experience.
Current or former federal employees may submit their most recent Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent), showing tenure, type of service (competitive/excepted) and the highest grade held.

Failure to submit any of the above mentioned required documents will result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Individuals selected will be eligible for a full range of federal employment benefits including vacation and sick leave, retirement coverage and Thrift Savings Plan, and health and life insurance. A complete list of benefits is available on the web at

http://www.gao.gov/careers/benefits.html
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
This vacancy is being advertised under Direct Hire Authority. https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/hiring-information/direct-hire-authority/"	657	Washington
Tailored Desktop Support Level 2 (TS/SCI Required)	The Sasser Group, Ltd.	Springfield, VA	None	This is an exciting opportunity to use your technical skills helping the Information Technology Enterprise Managed Services (ITEMS) User Facing Services (UFS) mission at the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA). In this mission, we provide NGA with a bridge to the future, strengthening critical ISP services to mission users, harnessing the capacity of current and emerging Intelligence Community Information Technology Enterprise (IC ITE) services, and delivering the Power of GEOINT into the hands of users supporting critical time-sensitive missions. Our team operates and sustains UFS for NGA, provide continuous improvement in the effectiveness and efficiency of UFS, implement special orders to rapidly support mission needs without disrupting daily operations and posture NGA to transition to future IC DTE service offerings.Please Note: An active TS/SCI Clearance is mandatory for this position.Primary ResponsibilitiesProvide PC, telephone, voice and video conference support. Quickly respond to customer issues regarding application/hardware related issues, and resolve on the spot problems. Other duties include:Unpacking and setting up PCsInstalling PC operating systems via scripted install packagesInstalling application software on PCs via scripted install packagesProviding basic user support for the software; PC, telephone and video troubleshooting when operation errors occurProviding limited support related to microcomputer networks and providing user training in basic hardware and software functions.Performs all administration involved with PC (desktop/notebooks) distributionPerforming inventory on software and computer stock and making request for order or ordering new equipmentPerforms service center technology support which may include duties such as installing an IP phone, installing COTS – GOTS software using scripts and install packages, service center technology trouble shooting when operation errors occurWorking closely with other members of Service Operations team, Service Design and Service Transition personnel and other IT technical and applications staff.Supporting network and locally attached printersUse of the Support Center ticket database to track, update and close tickets.Creating and maintaining documentation to help train employees in resolving day-to-day issues and knowledge transfer.Identify and execute process improvements and other enhancements that improve operational efficiency.Basic QualificationsSecurity+Must currently possess a TS/SCI with Poly to be consideredEducation/Min Years Experience: HS/GED -- 8 years experienceAssociates -- 6 years experienceBachelors -- 4 years experienceMasters -- 2 years experiencePhD -- 0 years experienceSkills & Tasks:  Complex - develops new concepts and processes. Analyzes root causes and resolves issues. Supports more junior level technicians and specialists in their activities. Can perform all tasks of lower level technicians or specialists.Individual Work / Teamwork or Leadership / Management:  Leadership/ Management - Works individually, actively participates on integrated teams, and may also lead a task, project or teamGuidance:  Requires guidance and direction from more senior level technicians, specialists, and managers only when dealing with new, uncertain situations. Provides guidance to lower level technicians and specialists.*** TELEWORK IS NOT AN OPTION. Candidate must report to the work site ***Job Type: Full-timePay: $1.00 - $2.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Security Clearance:Top Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	657	Washington
Software/Web Engineer - Level 3 (ACTIVE TS/SCI REQUIRED)	The Sasser Group, Ltd.	Alexandria, VA	None	This is a Direct Hire position as a Software Application Services (SAS) Software Packaging Engineer supporting the ITEMS contract in the Development/Operations (DEVOPS) section. The role of the Software Engineer is to design, develop, write, document, and implement software automation tools, modules, and products in support of the ISP objectives. Supports and/or installs software applications in large-scale deployments. Consults on investigation and resolution of discrepancy reports. Provide technical input for complex support issues. Act as a technical liaison between internal teams. Provide assistance to engineers and support staff globally. Define programming practices and standards. Generates test software and conducts unit-level test cases. Supports design reviews and other reviews and control gates as necessary. Work with large globally distributed data sets, ascertaining metrics and meaning.Duties and qualifications, identifying both essential and marginal duties: Strong background in object-oriented programming with Batch and PowerShell.Strong working knowledge of Systems Administration of Widows-based platforms, including server and workstation operating systems.Aptitude to troubleshoot software-related issues in a fast-paced operational setting.Basic working knowledge of Software Version Control systems, including Subversion.Passion for problem-solving in time-sensitive situations.A plus would be experience with System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM).Experience with PDQ Deploy and Inventory is a plus.Aptitude to work with SQL and NoSQL databases is a plus.Experience with Python, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML is a plus.Self-motivated, self-directing, and aggressively communicative.Physical Requirements: The visual acuity to work on a computer for extended periods of time, a means to move from one workstation to another, and the ability to communicate with other employees and clients.Education, Skill, and Experience Requirements: A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Technology, or related field and at least 8-10 years relevant work experience.4+ years object-oriented programming, with a background in C# or .Net language preferred.Experience running production infrastructure for high availability.Fundamental networking knowledge, including OSI model and TCP/IP.Proven time management skills are required.A background in sound software engineering practices is required.Knowledge of IT security concepts and practices is required.Strong written/verbal communications skills are required.Knowledge of software packaging technologies – Windows Installer, Wise, AdminStudio, or similar packaging technologies is desired.Experience with NGA programs and NGA facilities is a plus.Current IA Certification: Security + preferred. Cert must be obtained within 6 months of hire.Skills & Tasks:  Complex - develops new concepts and processes. Analyzes root causes and resolves issues. Supports more junior-level technicians and specialists in their activities. Can perform all tasks of lower-level technicians or specialists.Individual Work / Teamwork or Leadership / Management:  Leadership/ Management - Works individually, actively participates on integrated teams, and may also lead a task, project, or teamGuidance: Requires guidance and direction from more senior-level technicians, specialists, and managers only when dealing with new, uncertain situations. Provides guidance to lower-level technicians and specialists.Education/Min Years Experience: HS/GED -- 8 years experienceAssociates -- 6 years experienceBachelors -- 4 years experienceMasters -- 2 years experiencePh.D. -- 0 years experienceJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:Health insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	657	Washington
Security Specialist	VTG	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Position Overview:

We are seeking a Security Administrative Specialist located in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities:
The Security Administrative Specialist provides support to the Office of Security and Counterintelligence (OS&CI) senior managers in areas of division and operational administrative security functions. The services shall support the offices of the NRO and others as required.
This labor category has three skill levels: Entry, Intermediate, and Senior.
Qualifications:
TS/SCI with Poly
BS Degree plus 1 year (Entry), 3 years (Intermediate) or 5 years (Senior)
Knowledge of Microsoft Office and standard computer applications
Oral and written communication skills sufficient to compose and deliver responses to customers' routine questions in a clear and concise manner
Knowledge of security specific systems, databases, websites, and software, including Facility and Information Security Accreditation Tool, VRBS, APICS, Scattered Castles, Joint Personnel Adjudication System or their successors
Intermediate level must also have ability to:
Experience with personnel security policies and practices
Experience in access control, security personnel and physical security functional areas, to include but not limited to access control software and systems, personnel security policies and procedures, and facility physical security requirements
Experience working in an environment with compartmented programs.
Senior Level must also have the ability to:
Experience performing adjudicative support
Expertise in eliciting information, articulating information, and documenting information in a well-organized manner;
Advanced ability to lead a team of security professionals encompassing multiple disciplines
Familiarity with Intelligence Community Directive (ICD) 705 regulations, to include requirements pertaining to Co-Use agreements"	657	Washington
Help Desk Specialist, Senior & Journeyman (DoD Secret w/ SSBI)	Rollout Systems, LLC	Arlington, VA	None	"JSF IT - NEW 5 YEAR CONTRACT - HIRING NOW

Position Description: Responds to and diagnoses problems through discussion with users. Ensures a timely process through which problems are controlled. Includes problem recognition, research, isolation, resolution, and follow-up steps. Supervises operation of help desk and serves as focal point for customer concerns. Provides support to end users on a variety of issues. Identifies, researches, and resolves technical problems. Responds to telephone calls, email and personnel requests for technical support. Documents, tracks, and monitors the problem to ensure a timely resolution. Provides second-tier support to end users for either PC, server, or mainframe applications or hardware. Interact with network services, software systems engineering, and/or applications development to restore service and/or identify and correct core problem. Simulates or recreates user problems to resolve operating difficulties. Recommends systems modifications to reduce user problems. Provide technical assistance to computer users. Answer questions or resolve computer problems for clients in person, or via telephone or electronically. May provide assistance concerning the use of computer hardware and software, including printing, installation, word processing, electronic mail, and operating systems. Acts as the overall lead, manager and administrator for the contracted effort. Serves as the primary interface and point of contact with Government program authorities on technical and program/project issues.

Oversees contractor execution of the contract requirements. Manages acquisition and employment of program/project resources. Provides support to distributed PC/networking environment including installation, testing, repair, and troubleshooting for stand-alone PCs, PCs linked to networks, printers, and other computer peripherals. Support responsibilities include software installation, and configurations. This technician performs technical, operational, and training support to users of personal computers either by telephone, or on-site for PC desktop hardware and software packages. Job duties require the technician to install and test personal computers, printers, and other peripherals, configure operating system, load shrink-wrap programs and other application software programs. In this position, the incumbent troubleshoots computer problems, performs hardware and software diagnostics, coordinates needed repairs, resolves computer system problems, including coordination between users and components of a local area network, and participates in the evaluation of system configuration and software.

Knowledge of help desk ticketing systems, managed services software, Windows 10, 7, Active Directory, Network Basics, VPN Basics, and Mobile Device Basics.

Minimum Education Required:

For SENIOR position: MS/MA degree in Computer Science, Information Sciences, or related IT discipline.
For JOURNEYMAN position: BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Information Sciences, or related IT discipline.

Minimum Experience Required:

For SENIOR position: Ten (10) years of directly related experience supporting help desk Tier 1, Tier 2, and/or Tier 3 operations, preferably supporting a large-scale government customer.
For JOURNEYMAN position: Five (5) years of directly related experience supporting help desk Tier 1, Tier 2, and/or Tier 3 operations, preferably supporting a large-scale government customer.
Experience providing technical support for microcomputer hardware, networks, account administration, and office automation software via telephone, as appropriate.
Experience with Remedy/Help Desk Management Systems.
Progressive experience in the management of a technical support team.
Experience developing and providing Service Level Agreements and Help Desk deliverables.
IAT Level II baseline certification in accordance with DoD 8570.01-M, Information Assurance Workforce Improvement Program, (or achieve within six months of TOA or hiring)
Certified as a Microsoft Certified Desktop Support Technician (MCDST).

Security Clearance: Department of Defense Secret clearance based upon a SSBI or SSBI-PR completed within the past five years.

--------------------------------

Rollout Systems, LLC, founded in 2001, is a full-service, services, and information technology company specializing in enhanced organizational performance. Rollout Systems is a customer focused and results-oriented company, and brings together the right combination of talent, creativity, and drive to assist our customers in meeting their goals. We provide personal attention rarely found today, enabling a one-of-a-kind customer/contractor experience.

Our corporate culture is built upon the principles of open communications and teamwork that keeps a talented, tenured workforce in place; consistent quality services; proactive, out-of-the-box thinking and the highest ethical values. We provide our employees
the best of benefits, including but not limited to generous paid time off, education opportunities and a matching 401k plan.

We believe in empowerment for success and provide the tools needed to do the best job possible for our customers. Our corporate values are transparent; we are open and honest with each other. Rollout Systems supports the communities that support our customers. In every way, every day, at work or at play, we support the Warfighter that keeps America the ""Land of the Free"".

Rollout Systems, LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,
color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, Protected Veteran status, and sexual orientation/gender identity. This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Learn more about Rollout Systems at www.rolloutsys.com."	657	Washington
Senior IT Specialist	Excivity Inc	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Responsibilities:
Excivity is looking for the right candidate for our Corporate IT staff which supports the company’s IT and infrastructure engineering. This position is perfect for the candidate who enjoys learning and implementing technologies and security engineering, while performing a critical support role to all of our projects and employees. The company recently invested in a redesign of our network to improve security and project efforts, which is still in the process of being integrated. Excivity considers our progressive and secure IT infrastructure as a critical service within the company and vital to our ability to meet project needs and facilitate corporate culture. Internally, we refer to our IT team as the IT Ninjas.
If selected, you will be part of a small team responsible for the day-to-day operations and maintenance of corporate systems, employee computers and connectivity, troubleshooting employee technology problems, integration with corporate IT policies/services, and ensuring our systems meet the security and documentation requirements for government certifications. The ideal candidate will not only have excellent communication skills and customer-focused mindset, but will also have strong technical skills and an eagerness to provide hands-on support with technology investigations and implementation, monitoring, and maintenance. The candidate will be responsible for ensuring the infrastructure is compliant with all applicable policies while also providing the tools and services needed to meet the demands of the company and projects. This position requires excellent time and management skills to support multiple concurrent IT projects. Ability to support after-hours troubleshooting, incident resolution, and regularly scheduled maintenance is expected. The work location is at Excivity's headquarters building in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities:
Resolve IT support service requests and incidents, including troubleshooting hardware, software and various connectivity and access issues
Perform employee hardware/OS setup and access management
Ensure security and software baselines are enforced with management software
Support all network users and ensure the services needed to meet Excivity’s mission are available to those users
Ensure compliance with all applicable IT policies required by Excivity’s customers to include NIST 800-171 and CMMC requirements
Perform ISSM functions for classified systems, including approvals of new systems
Protect Excivity knowledge from outside infiltration, insider threat, and project isolation through encryption, secure data storage, access controls, continuous monitoring, scanning and audits, and other necessary means
Ensure completion of regular O&M tasks to include security patching/updates, log review, access audits, and system backups
Maintain documentation on all systems to include architecture, procedures, change logs, and maintenance schedules
Maintain user reference documentation and provide user training for IT systems
Regularly communicate and engage (in-person, email newsletters, presentations, etc.) with the workforce to provide both insight to upcoming IT projects/changes and receive feedback on IT services
Provide system users with access to well organized overviews, training, guidance, and policies of IT services
Troubleshoot hardware and software issues in person and remotely
Track and manage all IT inventory to include hardware and software licenses
Continually monitor and investigate trends in the IT industry, new products, and security advisories to better protect and enhance IT services
Qualifications:
Required:
U.S. Citizen (Required)
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology or a related field or equivalent hands-on experience (Required)
Willingness to support end-users to include after hours on-call support (Required)
Design and Administration of IP Based Networks, 3 Years (Required)
Network security monitoring and intrusion detection, 3 Years (Required)
Network functional status monitoring and alerting, 2 Years (Required)
Administration of Fortgiate Devices, 2 Years (Required)
Experience with VPN Technologies such as IPsec or OpenVPN, 3 Years (Required)
Experience with SSL/TLS configurations and certficate management, 2 Years (Required)
Administration of MacOS (clients) and Linux (servers and clients) systems, 1 Year (Required)
Virtualization Technologies – Proxmox or VMware, 2 years (Required)

Preferred:
Deployment Automation Technologies - Ansible, 2 years (Preferred)
Administration of Office 365, 1 year (Preferred)
Administration and use of Splunk, 1 year (Preferred)
Customer Service, 2 years (Preferred)
Technical Writing, 2 years (Preferred)
LDAP Authentication, 1 year (Preferred)
Python and Bash Programming, 1 year (Preferred)
CMMC and SSP Documentation, 1 year (Preferred)
Understanding of SAML/OAUTH SSO technologies, 1 year (Preferred)
Understanding of the DoD CMMC certification process and requirements, 1 year (Preferred)
Administration of PFSense and Vyos Devices, 2 Years (Preferred)
#LI-BP1
Company Overview:

Excivity, a BlueHalo Company, creates and deploys mission-enabling technologies, including specialized security applications and situational awareness toolsets. We create software and hardware, perform assessments and security reviews of technology, advise clients on securely implementing technology, perform advanced Cyber Investigations, and provide unique Cyber Security Training for travelers into high technical threat environments. We make mission happen by innovating, breaking, building, and teaching."	657	Washington
Criminal Investigator (Special Agent in Charge)	US Environmental Protection Agency	Washington, DC	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
We are an independent office within the EPA that helps the agency protect the environment in a more efficient and cost effective manner. We perform audits, evaluations, and investigations of the EPA to promote economy and efficiency, and to prevent and detect fraud, waste and abuse. We strive to provide solutions to problems that ultimately result in making America a cleaner and healthier place. Come join the team!

Responsibilities
This position is located in EPA, Office of Inspector General (OIG), Office of Investigations (OI). The Office of Investigations refers its findings to the U.S. Department of Justice for prosecution, EPA, or EPA OIG management for action. The Office of Investigations investigates allegations of fraud, waste, abuse, and misconduct having an impact on EPA programs and operations. Investigators conduct the EPA OIG’s criminal investigations, which look for violations of the law. Investigations may involve such areas as financial fraud, employee misconduct, intrusion into EPA systems and computers, impersonating EPA officials and theft of EPA property and funds. The types of allegations our special agents may investigate include, but are not limited to: Financial fraud, such as contract and grant fraud; Employee Integrity; Cybercrime; Laboratory Fraud; and theft of EPA property or funds.

Responsibilities

The ideal candidate will perform the following duties:

Plans, directs, organizes, and conducts complex professional operational support programs to include the management of firearms, evidence, sources and funds, badges, vehicles and property;
Develops recommendations for systems, procedures, policies and programmatic improvements in investigative methods and techniques;
Plans, directs, organizes, and oversee operations and investigations regarding cybercrime, intrusion, and digital forensic operations;
Conducts long-range program planning involving investigative priorities and schedules and other related activities impacting the programs and operations of the EPA;
Prepares written communications to senior OIG management personnel, requiring procedural and investigative expertise including detailed knowledge of investigative, cybercrime, digital forensic, operational, and administrative policies and procedures;
This position is designated as a “Secondary Position” pursuant to 5 CFR 842.802. Secondary duties mean those duties of a position that: (a) Are paramount in influence or weight; that is, constitute the basic reasons for the existence of the position; (b) Occupy a substantial portion of the individual's working time over a typical work cycle; and (c) Are assigned on a regular and recurring basis.
Persons serving in this position are covered for purposes of law enforcement retirement by 5 USC 8336 (c).

Travel Required
25% or less - Occasional travel - You may be required to travel up to 25%.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
15
Job family (Series)
1811 Criminal Investigation
Similar jobs
Criminal Investigators
Investigators, Criminal
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Conditions of Employment

U.S. Citizenship Required.
Background Investigation Required.
Pre-employment physical is required and periodic physicals thereafter.
Pre-employment drug testing is required and random testing thereafter.

Criminal Investigators - Special Provisions

Medical Requirements: You must be found to be physically fit by an authorized government physician to perform strenuous and physically demanding duties.

Age Requirements: You must be at least 21 years of age and not older than 36 at the time of appointment. In accordance with PL 100-238, this position is covered under law enforcement retirements provisions; therefore, you must be appointed before reaching your 37th birthday unless you presently serve or have previously served in a Federal civilian law enforcement retirement-covered position.

Law Enforcement Training: You must have successfully completed and passed Federal Law Enforcement Training Center's Criminal Investigator training program (CITP), OR an equivalent and recognized federal law enforcement training program.

You must carry and regularly qualify with an agency issued firearm. Lautenberg Notice: Title 18 USC, Section 911 (g), automatically disqualifies anyone who has been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence from being appointed to this position. You must not have been convicted of a felony crime.

Work Schedule: The hours are long and irregular. You must be available at all times, to include holidays. You may also be sent on extended temporary duty station assignments away from your assigned office. You may be reassigned to different duty locations throughout the U.S. based on the needs of the Agency.

You must have a valid driver's license and be able to operate a Government-owned or leased motor vehicle.

You will be required to obtain and maintain a top-secret security clearance. You must meet time in grade requirements no later than 30 calendar days after the closing date of this announcement
Qualifications
All applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level in the Federal Service.

Specialized experience is experience that has equipped the candidate with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position.

Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following: (1) Planning, organizing, and directing investigations specifically in the areas of cybercrime and digital forensics; and (2) Utilizing criminal investigative techniques, rules of criminal procedures, laws, and precedent court decisions concerning the admissibility of evidence, constitutional rights, search and seizure, and related issues in the conduct of investigations.

Evidence of the above specialized experience must be supported by detailed documentation of duties performed in positions held. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience. We will not make assumptions regarding your experience or based on job titles alone. If your resume does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s).

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Applicants must meet the qualifications for this position within thirty (30) days of the closing date of this announcement.

In addition to the above specialized experience, applicants must also demonstrate the competencies listed below:

Criminal Investigations
Surveillance
Seizure
Planning and Evaluating
Writing
Oral Communication
Intrusions / Digital Forensics

Evidence of the above specialized experience and competencies must be supported by detailed documentation of duties performed in positions held. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.
Education
This position does not have a mandatory education requirement.
Additional information
Are you a Displaced Federal Employee? If so, please read the Required Documents and visit the EPA website for additional information http://epa.gov/ohr/ezhire/vacancy_requirements.htm.

EPA participates in e-Verify. E-Verify is an Internet based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in partnership with the Social Security Administration (SSA) that enables participating employers to electronically verify the employment eligibility of their newly hired employees. This information is used to determine your qualifications for employment. The use of this information is authorized under Title 5 USC, Sections 3302 and 3361.

If you are selected, travel, transportation, and relocation expenses will not be paid by EPA. Any travel, transportation, and relocation expenses associated with reporting to work in this position will be your
responsibility.

This position is not in the bargaining unit.

EPA OIG provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities on a case-by-case basis. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, please contact the Human Resources Specialist listed in this vacancy announcement.

Payment of relocation expenses is NOT authorized.

All the information you provide will be verified by a review of the work experience and/or education as shown on your application, by checking reference and through other means, such as the interview process. Any exaggeration of your experience, false statements, or attempts to conceal information may be grounds for not hiring you or for firing you after you begin work.

Additional selections may be made through this vacancy announcement.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. After the vacancy closes, we will review your application package to determine if you meet the minimum qualifications for the position. If you meet the minimum qualifications, your responses to the questionnaire, resume and supporting documentation will then be reviewed. Your resume must support your responses to the self-assessment questions or your score may be lowered. The best-qualified candidates will be identified for referral to the hiring manager and may be invited to an interview.

ICTAP candidates will be eligible if it is determined that they have exceeded the minimum qualifications for the position by attaining at least a rating of 90.

Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, salary, duties performed for each position, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level/pay band.

Your resume must clearly show possession of these competencies.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Top Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
NCS/High Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Your package must be complete and submitted in the manner specified in this section. Packages that are submitted in any other manner without prior approval from the agency point of contact will not be considered.

A complete application includes:

Resume;
Vacancy question responses; and
Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible).

If you are a current or former federal employee you must a copy of your most recent SF Form 50, Notification of Personnel Action, that shows: (1) permanent or career-conditional tenure (codes 1 or 2, in block 24), and (2) position occupied in the competitive service (code 1, in block 34). To be considered as a non-competitive eligible candidate, the SF-50 must show the highest grade level or promotion potential level applicant has attained competitively and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying. Indicate on your application the highest permanent grade you have held; if this grade is different from your current grade, submit a copy of an additional SF-50 showing this grade.

For proof of Veterans Preference you must submit a DD-214 (member copy 4)and, if applicable, Standard Form 15, VA Letter. You can find additional information about Veterans' Preference at fedshirevets.

If you are eligible for special hiring authority, please indicate this when you apply, and submit the supporting documentation for proof of eligibility for the special hiring authority, such as disability, Peace Corps service, Interchange Agreement, etc. Other documents identified in this announcement.
All supplemental documents must be submitted electronically before the closing date of this vacancy announcement. You have three choices for submitting your supplemental documents:

Download from your USAJOBS account; or
Upload your file(s); or
Fax using the online Fax Cover Sheet.

Failure to submit required documents, based upon how you apply, may result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted. Official documents are not required at the time of application, copies are sufficient. If selected, official documentation must be submitted prior to appointment.

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package.

As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits.

EPA OIG offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes: paid vacation, sick leave, 10 paid holidays per year, life and health insurance, Long Term Care insurance, dental and vision insurance, flexible spending account program, and retirement savings and investment plan similar to 401(k) (Thrift Savings Plan).

EPA OIG also offers a broad array of work-life flexibilities and services to employees such as, flexible work schedules, teleworking, transit subsidies, fitness center, and employee assistance and wellness programs.

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is Full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
MERIT PROMOTION (MP) VACANCY ANNOUNCEMENT - Current Federal employees with competitive status; Former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility; CTAP/ICTAP eligibles; Veterans with VOW, VEOA, or 30% disability; Military Spouses. Those eligible under an OPM interchange agreement."	657	Washington
IT Help Desk Specialist II	Ultra Electronics	Chantilly, VA	None	"The Ultra IT function manages IT operations across the global locations, providing the technology, vision and leadership in the development and implementation of IT strategies and priorities that support business growth. The IT function manages all aspects of IT Security in safeguarding all the information assets for which Group businesses are responsible.
Ultra Innovates Today for a Safer Tomorrow!
Ultra Maritime Naval Systems and Sensors (NS2) is a provider of underwater and surface solutions for the US and allied government customers. Our products include undersea defense, acoustic countermeasures, sonar systems and radar solutions.
The Help Desk Analyst II will provide IT support for the Chantilly site. He/she will provide support to the end user community through:
configuration, deployment, and troubleshooting of computer hardware and software using remote tools, phone as well as in person.
prioritizing incidents and requests to ensure the most severe issues receive attention first
following up on open incidents and requests to keep tickets up-to-date
serving as an escalation point for more serious technical issues, and work with other team members in the development of their technical skills.
Duties include:
Install Win10 image and configure new computers and deliver to end users
Install, configure and/or troubleshoot a variety of software including O365, and engineering packages.
Setup phone extensions and voice mail, and resolve any issues
Perform routine maintenance of workstations and servers with guidance from Sr. Systems Administrator, including daily review of backup process.
Provide new hire orientation on IT systems and processes
Provide support to and receive support from remote team
Required Skills:
3+ years providing computer support in a corporate environment (in person and remotely), customer service skills important.
Windows 10 experience: image build process, configuration, troubleshooting
1+ years of Active Directory Management: user setup, security groups
1+ years of Linux(RHEL): software, hardware knowledge
1+ years of VMWare 5.5, Exagrid, Veeam
General networking knowledge: able to troubleshoot connectivity issues
1+ years of VPN client support
3+ years of Smartphone support
Ability to obtain a US Government security clearance. Security clearances are granted to U.S. citizens.
Desired Experience:
Knowledge of Bomgar remote support software
Knowledge of Kace Help Desk Ticketing software
Powershell Scripting experience for automation
A+ or Microsoft or comparable certification
Ultra specialises in providing application-engineered bespoke solutions. We focus on our customers' mission critical and intelligent systems in defence, security, critical detection & control markets. Our capabilities and technologies can be found on many of the world's long-term military programmes. We employ over 4,500 employees across the globe and are listed on the London Stock Exchange. Ultra operates mainly as a Tier 3 (sub-system) and occasionally a Tier 2 systems provider, in the Maritime, C3 (Communications, Command and Control) and Cyber, military and commercial aerospace, nuclear and industrial sensors markets. We use both research and development , to provide innovative, mission specific bespoke technological solutions to our customer's most complex problems. Learn more by visiting our website; https://www.ultra.group/
We offer medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance, health savings accounts, paid time off, and a 401(k) plan with a Company match.
This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities and prohibit discrimination against all indibiduals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, and for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing compensation. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
Reasonable accommodation statement: if you need an accommodation for any part of the application process, please email careers@ultra-us-gbs.com"	657	Washington
Security Operations Center Specialists	QOMPLX	Tysons, VA 22102	None	"About QOMPLX:
Developer of enterprise operating systems designed to support the development and management of decision platforms in virtually any business domain. The company's system delivers customers advanced detection and monitoring, adaptive response, and risk optimization capabilities against advanced attackers, enabling clients to quickly and easily integrate all of the disparate data sources across the enterprise into a unified analytics infrastructure to make better decisions.
Security Operations Center Specialists – All Signals Analyst
(Sr. role is based on experience not responsibility)
To hold this role, you are expected to engage with and have a passion for signals analysis (alerts, incidents, events, etc.) and threat intelligence. You want to find ways to make your work more effective by tackling a problem and documenting the solution so it can be repeated and eventually automated.
You seek to provide better insight into the events you review and provide our clients with actionable decisions they can make to adapt and respond to possible cyber-incidents. You have a passion for solving interesting problems and teaching others because the problem you just solved was interesting.
This role requires a unique blend of technical analyst, an expert in the interactions of technology and events, and investigator, someone who can draw lines between seemingly unconnected acts to find
patterns and anti-patterns. Understanding of how systems interact with each other and how people interact with systems really adds your value above being a simple human monitoring system.
When you do not have the right tool for the job, you are the one who finds or proposes a solution. The ability to communicate and document how you need the tools to work is also as critical as communicating your technology gap. Working with development and the organizational technology
team, you provide the insight and requirements needed to expand the capability of the functions you use every day to accomplish the task of watching the walls of the client castle better and more efficiently.
This is not a position that watches the clock. Incidents and events can occur at any time, and in this role, you are expected to be available and responsive to assist the client. That said, flexibility comes from
leveraging your team, so this role is also one where you coordinate with peers and train junior and senior members through your experience. Demonstrating leadership is an expectation of every team member at every level – ingenuity and innovation do not have a title.

Qualities:

A passion for problem solving and critical decision making – curiosity and a resistance to static answers in dynamic situations.
Comfort with writing procedural or narrative practices – document the story of what you did and build a repeatable method that others will follow.
Solid translation skills – take the technical details and convert them to common sense explanations, assisting any audience to quickly understand the problem while providing guidance and options for action and solutioning.
Mentor and eternal student – the problems we face are constantly changing, sharing our knowledge, and learning from each other is the only way to keep up. Thorough understanding of the application of Information Security – it’s not just theory, its people and process and not just technology – you need to understand how people work, not just what are the controls around them.

Responsibilities:

Perform analysis around cyber-events by conducting research; evaluating the effect and impacts generated by the event, developing or recommending analytic approaches of solutions to problems with incomplete information.Identification of cyber threats through common methodology such as the MITRE ATT & CK frameworkCoordination and communication with client technical staff to prepare assessment reports, briefing and action reports in response to identified security events, tailoring analysis and options for the client operational environment.Utilize multiple analytic tools, databases and techniques to perform signal analysis and provide documented outcomes.Provide feedback and drive continuous improvement of internal processes, products and services.Share information with fellow analysts to improve the efficiency and response capabilities of the SOC organization and services.

Skills:

Technical acumen with various technology solutions and platforms to research and analyze provided signals around security events.
Conversational knowledge of SIGMA, HELK, ELK, YARA open-source projectsKnowledge in SOAR, CASB, UEBA 4-7 years of hands-on experience in operational using SEIM, firewall, IDS/IPS, proxy, DLP, and/or virtualization tools in support of detection, response, mitigation, and/or reporting of cyber threats affecting systems and networks 3 or more years working in a 7/24 security operations environment with hands-on event analysisProficient working with various Infrastructure tools/technologies such as SCCM, GPO, ActiveDirectory/KerberosStrong background in Microsoft Windows and Linux/UnixExperience in developing and deploying critical security architecture solutions such as SEIM, Firewalls, IDS/IPS, Proxies, DLP, Virtualization, and Host security solutions.Experience with Vulnerability scanners like Nessus, MVM, Qualys, etc.Knowledge of Networking protocols and technologies, e.g. TCP/IP, firewalls, routers, etc. Understanding of Infrastructure Security and its impact on Security Operations, Vulnerabilities, Reporting, Analytics and Monitoring.Broad knowledge of security best practices, security solutions, and methodologies for conducting advance security assessments, to include manual assessments and malicious user testingKnowledge and understanding of network protocols, network devices, multiple operating systems, and secure architectures.Knowledge and understanding in computer evidence seizure, computer forensic analysis and data recovery, network forensics and system log analysis.Experience with current cyber threats and the associated tactics, techniques and procedures used to exploit computer networks.Knowledge of performing risk, business impact, control and vulnerability assessments.Direct involvement in data source normalization techniques and methods

Qualifications:

Reside in the greater Washington D.C. area or able to relocateBachelor’s degree or 4 years of relevant work experienceMinimum of 4-7 years of experience in roles related to cyber security operations performing cyber security analysis, process and proceduresWilling to work shifts to support 7/24 operations, including weekend and on-call coverage
Compensation & Benefits:
Competitive salary
Full range of benefits, including 401(k) and medical, dental & vision coverage
Flexible “Personal Time Off (PTO)” plan and 10+ paid holiday days per year
Contact Us
Apply for this role at QOMPLX.com/careers"	657	Washington
IT Specialist (Network/CustSpt)	US Defense Contract Management Agency	Chantilly, VA	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
See below for important information regarding this job.

This is a Direct Hire Authority (DHA) solicitation utilizing the DHA for Certain Personnel of the DoD Workforce to recruit and appoint qualified candidates to positions in the competitive service.

Additional vacancies may be filled from this announcement
Responsibilities
Technical Project Management. Serves as senior technical specialist within the assigned organization providing technical project management and assistance in the planning, delivery, and management of customer IT support services.
Customer Service Support. Servers as Subject Matter Expert (SME) on local infrastructure, network and system administration, desktop hardware, software, peripherals and communication devices.
Provides Global Service Center (GSC) support to maintain service level objectives; maintains up to date knowledge of Enterprise system and network status to facilitate effective resolution to customer issues.
Life Cycle Management (LCM). Manages the LCM program within the assigned organization.
Developing hardware requirements, plans and schedules for the deployment, distribution, installation, removal and disposal of new, modified and legacy infrastructure, hardware, operating systems, and software.
Property Custodian. Serves as the property custodian for the assigned organization managing all property transactions including hand receipts, equipment transfers, and annual physical inventories.
Performs Information Assurance Technical Level II duties. Assurance posture.
Coordinates the day-to-day and emergency infrastructure, system, desktop and information assurance problems.
Serves as the local SME to develop, test and deploy specific packages, patches, and upgrades to maintain the Enterprise's Information.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Computer Network Support Specialists
Computer Support Specialists
Computer User Support Specialists
Desktop Support Specialists
End-User Support Specialists
Specialists, Computer Network Support
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. citizen
Security Requirements: Non-Critical Sensitive with Secret Access
Appointment is subject to the completion of a favorable suitability or fitness determination, where reciprocity cannot be applied; unfavorably adjudicated background checks will be grounds for removal.
Selective Service Requirement: Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service.
Qualifications
To qualify for an IT Specialist (NETWORK/CUSTSPT) position, your resume and supporting documentation must support:

A. Specialized Experience: One year of specialized experience that equipped you with the particular competencies to successfully perform the duties of the position and is directly in or related to this position. To qualify at the GS-12 level, applicants must possess one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level or equivalent under other pay systems in the Federal service, military or private sector. Applicants must meet eligibility requirements including time-in-grade (General Schedule (GS) positions only), time-after-competitive appointment, minimum qualifications, and any other regulatory requirements by the cut-off/closing date of the announcement. Creditable specialized experience includes: .
Consulting with customers to identify requirements/develop solutions/deliver products and services.
Applying IT principles, methods, and best business practices to provide guidance and operational/technical end-user computer support.
Managing an IT life cycle management program to maintain the most current hardware and software within an Enterprise.
Troubleshooting/performing system diagnostics to resolve complex IT issues, recover failed systems, and maintain the Information Assurance posture.
B. For all positions individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below:
1. Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
2. Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
3. Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
4. Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.
Education
Substitution of education may not be used in lieu of specialized experience for this grade level.

Additional information
This position does not meet criteria for appointment of Reemployed Annuitants. The DoD criteria for hiring Reemployed Annuitants can be found at: http://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf
Tour of Duty: Flexible
FLSA: Exempt
Bargaining Unit: Yes
Selectee may be required to serve a trial/probationary period.
Recruitment/Relocation/Retention Incentive maybe authorized at Management's discretion.
Information Assurance (IA) Position: This position requires DoD 8570.01-M Sec+ certification within 6 months of hire date.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
The assessments for this job will measure the following Competencies:

Information Technology Customer Support
Information Technology Life Cycle Management
Project Management
System Administration
Writing

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility and/or score.

Direct Hire Evaluation: Once the application process is complete, a review of your application will be made to ensure you meet the job requirements. This vacancy will be filled through OPM's Direct Hire Authority. All applicants who meet the basic qualification requirements will be forwarded to the Selecting Official for consideration. The rule of Three, Veteran's Preference and traditional rating and ranking of applicants do not apply to this vacancy. We will evaluate your application for basic eligibility and to determine if your experience meets the basic qualification requirements described in the announcement. All applicants who meet the qualifications and other basic requirement are eligible for referral and selection consideration. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (e.g., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc).

PLEASE REVIEW THE BELOW LINK FOR OTHER SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS needed for proof of eligibility:

https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/DoDGenAppInfo%2012-1-2020.pdf?ver=ECNbdsHtGilTd3OENN4A0Q%3d%3d

As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply.

If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.

1. Your resume:
Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
If your resume includes a photograph, hypertext/hyperlinks, or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy.
You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.
For additional information see: What to include in your resume.
2. You MUST submit documents verifying your eligibility with your application package. These documents may include, but are not limited to:
If Using Your Education to Qualify: To meet basic qualifications or substitute education for experience, you MUST provide a complete copy of transcripts, licenses, etc. to support your educational claims.
For Military Spouse Preference (MSP): You must provide a signed Military Spouse PPP Self-certification Checklist, PCS orders/verification of duty location assignment, a copy of marriage certificate or license and documents as listed on the Military Spouse PPP Self-certification Checklist.
For Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): This program applies to employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service or Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position; Well qualified is defined as possessing the type and quality of experience that exceeds the positions minimum qualifications. and 3) submit one of the following as proof of eligibility for the special selection priority: a separation notice; a ""Notice of Personnel Action"" (SF-50) documenting separation; an agency certification that you cannot be placed after injury compensation has been terminated; an OPM notification that your disability annuity has been terminated; OR a Military Department or National Guard Bureau notification that you are retired under 5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456. For more information, please visit OPM.
For Current/Former Military Members:
Disabled Veterans: You are required to submit a letter from the Department of Veteran's Affairs certifying your overall service connected disability percentage AND character of service.
Future Military Retirees: Military retirees seeking to enter federal service in the Department of Defense require a waiver if appointed within 180 days following their official date of retirement. You are required to submit a copy of your retirement DD-214 (which indicates character of service), OR certification document, OR a copy of your retirement letter AND a copy of your terminal leave request (if applicable).
Future Separation from the Military: You are required to submit a copy of your most recent DD-214 (which indicates character of service), OR certification document, OR a copy of your most recent active duty orders AND a copy of your terminal leave request (if applicable).Active duty military members who are selected may not be appointed unless on terminal leave or already separated from the armed forces. A ""certification"" is any written document from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is signed. The Statement of Service must be signed by, or by direction of, the adjutant, personnel officer, or commander of your unit or higher headquarters, AND the Statement of Service letter must include your rank, dates of active duty service, the Type of Discharge, Character of Service (i.e. honorable), and, if applicable, when your terminal leave will begin.
Helpful Information:
To obtain a copy of your DD214 or your combined Disability Rating (VA Civil Service Preference Letter) visit https://www.ebenefits.va.gov/ebenefits-portal/
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Military spouses
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
This announcement is open to All U.S. Citizens."	657	Washington
Principal Solutions Architect – Security Specialist	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
10+ years of experience in the design, implementation and operation of complex systems
5+ years of experience in an information security or compliance role
1+ years experience with the cloud computing business model
1+ years experience with compliance frameworks such as NIST, CIS, HIPAA
3+ years of hands on experience deploying or supporting traditional security infrastructure such as WAF, IDS/IPS or SIEM tools

This position can be located either remotely or at one of our Amazon offices within the contiguous United States. Preference to locations near a major airport due to future travel requirements once travel is appropriate.

Are you passionate about cloud computing with a special focus on information security and compliance? Do you have a unique combination of deep technical knowledge, business acumen and strong interpersonal skills? Do you like helping organizational leaders think through how to secure services in the AWS Cloud? Amazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking a security and compliance solutions architect to work with our US based public sector customers to solve and address their security and compliance questions.

At AWS, customer obsession is in our DNA. The successful candidate will become a trusted advisor to our customers and will work with AWS sales, business development, solutions architecture and product teams to develop the internal security and compliance expertise needed to deliver results.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:


Work with AWS public sector customers to convey cloud computing security, compliance, and risk management best practices
Develop technical content, such as white papers and reference architectures, that can be used by our customers to assist them in deploying secure and compliant cloud-based solutions
Provide mentorship across AWS sales and solutions architecture teams regarding security and compliance to build skills in the field
Working with regulators and governments to better understand compliance models in the cloud
Represent AWS at trade events by delivering presentations and workshops

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future


A degree in computer science, MIS, engineering or related discipline, and relevant industry certifications (CISSP, CISA/M, CIPP/CIPM/CIPT)
Experience in directly supporting public sector customers
Experience in a customer-facing, sales-aligned role such as consultant, solutions engineer or solutions architect.
Experience working with IT and Security leadership to articulate security and/or compliance strategies and plans
A background working in a regulated industry such as financial services, healthcare or defense
Hands-on experience with Amazon Web Services
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills
Demonstrated effectiveness working across multiple business units to achieve results
Meets/exceeds Leadership Principles
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. For employees based in Colorado, this position starts at $116,400.00. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. For more information regarding Amazon benefits, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/benefits. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site."	657	Washington
Systems Specialist Senior	M.C. Dean, Inc.	Tysons, VA	None	"M.C. Dean is Building Intelligence™. We design, build, operate, and maintain cyber-physical solutions for the nation’s most recognizable mission-critical facilities, secure environments, complex infrastructure, and global enterprises.
Our success relies on great people delivering innovative projects and solutions for Fortune 100 companies and the most recognized agencies in government, defense, and security.
Join our more than 4,500 employees worldwide who engineer and deploy automated, secure, and resilient power and technology systems; and deliver the management platforms essential for long-term system sustainability. Together we are creating the integrated systems and technologies that shape the built and cyber-physical world.
We offer an excellent benefits package including:
A competitive salary
Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance
Paid-time off
Tuition reimbursement
401k Retirement Plan
Military Reserve pay offset
Paid maternity leave

Purpose:
The Senior BIM Systems Specialist /Model Manager is responsible for performing specialized project support duties, including BIM model setup and administration, content management, and technical support for other project participants.
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform BIM model setup and administration, content development;
Manage design data and file exchange with project stakeholders, including other contractors and the owners/owner representatives.
Support users relying on specialty design software, such as Autodesk Revit, AutoCAD, Navisworks, Bentley Microstation, as well as other applcations, and develops productivity solutions and best practices for supported software.
Research new and emerging capabilities, develops training materials and performs user training.
Provide software recommendations to supervisors, and maintains licenses pools as required for assigned software.
Develop and maintains standards documentation, and authors/co-authors procedures related to standards.
Facilitate implementation and compliance with standard document control processes across all supported projects;

Work Environment:
May be located either at the Corporate Office, another division or at a Field Office.
Requires working in a fast-paced environment and working long hours, including weekends and evenings, in order to get a project completed on time.
Work involves exposure to computer screens and sitting for extended periods of time, and may require working in areas that are accessible only by O.S.H.A. approved site construction ladders or stairs that are under construction.
May require working in the presence of customers while maintaining a professional and courteous image.

Knowledge and Skills:
Extensive experience and in-depth knowledge of design software, including but not limited to,Autodesk AutoCAD, Revit, Navisworks, and Inventor, as well as BlueBeam. Knowledge of other platforms, such as Bentley Microstation, Solidworx, or Tekla are a plus.
Advanced knowledge of MS Office Suite of products, especially MS Excel
In-depth knowledge of industry best practices and standards for engineering, BIM, and design documentation management.
Strong IT skills and understanding of enterprise IT environment and services such as IP networking, MS Windows OS and its services, Active Directory, web services, file sharing.
Familiarity with industry standards and data exchange formats, including COBIE, IFC, and others.
Strong communication (written and oral), collaboration, time management, and customer service skills.

Years of Experience:
5-7 years' experience

Formal Education:
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science or equivalent experience.

Certifications / Licenses:
Basic certifications in specialty - AutoCAD, Revit, AcroPlot / calculation software – SKM, ETAP, AGI32 / databases.

Abilities
Exposure to computer screens for an extended period of time.
Sitting for extended periods of time.
Reach by extending hands or arms in any direction.
Have finger dexterity in order to manipulate objects with fingers rather than whole hands or arms, for example, using a keyboard.
Listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.
Communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.
Read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.
Apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
Identify and understand the speech of another person.

Security Clearance:
Security Clearance eligibility or an Active Security Clearance is preferred but not required.

Travel Requirements:
Up to 25% travel, must have reliable transportation, a valid driver's license and a satisfactory driving record.
Must be willing to work on M.C. Dean, Inc. projects anywhere in the operating area, may be required to travel or relocate to project locations within the U.S. or international locations for short-term or long-term duration.

EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
VEVRAA Contractor"	657	Washington
Senior Systems Analyst	CACI	Washington, DC 20005 (Logan Circle area)	None	"Job Description
What You’ll Get to Do:
Use analytical thinking and development skills to provide support services and solutions to both internal and external stakeholders.
Create efficient eDiscovery workflows by automating standard procedures, resolving hardware and software issues, and introducing technical solutions to automate and optimize processing and/or data loading.
Develop tools and scripts to automate and monitor the data processing, data loading, and exports/productions as well as provide ad-hoc solutions that provide general support to the customer
Troubleshoot Relativity and LAW issues and come up with solutions to overcome complex impediments
Recommend process improvement to ensure high quality, timely and cost-effective methods are utilized
Work with key stakeholders to identify gaps and inefficiencies in operations and provide technical solutions to improve the lab’s overall efficiency
More About the Role:
Provide consulting services to case teams and Automated Litigation Support (ALS) staff regarding best practices for use of legal technology
Identifies and understands problems or issues through analysis of multiple data sources to draw effective conclusions
Develops documentation and methodology for processing exception handling and protocols for resolving other workflow issues
Use a variety of scripting and development tools (Python, .NET, SQL, Powershell)
You’ll Bring These Qualifications:
Experience with developing tools and scripts for eDiscovery processing, review, or analytics platforms using Python, .NET, Powershell, SQL, or VBA
Requires knowledge of litigation discovery and eDiscovery process, and the EDRM workflow.
Knowledge of Government’s IT environment, including office automation networks, PC and server based applications preferred.
Working knowledge of personal computers, including Windows 10, document review software, and encryption methods.
Experience with LAW, Relativity, MS Office Suite, and other litigation support applications.
Five years previous experience in an e-discovery or litigation support role, preferably in a firm or with an e-discovery vendor performing eDiscovery roles including but not limited to electronic files processing (EFP), image and data file conversion, data culling using review tools, quality assurance, database loads and retrieval, and forensic analysis.
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Relativity Certified Administrator (""RCA"")
Certified eDiscovery Specialist (""CEDS"")
Other Technical Certifications
Undergraduate degree strongly preferred; preferably in the computer science or information management/technology disciplines.
What We Can Offer You:
We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location
US-Washington-DC-WASHINGTON DC


CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities."	657	Washington
Product Specialist	US U.S. Tax Court	Washington, DC	$66,829 - $103,309 a year	"Duties
Summary
As the DAWSON, Product Specialist at the U.S. Tax Court, you will lead the effort to deliver a positive customer experience for DAWSON, an open source electronic filing and case management system, by responding to user support requests and feedback, researching user needs, setting and maintaining quality standards by QA testing, and developing product training materials. You will report to the Product Owner for DAWSON.
Responsibilities
The DAWSON Team is currently comprised of the Project/Product Manager, Senior Software Developer (Tech Lead), DevOps Engineer, Product Owner, Product Specialist - all Court employees - as well as a vendor development team consisting of a Project/Delivery Manager, 11 full-stack engineers, and 2 UX Designers/Researchers.

Major Duties

Leading the effort to ensure user needs are met by the application through applying quality assurance techniques including user acceptance testing.
Working with Court experts to respond to customer support requests to ensure both product-related and Court-related requests are answered.
Leveraging product expertise to investigate, triage, and resolve product bugs/issues/escalations.
Identifying trends in customer support requests and documenting them as bugs or areas for improvement to be prioritized with the Product Owner.
Proactively addressing customer support issues through effective maintenance of user-facing documentation, materials, and product training as appropriate.
Supporting a safe, inclusive workplace and a positive team culture where all team members value diversity and individual differences.

Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13 - GS-13.
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Development Managers
Development Specialists
Managers, Development
Managers, Training
Specialists, Development
Specialists, Training
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Applicants must be United States Citizens or Nationals.
All Court employees are required to adhere to the Code of Conduct for US Tax Court Employees.
Employees of the United States Tax Court are considered ""At-Will"" employees, and, as such, may be terminated with or without cause.
Those who are required must abide by Selective Service registration requirements.
Selection of this position is contingent on a favorable suitability determination and security background check, to include credit check, Federal income tax check and criminal check. A candidate selected for this position must be current on his or her Federal income tax obligations before employment with the Tax Court, and must remain current at all times while employed by the Tax Court. Continued employment post appointment is subject to satisfactory completion of the background investigation and credit check, and favorable adjudication. A background reinvestigation or supplemental investigation may be required at a later time.
All applicant information is subject to verification.
The Federal Financial Reform Act requires direct deposit of federal wages for Court employees.

Qualifications
Basic Requirements: Have experience demonstrating EACH of the five competencies listed below:
Attention to Detail - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant keeps abreast of latest technology, information, research, etc., to maintain knowledge in field of expertise (for example, reads trade journals, participates in professional/technical associations, maintains credentials).
Customer Service - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant promotes or develops and maintains good working relationships with key individuals or groups.
Oral Communication - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant serves on panels, committees, or task forces as a representative for the organization on technical or professional issues.
Written Communication - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant has produced a written work product (for example, writing or creating training materials, technical documentation).
Problem Solving - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant monitors current trends or events (for example, technological, economic, political, social, educational, or employment trends or events) and applies the information as appropriate.
Specialized experience requirements: In addition to the Basic Requirements listed above, you must have one (1) year of specialized experience in EACH of the following:
Experience collaborating and working with cross-functional teams.
Experience supporting both technical and non-technical users of a technical product.
Experience working with computer systems. This experience may include experimentation-based frameworks, iterative development methodologies, user-centered design, planning tools or continuous delivery methodologies.
Experience performing user acceptance testing.
The full- performance level of this position is a GS-13. In order to become a GS-13, an employee must work at least 52 weeks at the next lower grade, must be performing their current position at a fully-successful level, and must show evidence of performing duties at the next higher grade level. Promotion consideration is subject to the supervisor's discretion.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
FOR A MORE COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF THIS VACANCY ANNOUNCEMENT, GO TO: https://www.ustaxcourt.gov/; click on About the Court/Employment/Vacancy Announcements


THIS IS AN AT-WILL POSITION

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
The United States Tax Court is an equal opportunity employer.

Ratings will be based on an evaluation of applicant's experience as related to the duties of this position and the qualification requirements listed above. The resume/application package must provide detailed information showing the extent to which the qualification requirements are satisfied.

If you fail to provide the information as required, your application will not be evaluated beyond the basic screening process. The examining Office of Human Resources (OHR) makes the final determination concerning whether you meet the minimum qualifications.

If you meet the minimum qualifications for this position, the Court will then evaluate your application package to assess the quality, depth, and complexity of your accomplishments, experience, and education as they relate to the requirements listed in this vacancy announcement.

Application of Preference Eligibles: Preference eligibles will be placed above non-preference eligibles within each rating category. Preference eligibles who meet the eligibility and qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 percent are listed in the highest quality category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-9 level or higher.

Special Appointment Authority Information: In accordance with the Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA) of 1998, veterans who are preference eligibles or who have been separated from the armed forces under honorable conditions after 3 years or more of continuous service may also apply.

You must provide documentation of veterans' preference or military service (e.g., SF-15, DD-214), if applicable.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
A resume that clearly demonstrates you have experience which meets the requirements of this position (do not include personally identifiable information such as social security number);
A supplemental written statement, not to exceed 4 pages, which provides a description of basic and specialized experience requirements; and
Most recent Notification of Personnel Action, SF-50 (for current and former Federal employees).
NOTE: AN INCOMPLETE APPLICATION WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED.
Benefits

Benefits
Review our benefits
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
United States Citizens and Nationals only."	657	Washington
Software Development Engineer, AWS Security Assurance Engineering	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
3+ years of professional experience developing software in Java, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, or other language
2+ years of professional experience contributing to system designs and scaling new/existing solutions in a distributed, virtualized, or cloud environment.

The AWS Security Assurance Engineering team is responsible for scaling AWS's ability to exceed the security and compliance expectations of our regulators, auditors, and customers globally. Our team engages directly with AWS service teams to bake security and compliance safeguards into their service offerings. We own driving highly complex security and compliance campaigns across AWS. We design and build services that stand up to the scrutiny of external regulators and inspection by AWS's most security-sensitive customers. We are a multidisciplinary team comprised of software engineers, security engineers, program managers, data engineers, and compliance specialists. If you are looking for an opportunity to think big, invent, experiment, build, and have a material impact on cloud security and compliance, this is it.

As a Software Engineer on our team, you will build and own internal services that identify and monitor security/compliance-relevant attributes of key infrastructure, scale security and compliance assessments of AWS services, and expand our ability to continuously monitor key security functions. You will be part of a growing team that has a high bar for engineer excellence, minimal technical debt, new services to build, and fairly quiet pagers. You will contribute to solving complex engineering problems as well as business problems.

This position can also be located at our Seattle, WA location.

Work/Life Balance
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring. We care about your career growth as a passionate learner that is motivated to take on challenges.


BS or MS in Computer Science or related field.
Experience with Java, CDK, serverless, and building with AWS services
Experience being part of a team that implements Agile software engineering practices.
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role.
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us ."	657	Washington
Research Analyst - Information Technologies/Cyberspace Operations	Institute for Defense Analyses	Alexandria, VA 22311 (Alexandria West area)	None	"Overview

The Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) is a non-profit federally funded research and development center think tank. IDA provides answers to questions posed by the Department of Defense (DoD) and other agencies that require careful analysis. IDA’s goal is to deliver objective, evidence-based, actionable analyses and advice focused on results. The Information Technology and Systems Division (ITSD) focuses on cybersecurity, other cyberspace challenges of national and global significance, and information technologies such as artificial intelligence, communications, and microelectronics. ITSD approaches the growing cyber threat from the perspectives of operations and business, technology and systems, and policy and law, with a particular emphasis on where and how these perspectives intersect. This intersection, also known as “cyber across the seams,” addresses the evolution of cyber as a national security function.

Responsibilities

ITSD has multiple Research Analyst openings focused on cybersecurity, other cyberspace challenges, and information technologies including artificial intelligence, communications, and microelectronics. Research Analysts are highly qualified, self-starting professionals sought to advise DoD officials and selected audiences on cybersecurity challenges of national and global significance. Research Analysts are expected to develop the broader context (the big picture) for problems facing mid-level managers, senior executives, and military officials across the Federal government. Research Analysts are required to identify key components, while creating and executing appropriate analytic methodologies, and clearly conveying their findings to specialists and non-specialists alike. The position requires strong communication skills, and the candidate must be able to speak and write effectively, think analytically, and work independently.

Qualifications

A minimum of:
A PhD in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cyber Security, Data Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, National Security, or Political Science/Public Policy coupled with experience in research, systems analysis/ engineering, or cyber policy analysis; OR
A Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cyber Security, Data Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, National Security, or Political Science/Public Policy coupled with 10+ years’ experience in research, systems analysis/ engineering, or cyber policy analysis.
Demonstrated ability to identify sources, assemble and organize large, complex data sets for subsequent quantitative and qualitative analyses is desired.
US citizenship is required.
Successful completion of a criminal background check is required.

U.S. Citizenship is required
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance is required
Equal Opportunity Employer"	657	Washington
FUNCTIONAL SPECIALIST/ADVISOR (SENIOR)	Athena Global Solutions, LLC.	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Position Title: Functional Specialist/Advisor (Senior)
Department: Mission Management Integration Group (DOM)
Job Category/Family: Systems Engineering and Integration (SE&I)
Full-Time/Part-Time: Full-Time
Position Summary:
Our client seeks a Functional Specialist/Advisor (Senior) to provide expertise, guidance, consultation, facilitation, and thought leadership to the client and/or project team based on specialized in-depth expertise in such fields as: engineering and technology; policy and administration; planning; analysis; training and development; facilities; communications; visual design; human capital; business; and management. Ensures that quality is an integral part of the development, design and manufacture of products or services. Monitors requirements through test and measurement activities; manages/leads quality assurance activities.
Security Clearance:
Must be a U.S. Citizen with a Top Secret (TS) security clearance and SCI Eligibility.

Essential Job Duties include but are not limited to: (Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position)
Review existing programs and assist in making refinements, reducing operating time, and improve current techniques.
Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces.
Obtain and evaluate information on factors such as reporting formats required, costs, and operational needs to determine mission health.
Consult with customers about commercial software solutions, operational planning, and maintenance strategies.
Confer with data processing and project managers to obtain information on limitations and capabilities for data reporting and metrics projects.
Prepare reports and correspondence concerning project specifications, activities and status.
Evaluate factors such as reporting formats required, cost constraints, and need for operational restrictions to determine mission health.
Education/Experience/Specialized Knowledge and Competency Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Remote Sensing, Photogrammetry, Image Science, Data Science, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, Geography, or other related degree program or equivalent Senior level working experience in an engineering field . Bachelor’s in Business Administration will be accepted on a case by case basis.
12+ years of demonstrated experience providing guidance and direction in high technology programs.
12+ years of demonstrated experience in guidance, consultation, facilitation, and thought leadership to the client and/or project team based on specialized in-depth expertise in such fields as:
Engineering and Technology
Policy and Administration
Program Management
Planning
Analysis
Training and Development
Facilities
Communications
Visual Design
Human Capital
Business
Desired:
Master’s degree or higher in Remote Sensing, Photogrammetry, Image Science, Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, Geography, or other related degree program.
Experience in engineering, design and analysis of IT or related systems experience in all phases of design, development, analysis and documentation, and development of standards and guidelines for tasks being performed.
Experience working with DoD/IC Acquisition Process or PPBES.
Experience in Model-Based Systems Engineering, processes, tools and languages.
Previous NGA and/or NSG/ASG program/project work experience.
Previous IC or DoD program/project work experience.
Experience with Agile software development methodologies.
Experience with:
Project Management software (Project, Primavera)
Financial tracking software
Customer relationship management CRM software.
Enterprise resource planning ERP software.
Physical Requirements/Effort:
May require long periods of sitting at a desk, working at a computer.
We are an E-Verify Employer"	657	Washington
Mid-Level Computer Security Specialist	NuCrest LLC	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:
NuCrest is seeking a Mid-Level Computer Security Specialist as part of a Cybersecurity Support Team in Alexandria, VA providing RMF A&A services for PIT and PIT Systems. Assist the Government ISSOs with RMF services for as needed. Must have at least eight (8+) years of experience of demonstrated experience in the Information Security (Cybersecurity or Information Assurance) field; a minimum of at least four (4+) years of experience as an ISSO, working A&A documentation, assessments, and IA program tasks in DHS and DoD; have an active Secret security clearance; a bachelor’s degree or higher in computer science, Information Technology, Information Security, or similar field and have either a minimum IAM Level I Certifications to include one or more of the following: EC-Council Certified Network Defense (CND), CompTIA Cloud+, GIAC Security Leadership Certification (GSLC), CompTIA Security+ CE DoD 8570.01-Manual compliant certifications.
Description:
The Mid-Level Computer Security Specialist evaluates and applies the technical, operational and physical information security to various system and system activities. Has knowledge of computer hardware and operating systems (Windows and UNIX). The Mid-Level Computer Security Specialist assesses information security risks, threats, vulnerabilities; documents findings; and summarizes recommendations in written and oral form for the customer. The Mid-Level Computer Security Specialist should have thorough knowledge of all aspects of Cyber Risk, IT Security, and Information Assurance in the areas of Security Assessment & Authorization (A&A), Contingency Planning, Continuous Monitoring (CM)/On-going Authorization (OA), Privacy, Security Operations, Incident Response, Cloud Security to minimize any type of loss and destruction to information technology systems assets and data. The Mid-Level Computer Security Specialist should also be proficient in researching and evaluating emerging information technologies relevant to information security; interpreting requirements and providing analytical reviews for system architecture, equipment and software; and providing recommendations. The Mid-Level Computer Security Specialist should be proficient in FISMA, DoD and NIST Information Security policies, standards, and best practices and ability to convey information to technical and non-technical audiences verbally and in writing.
Responsibilities:
Carry out activities at the organization, mission, business process, and information system levels of the enterprise to help prepare the customer to manage its security and privacy risks using the RMF. Perform account validation for FISMA tracking system (e.g., Xacta and eMASS).
Categorize the information system into low, moderate, or high potential security impact, using FIPS 199 as a guide. Register the information system through the approve FISMA tracking tools program/management offices (DoD/eMASS, DHS/IACS(Xacta).
Select the security controls for the information system and document the controls in the Security Plan.
Create the Security Assessment Plan (SAPs), Rules of Engagement, and Security Assessment Reports (SARs).
Conduct Assessments for PIT, Assessment and Authorization for PIT Systems and Assessment and Authorization for Information Systems to successfully obtain an Authorization to Operate. Assess the security controls in accordance with the assessment procedures defined in the SAP. Prepare the SAR documenting the issues, findings, and recommendations from the security control assessment.
Prepare the POA&M, consisting of tasks needing to be accomplished and schedules to remediate system weaknesses, based on the findings and recommendations of the SAR excluding any remediation actions taken.
Assemble the security authorization package, containing the results of the SAR, the POA&M, the System Security Plan, and other documents that provide the authorizing official with essential information needed to make a risk-based decision on whether to authorize operation.
Determine the risk (including risk to mission, functions, image, or reputation) to organizational operations, organizational assets, individuals, other organizations, or the Nation. Determine if the risk to organizational operations, organizational assets, individuals, other organizations, or the Nation is acceptable.
Establish cyberhealth dashboards with several metrics. Report the security status of the information system (including the effectiveness of security controls employed within and inherited by the system), to appropriate organizational officials on an ongoing basis in accordance with the organization-defined monitoring strategy.
Develop a strategy for the continuous monitoring of security control effectiveness and any proposed/actual changes to the information system and its environment of operation. Determine and document the security impact of proposed or actual changes to the information system and its environment of operation.
Maintain continuous monitoring for an Information Systems that have been placed into Ongoing Authorization. Conduct selected remediation actions based on the results of ongoing monitoring activities and the outstanding items in the POA&M. Update the Security Plan, SAR, and POA&M based on the results of the continuous monitoring process.
Determine if risk to organizational operations, organizational assets, individuals, other organizations, or the Nation is acceptable. Review the reported security status of the information system (including the effectiveness of security controls employed within and inherited by the system) on an ongoing basis in accordance with the monitoring strategy to determine whether the risk to organizational operations, organizational assets, individuals, other organizations, or the Nation remains acceptable.

Required Skill and Experience
At least eight (8+) years of experience of demonstrated experience in the Information Security (Cybersecurity or Information Assurance) field.
Minimum of at least eight (8+) years of experience as an ISSO/ISSM, working A&A documentation, assessments, and IA program tasks.
Strong familiarity with the NIST Risk Management Framework (800-37), NIST 800-53/53A, NIST 800+ series Special Publications, elated Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS), DHS 4300 A/B/C, DOD 8500.1, DoD Risk Management Framework (RMF) guidance and DoD Assessment & Authorization process, FISMA guidance, and other Federal Cyber Security policies and guidelines. Familiarity with USCG COMDTINST 5500.13
Strong technical, analytic and problem-solving skills combined with the ability to provide quick resolution to problems.
Security domain, implementation and security tools knowledge.
Extensive knowledge of Xacta, eMASS, and Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS).
Knowledge of DOD Host Based Security System (HBSS).
Working knowledge of DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG) benchmarks and STIG Viewer. Capable of conducting manual reviews, interpreting STIG guidance, and implementation recommendations. Familiar with drafting documentation, relating to vulnerabilities. (POA&Ms, Waivers, etc.).
Experience in the analysis of identified system weaknesses identified during system security assessments and the related mitigation plans as they pertain to meeting mandated system security requirements and timeframes. To include weakness POA&M and waiver creation and management.
Must have experience using Microsoft Office Programs (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, etc.)
Demonstrated consulting and analytical skills and experience.
Strong analytical, problem-solving and decision-making capabilities.
Ability to interact with a variety of stakeholders to include vendors, senior leadership, CIOs, and CISOs.
Education:
BA/BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Security.
Certifications:
Minimum IAM Level II certification level to include one or more of the following: EC-Council Certified Network Defense (CND), CompTIA Cloud+, GIAC Security Leadership Certification (GSLC), CompTIA Security+ CE DoD 8570.01-Manual compliant certifications.

Clearance:
Minimum Active Secret security clearance

Work Core Hours:
Eight-hour workday, during the workweek: 8:00 am – 5:00 pm ET, Monday through Friday

Company Background:
NuCrest, LLC is a minority-owned Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB)/Small-Disadvantaged Business (SDB) based in Anne Arundel County, Maryland focuses on delivering a diverse portfolio of security-focus IT Enterprise Services and Solutions to support the critical missions of Federal and Civic clients. We deliver our services across multiple enterprise platforms, data networks, and cloud environments.
At NuCrest we support our Veterans and encourage all to apply!
NuCrest provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training."	657	Washington
Senior Configuration Management Specialist-KEY	Axiologic Solutions	Fort Belvoir, VA	None	"Based in Northern, VA, Axiologic Solutions LLC has opportunities for you to become part of our high-quality team that delivers innovative solutions to key Federal clients. We are seeking a talented Senior Configuration Management Specialist to support our government client in Fort Belvoir. This role will be on a brand new contract!

Axiologic Solutions is looking for a talented Senior Configuration Management Specialist for a new contract. The mission of the Power Projection Enablers (PdM P2E) contract is to provide a full spectrum of required strategic network and information services within all Combatant Commands (COCOMs) through the implementation of a standardized, global info-structure that is scalable, accessible, and defensible, providing continuous communication and coordination across global operations. The Chief Information Officer of the Army has charged PdM P2E with, but not limited to, procuring and installing leading-edge technologies including Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (C4I) systems; computer and communication networks; network convergence; cloud computing; cyber security compliance; visual displays; product tools; product architecture; modeling; electro-optics; transport; radio frequency devices; control systems; and instrumentation equipment. This work will be performed at the P2E Headquarters at Fort Belvoir, VA


Responsibilities

Provide assistance in configuration management of all necessary documentation for the Government to undertake and manage project system acquisitions.
Support the development of the Government’s CM policy, plan, charters, processes and procedures.
Review CM plans for compliance industry standards and the Capability Maturity Model.
Provide configuration accounting in support of change management activities and facilitate/participate in applicable IPTs and Control Boards.
Provide project document CM support.
Provide collection, reviews and input/import of critical Configuration Items (CI) documentation of physical networks, hardware, cabling, and assets to include: Outside Plant (OSP), Inside Plant (ISP), Local Area Networks (LAN), Data Centers, User spaces and desktops, Land Mobile Radio infrastructure, Wide Area Networks (WAN), and as-built Project Drawings.
Prepare/coordinate technical and management-level reports, reporting CM metrics, baseline management and version control.
Provide a working, manageable enterprise C4I implementation that will enable continuous Change and CM of all IT configuration items throughout their lifecycle, cradle to grave.
Support Information Assurance (IA) and Cyber regulatory requirements, support CM processes, supports EIA-649-B Configuration Management standards, and support network accreditation policies.
Maintain Configuration Management Library, including:
All applicable configuration baseline documentation
CM Library IAW the Army Records Information Management System (ARIMS)
Copies of all program documentation and contract deliverables
Records of all product baselines and configuration items (CIs)
Qualifications

Active DoD Secret security clearance
BA/BS degree (MA/MS degree preferred)
8-10 years of relevant work experience


 This role is contingent upon funding

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.


Applicants with a physical or mental disability, who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, may e-mail their request to Jennifer.chavira@axiologicsolutions.com, call 571-758-3780, or visit our office at 8280 Willow Oaks Corp. Dr. Suite 450, Fairfax Virginia for assistance. Determinations on request for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis."	657	Washington
Systems Administrator	DAn Solutions	Springfield, VA	None	"REQUIRES AN ACTIVE TS/SCI WITH CI POLYGRAPH
*** TELEWORK IS NOT AN OPTION. Candidate must report to the work site ***


The System Administrator (SA) is responsible for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure. This individual ensures that system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhere to organizational values, enabling mission success.
We seek to build a team of system administrators who can perform multiple functions. We understand that people have specialties, but seek people open to cross training and willing to apply their skills in multiple areas.

Qualified individuals will have experience in one or more of the following areas:

Desktop Image ManagementVirtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) Support ServicesHome Directory and Profile Support ServicesPrint, Fax and Scan Support Services
Unified Communications Support ServicesE-mail Support ServicesDesktop Software Support ServicesDesktop Entity Support ServicesDomain ServicesDirectory, Authentication and Account Mgmt- O&S - Expanded 12x5Domain Name ServicesDynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP)Patch Management (Windows)
Operations and Support
Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups.Perform regular security monitoring to identify any possible intrusions.Perform daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up to the appropriate media, recovery tapes or disks are created, and media is recycled and sent off site as necessary.Perform regular file archival and purge as necessary.Create, change, and delete user accounts per request.Provide Tier II & III/other support per request from various constituencies. Investigate and troubleshoot issues.Repair and recover from hardware or software failures. Coordinate and communicate with impacted constituencies.MaintenanceApply OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis, and upgrade administrative tools and utilities. Configure / add new services as necessary.Upgrade and configure system software that supports GIS infrastructure applications or Asset Management applications per project or operational needs.Maintain operational, configuration, or other procedures.Perform periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning.Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required.Create and maintain documentation to help train employees resolve day to day issues and knowledge transfer.Identify and execute process improvements and other enhancements that improve operational efficiency.
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS:
Security +Meet the qualifications of one of the customer specified levels (0-4)

COMMUNICATIONS/INTERPERSONAL CONTACTS:

Interpret and/or discuss information with others, which involves terminology or concepts not familiar to many people; regularly provide advice and recommend actions involving rather complex issues. May resolve problems within established practices.

Primary Responsibilities
Provide PC, telephone, voice and video conference support. Quickly respond to customer issues regarding application/hardware related issues, and resolve on the spot problems.

Other duties include:
Unpacking and setting up PCsInstalling PC operating systems via scripted install packages
Installing application software on PCs via scripted install packagesProviding basic user support for the software; PC, telephone and video troubleshooting when operation errors occurProviding limited support related to microcomputer networks and providing user training in basic hardware and software functions.Performs all administration involved with PC (desktop/notebooks) distribution
Performing inventory on software and computer stock and making request for order or ordering new equipmentPerforms service center technology support which may include duties such as installing an IP phone, installing COTS – GOTS software using scripts and install packages, service center technology trouble shooting when operation errors occurWorking closely with other members of Service Operations team, Service Design and Service Transition personnel and other IT technical and applications staff.Supporting network and locally attached printersUse of the Support Center ticket database to track, update and close tickets.Creating and maintaining documentation to help train employees in resolving day-to-day issues and knowledge transfer.
Identify and execute process improvements and other enhancements that improve operational efficiency.

Basic Qualifications

Security+Must currently possess a TS/SCI with Poly to be consideredEducation/Minimum Years Experience:
 HS/GED + 12 years experience
 Associates + 10 years experience
 
Bachelors + 8 years experience


Skills & Tasks: Simple - follows established processes and checklists. Understand sand applies basic concepts. Assists more senior level technicians, specialists, and managers in their activities.
Individual Work / Teamwork or Leadership / Management: Individual Work/Teamwork - Works individually and also as team participant
Guidance:Requires moderate guidance and direction from more senior level technicians, specialists, and/or managers
Education/Min Years Experience: HS/GED - 4 years experience, Associates - 2 years experience, Bachelors - 0 years experience"	657	Washington
IT SPECIALIST (NETWORK)	US Defense Information Systems Agency	Washington, DC	$103,690 - $141,712 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is being recruited under 10 USC 1599f into the Cyber Excepted Service and does NOT convey eligibility to be converted to the Competitive Service. It has been identified as a position necessary to carry out and support the mission of the US Cyber Command.


It is in the Professional Work Category at the Senior Work Level within the CES Occupational Structure. This position is located in the White House Situation Room (WHSR), Washington, D.C.
Responsibilities
Establish operational criteria and specifications for current, future, and modified systems.
Design, install, operate and maintain voice and video network solutions.
Analyze, review, and evaluate performance data, interoperability, and security.
Perform technical/management task planning and definition, work scheduling, fiscal definition, resource allocation, and introduction of changing technology.
Exercise responsibility for maintaining configuration management of supporting hardware, software, and licenses on all voice and video related equipment.
Perform configuration analysis of potentially extensive network problems requiring resolution.
Maintain router, firewall, and switch configurations.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. Citizen.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service.
This national security position, which may require access to classified information, requires a favorable suitability review and security clearance as a condition of employment. Failure to maintain security eligibility may result in termination.
TS/SCI Position. Drug Testing Position, subject to pre-employment and random drug testing.
Qualifications
In order to qualify for this position, you must meet the requirements described below.

Basic Requirements:
Applicants must have IT-related experience demonstrating:
1.) Attention to Detail
2.) Customer Service
3.) Oral Communication
4.) Problem Solving

Qualifying Experience:

To qualify at the GG-13, your resume must describe at least one year of experience that demonstrates the competencies necessary for immediate success in the position. Experience refers to any paid or unpaid experience, including volunteer work and Military service, that would be considered equivalent to work normally performed at the next lower grade level in the federal service. For this position, qualifying experience is defined as: Experience with project management, telecommunications, internet protocol networks, and Voice and Video engineering, maintenance, and solutions..

Candidates must describe how they meet the qualifying experience and/or selective placement factor(s) within the body of their resume. All qualifications must be met within 30 days after the closing date of this announcement.
Education

There is no substitution of education for the qualifying experienceat the GG-13 grade level
Additional information
This position is in the Excepted Service and does NOT convey eligibility to be converted to the Competitive Service. It is being recruited under 10 U.S.C. 1599f into the Cyber Excepted Service (CES) personnel system.
If you are a current Federal Career/Career-Conditional employee, you will be placed on an Excepted appointment.
This appointment does not confer eligibility to be non-competitively converted to an appointment in the competitive service.
A three year trial period may be required if you have not previously completed a trial or probationary period in the excepted or competitive service.
Individuals tentatively selected for drug testing designated positions at the Defense Information Systems Agency will be required to submit to urinalysis for illegal drugs prior to appointment or placement.
We may use this announcement to fill additional vacancies within 90 days of the closing date.
Moving costs MAY be paid.
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 makes certain reimbursements/payments taxable. For information on these changes and the Relocation Income Tax Allowance (RITA), for which some appointees are eligible, click here.
Recruitment, relocation, or retention incentives MAY be authorized.
The Department of Defense (DoD) policy on employment of annuitants issued March 18, 2004 will be used in determining eligibility of annuitants. It applies to former Federal civilian employees receiving a retirement annuity from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund that are hired within the DoD on or after November 24, 2003. The policy also applies to annuitants (appointed in DoD on/or after November 24, 2003) who move from one position to another within DoD through voluntary reassignment, promotion, change to lower grade or transfer between military departments. Please see this policy here.
Because this position is in the Cyber Excepted Service, Veterans' Preference will be applied to preference eligible candidates, as defined by Section 2108 of the Title 5 U.S.C. in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 3005, ""CES Employment and Placement."" If you are a veteran claiming veteran's preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you must submit documents verifying your eligibility with your application package.
For more information on the Cyber Excepted Service Personnel System, click here.
For more information on veterans' preference, click here.
For more information regarding qualifications requirements, click here.
If you are unable to apply online, view the following link for information regarding Alternate Application.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the application process is complete, a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be made and compared against your responses to the applicant questionnaire to determine if you are qualified for this job. If, after reviewing your resume and or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Sensitive Compartmented Information
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents

FOR THIS JOB ANNOUNCEMENT THE FOLLOWING SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS ARE REQUIRED AS THEY APPLY STATED BELOW AND MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE CLOSE OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT. NOT ALL DOCUMENTS WILL APPLY TO EVERYONE.

Transcripts (if applicable) If you are substituting education for specialized experience you must submit all of your transcripts. The absence of this information will result in an ineligible rating.
SF-50 - (if applicable) Notification of Personnel Action for current or former federal employees- All applicants to include current agency employees must provide your most recent SF50 or the SF50 reflecting Career/Career-Conditional tenure and the highest grade held on a permanent basis.
Veterans Preference Documentation (if applicable): Candidates claiming Veterans Preference must submit a DD-214 (Member Copy 4), or, if you are CURRENTLY serving on active duty, a statement of service from your unit which states the date you entered on active duty, the date you are separating, and the campaign medals you have received. For those supplying the statement of service, preference will be verified by a DD-214 (Member Copy 4) upon separation from the military. Veterans with a service-connected disability must also submit a VA letter dated 1991 or later. DoD Components with CES positions apply Veterans' Preference to preference eligible candidates, as defined by Section 2108 of the Title 5 U.S.C. in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 3005, ""CES Employment and Placement.""
Military Spouse Preference (if applicable): Spousal Permanent Change of Station (PCS) orders, marriage certificate/license, and a MILITARY SPOUSE PPP SELF-CERTIFICATION CHECKLIST are required to claim Military Spouse Preference. The Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist can be found here: Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist .


Your complete Application Package (containing the above required documents) must be received no later than 11:59 pm Eastern Time on 06/21/2021.

WARNING: Failure to submit a complete application package including any required documentation by 11:59 PM (EST) on 06/21/2021, or at the time of application for announcements with an extended closing date, may result in an ineligible rating and loss of consideration. To verify that your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select Application Status and More Information. The Details page will display the status of your application. It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered, uploaded is received, legible and accurate. HR will not modify answers submitted by an applicant.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens"	657	Washington
Junior Contract Support Specialist	JASINT	Washington, DC 20037 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job Title: Junior Contract Support Specialist
Location(s): Washington, DC INL/EX/GAPP Hours: Regular Full-Time
Clearance Requirements:
This position requires a current and active Secret at the time of application.
What you will be doing:
Provide support to Contracts Unit in performing all cradle-to-grave contracting activities.
Work will primarily be in support of INL’s third party contracts portfolio but may also include commodity and other service requirements (to include personal services).
Assist with providing guidance and training to program office personnel in the development of procurement request packages.
Assist with market research to determine the commercial availability of a product or service and to identify the contracting approach that will best satisfy the requirement.
Assist in determining how procurement actions should be set-aside in order to comply with socioeconomic utilization goals established by the Department of State and Small Business Administration.
Assist with preparing solicitations, determining sources to be solicited, advertising solicitations, and ensuring that the procurement schedule is structured properly.
Upon receipt of quotes, assist with determining the responsiveness and responsibility of offerors.
Aid in the analysis of contractor quotes to determine technical acceptability and price fairness/reasonableness. Final determination and findings shall be forwarded to the Contracting Officer for review and approval/action.
Assist in the preparation of contract award documents for final approval by the Contracting Officer.
Provide input on award recommendations and assist with full range of post-award functions.
Provide contract administration support by preparing unilateral and bilateral contract modifications to exercise optional periods of performance, add work within the scope, deobligate ULO balances, and close out contracts.
Coordinate with program officers, contracting officer’s representatives, financial management analysts, and other Contracts Unit staff to identify and validate contracts with unliquidated obligations (ULOs).
When ULO balances are deemed invalid, assist with obtaining necessary release of claims documentation from the contractor and de-obligating unused funding.
Provide assistance with special projects and office initiatives in support of process
improvements.
Assist with retrieving and assembling relevant metrics (e.g., award data, contractor staffing patterns, contract information, etc.) for GAPP and INL leadership.
Maintain comprehensive documentation of all actions taken and file documentation in accordance with INL and Department of State policies.

Outreach/Customer Service:
Respond in a timely manner to requests for information
Interact positively and work cooperatively with team members to accomplish assigned work in a timely and efficient manner
Establish strong interpersonal relationships through excellent customer service skills and an understanding of program offices’ unique needs and mandates
Work closely with INL program office staff and managers, as well as stakeholders at U.S. Embassies overseas and within other U.S. federal agencies
Take proactive measures and make recommendations to improve the working environment and build teamwork
Seek to accomplish tasks in a manner that reduces the burden on senior management
Be receptive to training and critique of work output
Provide reports to program office stakeholders on the status of activities and make substantive recommendations for achieving office priorities
Comply with all appropriate regulations, internal controls, management direction and SOPs as well as Bureau conventions to protect organizational integrity and prevent unauthorized use or misappropriation of all classified and sensitive (but unclassified) material and equipment in assigned areas; report security violations/problems to appropriate authority

Position Requirements
Minimum Qualifications
U.S. Citizenship
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution
Minimum Experience
Zero to two years of acquisition experience or other relevant professional experience

Required Skills:
Demonstrated proficiency in oral communication sufficient to obtain information, present and defend recommendations, and explain policies, procedures, etc.
Demonstrated ability to communicate with a wide variety of audiences, including senior leadership and those from diverse cultural backgrounds
Demonstrated ability to write procurement-related documents and routine business correspondence in a concise, logical, and grammatically correct manner
Demonstrated ability to effectively manage multiple priorities, adjust priorities as circumstances dictate, and adapt to frequent changes in workload
Demonstrated ability to provide excellent customer service to all levels of staff
Demonstrated ability to work independently and identify more effective processes for completing work
Demonstrated proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Acrobat, Cisco Webex,Microsoft Teams, and other relevant computer or web-based applications

Preferred Qualifications:
Demonstrated knowledge of contracting principles and procedures sufficient to procure and/or administer contracts for a variety of supplies and services
Demonstrated familiarity with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and/or the Department of State Acquisition Regulation (DOSAR) U.S. Department of State IDIQ #: 191NLE19D0006 International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs Task Order Proposal Request: TPC-21-054-INL SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS
Demonstrated experience with or knowledge of INL or United States Agency for International Development (USAID) programs, mission, and foreign assistance activities
Demonstrated experience using the Department of State’s Global Financial Management System (GFMS), Regional Financial Management System (RFMS), or the Momentum Acquisitions contract writing suite
Demonstrated knowledge of the Department of State Standardized Regulation (DSSR) and/or the Federal Travel Regulation (FTR)

Why JASINT?
At JASINT we are proud to boast a “together we can” attitude. That is only possible with a strong talented team. Our goal is to answer the call to provide top mission and Warfighter support at all levels and that’s why we are seeking you!
We understand and respect the dedication and sacrifice that is required to serve our nation’s greatest efforts, and our commitment in turn is to support YOU!
JASINT cares about your work life balance and offers competitive benefits to help you at every stage of your personal and professional life: Retirement/401k, health, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts, (HSA/FSA), STD/LTD, professional development, tuition reimbursement, spot award recognition, PTO, Holidays…even an additional day off for your birthday.
*** JASINT offers both internal and external referral bonuses for all cleared exceptional talent we hire! Friends of yours, are friends of JASINT!***

JASINT provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, gender identity, results of genetic testing, or service in the military. Equal employment opportunity applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leave of absence, compensation, and training."	657	Washington
Contract Support Specialist	Celestar Corporation	Washington, DC	None	The Celestar Corporation has been issued an IMMEDIATE Task Order to provide support to the Department of State Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL). As a result, we’re looking for a INL/EX/GAPP Contract Support Specialist who will be seated in Washington, DC. If interested and qualified, we welcome you to post for this challenging opportunity.SECURITY CLEARANCE: A Secret security clearance is required for the position; however, the contractor may begin work with an interim Secret clearancePERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: One (1) Year from the Date of Award with the potential for four (4) follow-on Option Years.BACKGROUNDThe U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous and secure world.The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) keeps Americans safeat home by countering international crime, illegal drugs, and instability abroad. INL helps countries deliver justice and fairness by strengthening their police, courts, and corrections systems. These efforts reduce the amount of crime and illegal drugs reaching U.S. shores.INL’s Executive Office, Grants, Acquisitions, Procurement, and Policy (INL/EX/GAPP) Division oversees the implementing mechanisms required to advance the Bureau’s foreign assistance objectives. INL/EX/GAPP includes the following sections: the Bilateral Letters of Agreement (LOA's) and Inter-Agency Agreements (IAAs) Unit, which consists of Analysts with regional and functional portfolios providing analytical and subject matter expertise related to development, formulation and oversight; the Grants Unit, which includes Grants Officers (GO) and Specialists with regional and functional portfolios executing Federal Assistance awards to provide funding opportunities for grants and cooperative agreements, in addition to executing property and travel grants; and the Contracts Unit, consisting of Contracting Officers (CO) and Specialists providing a variety of services pertaining to the planning, development and execution of service and commodity contracts, as well as Third Party Contracts (TPCs) and Personal Service Contracts (PSCs).LEVEL OF EFFORTHours for the position will be the core hours of the Department of State: Monday through Friday, 40 hours per week, 8 hours per day.TELEWORKIf applicable, telework is authorized only with prior INL/GPP Office Director, INL Contracting Officer (CO), and Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) approval, in accordance with Department of State and INL policies.LOCATIONThe physical work location is the INL/EX/GAPP office at State Annex 1 (SA-01), Columbia Plaza, 2401 E St. NW, Washington, D.C.TRAVELTravel for this position is authorized in accordance with the award.TRAININGThere is mandatory training required for DOS-specific equipment, systems, and processes (reference 13 FAM 300 Agency Mandated Training), which shall be completed promptly and in accordance with Department policy.Travel related training (i.e. FACT (CT650), HTSOS-C etc.), may be required, if applicable.DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESContract Management:Performs all cradle-to-grave contracting activities.Provides guidance and training to program personnel involved in the development of procurement request packages.Provides guidance to junior and mid-level contract management personnel in the development of procurement request packages; to include but not limited to goods and services scope of work, IGCE, inherently governmental (DS-4208) and risk mitigation plans, market research, acquisition plans both formal and informal and any other documents associated with the procurement package.Provides guidance and training to other members of the GAPP Contracts Team.Assists in identifying various strategic sourcing efforts and category management efforts to streamline the GAPP contracting lifecycle.Aids in the formulation of the contracting approach to be taken that will best satisfy the requirement.Advertises procurements, ensures that the procurement schedule is structured properly, prepares solicitations, sources to be solicited, determines the responsiveness of quotes and proposals and determines the responsibility of the apparent successful offeror based on an analysis of financial and technical information gained, and recommends award of the contract. Final determination and findings shall be forwarded to the INL CO for review and approval/action.Under the direction and oversight of the INL CO, provides guidance in the development of the statement of work and data requirements, determines the type of contract best suited to the requirement, and develops special clauses, terms, and conditions applicable to the solicitation. Determines the sources to be solicited, receives, initially evaluates proposals using price/cost analysis, and responds to initial inquiries from vendors. Final determination and findings shall be forwarded to the INL CO for review and approval/action.Performs market analysis to determine availability of the product or producers and service providers.Assesses the impact of socioeconomic considerations on the procurement actions.Aids in the development of solicitations by assisting with the determination of quantities to be included in a solicitation based on economic order quantities, market conditions, delivery requirements, production capabilities, required specifications, and pre-award samples. Supports the INL CO with establishing specific contract language and clauses, selecting the appropriate type of contract, coordinating with socio-economic specialists relative to INL programs, setting minimum or maximum order limitations, choosing the transportation and delivery types, and selecting the appropriate publication and distribution of solicitations. When not working directly with the INL CO, final determination and findings shall be forwarded to the INL CO for review and approval/action.Determines if cost and price data submitted by offerors to support direct costs, indirect costs, and fee or profit are fair and reasonable. Final determination and findings shall be forwarded to the INL CO for review and approval/action.Recommends award for review and action by the INL CO and follows through on all award documentation and post-award administration activities.Outreach/Customer Service:Responds in a timely manner to requests for information.Interacts positively and works cooperatively with team members and points of contact to accomplish assigned work in a timely and efficient manner.Establishes strong interpersonal relationships through excellent customer service skills, project management knowledge, and a related understanding of program offices’ unique needs and mandates.Works closely with INL program office staff and managers, as well as the stakeholders at US embassies overseas and within other US federal agencies, to provide support on training initiatives.Takes proactive measures and makes recommendations to improve the working environment and build teamwork.Seeks to accomplish tasks in a manner that reduces the burden on senior management and be receptive to training and critique of work output.Provides reports to program office stakeholders on the status of activities and makes substantive recommendations to help meet the specific requirements of assigned program offices.Complies with all appropriate regulations, internal controls, management direction and SOPs as well as Bureau conventions to protect organizational integrity and prevent unauthorized use or misappropriation of all classified and sensitive (but unclassified) material and equipment in assigned areas; report security violations/problems to appropriate authority.MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSU.S. Citizen.A Bachelor's Degree from an accredited institution and two to ten years’ experience at the equivalent GS-12 or higher level; or an Associate's degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of ten years’ experience at the equivalent GS-12 or higher level.Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite.Strong multi-tasking and organizational skills.Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills; prior experience conducting research.PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONDemonstrated knowledge of contracting procedures, types, and methods, including formal advertising, negotiation, fixed-price, cost contracting, and use of special provisions and incentives to enable the buyer to plan and carry out contracting assignments.Demonstrated knowledge of cost and price procedures/techniques to evaluate offers and responsibility of contractors on the basis of competition, historical costs, reports from auditors or technical specialists, contractor cost breakdowns regarding labor, materials,overhead, and profit, or other evaluation criteria and selection processes where the information is usually available.Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, to prepare and present information for senior level briefings, develop and interpret policies and guidelines, defend recommendations, and resolve problems.Demonstrated ability to interact effectively with individuals at all levels to assist in the planning and coordination of activities with other organizations; provide guidance, and advocate INL policies and positions in close coordination with INL leadership.Demonstrated superior organization skills and ability to manage multiple concurrent activities of varying complexity, including changing priorities and short turn-around times.Demonstrated proficiency in computer and web-based applications including Microsoft Office Suite and Adobe Acrobat.Demonstrated ability to provide excellent customer service with all levels of management.Demonstrated experience with and knowledge of INL or USAID programs, mission, and foreign assistance activities.Demonstrated familiarity with Department of State (DOS) Standardized document format, and DOS systems.Demonstrated familiarity with Department of State Acquisition Regulations (DOSAR).Demonstrated knowledge of the Department of State Standardized Regulation (DSSR), and Federal Travel Regulations (FTR).Demonstrated knowledge of the DOS Global Financial Management System (GFMS)-Momentum and Regional Financial Management System (RFMS)-Momentum.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:Day shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:GS 12: 5 years (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)	657	Washington
Advanced Systems Administration Specialist (Linux / Networking)	General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc	Fairfax, VA 22033	None	"Basic Qualifications :

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.


CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:
Department of Defense Secret security clearance is required at time of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.
Responsibilities for this Position:

At General Dynamics Mission Systems, we create the technologies, products and services that help our nation’s heroes keep our nation safe. The work we do is so advanced, we are continuously moving the boundaries of what’s possible. Here you’ll work with the best and your talent will be front and center on projects that impact the world. Are you up to the challenge?

We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between.


As an Advanced Systems Administration Specialist, you’ll serve as a front-line interface to users with technical issues by conducting systems analysis and development to keep systems current with changing technologies. Your duties may include installing new software, troubleshooting, granting permissions to applications and training users. You’ll also be responsible for the day-to-day support of server services by performing server administration for physical and virtual server operating systems and configuring, maintaining and troubleshooting of physical and virtual hardware and network related interfaces on servers. And, you’ll perform OS and vendor software patching on servers and monitor physical and virtual servers performance using monitoring tools.
What you’ll experience:
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered
What you bring to the table:
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience
Advanced understanding of complex networks & server based operating systems:
Design, planning, implementation, monitoring, administering and maintaining computer networks.
Cisco, Taclanes, WANs, LANs, Firewalls, switches and routers.
Linux including RHEL/CentOS, specifically secure environments. Virtualized and bare metal
Infrastructure aspects of Linux related to authentication, policy, scanning, logging, storage.
Microsoft Windows 10 desktop and Microsoft Windows 2008/2012
Enhanced troubleshooting skills within the server OS as well as both networking and storage technologies
Hands-on experience developing, deploying and supporting large-scale enterprise server solutions
What sets you apart:
Team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success
Team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success
Broad understanding of the interrelationships within the IT environment with focus on server and services
Senior level knowledge of physical and virtual server support
Senior level knowledge of access, permissions and security that gives the clients the access to the data they need to perform their daily activities
NOTE: The position requires you to be on site in our Fairfax, VA. facility
#CJ2
Company Overview:

General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!

General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran"	657	Washington
Senior IT Specialist	CHOISYS TECHNOLOGY INC	Bethesda, MD	None	"Description:

Choisys is a proud Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and a SBA certified 8(a) Business Development Program participant. We deliver Higher Value through customer-centric solutions that drive innovation and adapt to evolving mission requirements – with well documented success on numerous programs within the Civilian, Defense, and Intelligence communities. We are experts in IT Service Delivery processes and industry best practices, continuously integrating the framework of our ISO 9001, 20000, and 27001 certifications to achieve service excellence. Choisys combines empirical methodologies and lessons learned with leading-edge solutions to solve complex problems, provide ongoing support, and deliver quantifiable benefits. Our mission focus areas include, but are not limited to, PMO Support, Health IT, Education + Learning, Infrastructure Management, and Cyber Security.
Choisys Technology is seeking a Senior IT Specialist to support an Intelligence Community customer in Bethesda, MD. To complete the following tasks:
Provide information technology personnel to support Educational Technology Department functions.
Work with government server maintenance group to perform software upgrades as needed.
Provide customer support, such as monitoring.
Email requests, troubleshooting hardware/software issues, opening support tickets, and resetting user passwords.
Support basic audio-visual (AV) system and video-teleconference (VTC) operation and support.
Assist with inventory of accountable property sets.
Assist with creation of system documentation, such as user guides and system upgrade documentation.
Assist with limited web site updates and development.
Assist with inventory of accountable property assets.
Assist the Educational Technology team with administering multiple applications: including, Blackboard INS and Jenzabar EX Student Information Systems (SIS).
. Requirements:
Must possess an active DoD TS/SCI clearance.
Minimum of a Bachelors' Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or a closely related field. Waivable with consideration of extensive experience and/or certifications.
Minimum of 3 yrs experience strongly preferred.
Shall possess Windows Server administration skills.
Certifications Required
Comp TIA Security+ CE
Microsoft certification MCP, MCSA, MCSE, or Windows 10 MCP. Windows Server certification/certificate preferred.
Choisys Technology, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status. The candidate must have the ability to sit for long periods of time, ability to discern colors, ability to read and monitor a computer screen for an extended period, 100% requirement to work on site."	657	Washington
Senior Specialist, Informatics	APHL	Silver Spring, MD 20910	$90,000 - $105,911 a year	"Senior Specialist, Informatics

Do Not Apply Here. APPLY ONLINE:

https://careers-aphl.icims.com/jobs/1231/senior-specialist%2c-informatics/job

Salary

90,000-105,911

Position Summary

The Senior Specialist, Informatics provides a specialized synthesis of technical expertise, project coordination, and helpdesk responsiveness for the APHL Informatics Program for the benefit of APHL members, staff and partner organizations. The Senior Specialist will assist with planning and monitoring helpdesk, provide onboarding support, and manage compliance tasks and requirement for internal staff, partners and sponsors. The Specialist reports to the Lead Specialist, Informatics.

Duties & Responsibilities

As part of the APHL Informatics Program, the incumbent will implement strategies for gathering, reviewing, and analyzing data requirements in support of new and ongoing informatics projects. The Senior Specialist will have thorough understanding of the strategic vision for the service desk and the ability to set the long-term direction of the team. The incumbent must also have knowledge and understanding of best practices for service management and strong communication skills.

The Senior Specialist will help manage the compliance requirements with the staff and partner organizations; assist with documentation preparation to meet compliance needs and assist in creating and maintaining the Informatics’ program knowledge management. The incumbent will also support the Informatics team with onboarding to information systems within the environment.

The incumbent will have experience in administering system settings, user and group management, workflows, schemes, reporting and other features for Incident, Service Requests, Problem and Change tickets

Employment Standards- Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree with at least 4 years of work experience or at least 6 years of professional work experience, within related IT fields;Atlassian Jira administration experience requiredAtlassian Confluence and Atlassian Statuspage experience preferred;Jira and Confluence certifications preferredExperience with security policies and procedures related to Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and/or National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)Strong technical documentation writing and editing skills;Experience with cloud servicesSelf-directed and highly organized, as well as a team-player;

Skills
Commitment to the provision of quality customer service;Writing, report preparation, proofreading and copyediting skills;Attention to detail in organization, writing comprehension, documentation for often technical requirements;Ability to work independently as well as in a team setting, organize work tasks and complete tasks within assigned timeframes;Ability to manage the enrollment of data exchange partners, potential clients, and sponsors;Ability to communicate with a broad array of individuals from various professional backgrounds;Ability to apply principles of logical thinking to define problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions; to interpret a variety of inquiries either written or oral;Ability to record and deliver information, to explain procedures, and to follow instructions;Ability to easily collaborate with end users and technical staff of varying technical aptitudes;A self-directed individual, driven to develop long standing client relationships and partnerships;A professional demeanor and can-do attitude is required as this job involves research, analysis and extensive communication with co-workers and clients via phone, email and in-person channels;A demonstrated capability to manage and complete multiple tasks under tight deadlines;

Special Requirements

Up to 25% domestic travel may be required.

Work Environment

Work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee could be exposed to outdoor weather conditions prevalent at the time. The noise level in the work environment may vary from light to moderate depending on the location.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a colleague to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the colleague is required to sit for long periods at a time; type using a computer keyboard; visually read information off of a computer monitor; talk, hear, and orally communicate information over the telephone. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision and color vision and the ability to adjust focus.

Criteria for Evaluation

Performance evaluation will be based on the abilities in meeting the criteria outlined herein.

Reports To

Lead Specialist, Security and Compliance

Position Description Status

The duties and responsibilities listed in this job description are illustrative ones anticipated for this position. Other duties and responsibilities may be assigned as required. Association of Public Health Labs (APHL) reserves the right to amend or change this job description to meet the needs of its programs. This job description and any attachments do no constitute or represent a contract.

APHL is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, veteran status, disability, age, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by applicable law"	657	Washington
Security Specialist/Administrator 3	Computer Systems Center Incorporated	Arlington, VA	None	"CSCI is seeking a qualified and self-motivated individual with detailed security knowledge and experience with the applicable Government regulations, directives, instructions, manuals and laws for Information Security, Personnel Security, Physical Security, and Information Assurance. The candidate requires necessary security experience and knowledge of the applicable Government regulations, directives, instructions, manuals and laws for compartmented environments, OPSEC and COMSEC; requires expertise and knowledge of Security Education and Training requirements to include public speaking/briefing skills; requires understanding of SCI, SAP and COMSEC (i.e., STE and Secure FAX) devices, their handling and operation; requires understanding of contracting process and DD 254s; requires sound verbal and written communications skills; requires office, administrative and organizational skills; and requires intermediate computer skills and experience with Windows OS, Microsoft Office Products, Adobe Reader and and other security-related software.

The minimum requirement for this position is to have a minimum of five (5) years of professional security experience in the Department of Defense (DoD) environments with demonstrable SAP experience. If your resume does not meet these requirements, please do not submit it because your candidacy with not be accepted.
Responsibilities
The candidate’s responsibilities include but not limited to;

Perform the duties of a Senior Program Security Officer.
Be the Subject Matter Expert on security structure, policies, and procedures for the office and other offices within your purview.
Ensure all required documentation is on file, following current policy and directive. While providing day-to-day security support for the customer, maintain an environment that is “ready for inspection.”
Review, edit, and analyze security policy to provide recommendations to senior leadership.
Provide recommendations regarding staffing and coordination requirements.
Implement and manage the tracking process for classified documentation.
Develop education and training materials for the customer’s office.
Anticipate provisions and lead with recommended solutions.
Skills
Experience:

The minimum requirement for this position is to have a minimum of five (5) years of professional security experience in the Department of Defense (DoD) environments with demonstrable SAP experience.
Degree:

AA/AS or equivalent experience in a security or business related field required. BA or BS in a security or business related field preferred.

Training/Certifications:

COMSEC Responsible Officer Training Course October 2017, Basic Information Security, Department of Defense Personnel Security Adjudicator Course, Marking Classified Information, Derivative Classification Course, and Personnel Security for Customized Adjudication.
Requirements - US Citizen / Top Secret/SCI Clearance
Travel:

Minimum

U.S. Citizenship:

Yes

Minimum Clearance:

Applicants are required to have, at a minimum, a TOP SECRET (TS) clearances with Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) eligibility based on a Single Scope Background Investigation (SSBI) completed within the last 5 years.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.

CSCI stands in support of equality for and advancement of all people based solely upon the merits of abilities and actions alone, without regard to race, creed, color, sex, age, national origin or disability."	657	Washington
Senior Engineer - Financial Systems	Tallon Professional Services	Washington, DC 20420 (Downtown area)	None	"Senior Engineer - Financial Systems
Washington, DC 20420
Security Clearance Requirement: U.S. Citizen with Public Trust or ability to obtain Public Trust
Location Note: REMOTE
This is a remote position (even after COVID-19). Candidates must be located in the DC Metro Area for occasional on-site meetings.
Remote work environment should be conducive to making phone calls, attending teleconferences, and communicating with external team members as part of the everyday job duties.
We are recruiting for a Senior Systems Engineer to provide Functional SME support for the Department of Veteran Affairs’ effort to modernize legacy financial systems. Qualified candidates will have prior experience supporting a federal government enterprise in a cloud environment. Prior experience with interfaces, data cleansing and/or data conversion development is preferred.
Roles and responsibilities include:
Eliciting requirements from end-users for interface, data conversion, and/or data cleanse activities
Conducting design reviews, establishing acceptance criteria, understanding business processes, and creating process maps as required
Providing functional support and assisting with documenting requirements, detailed design specifications and/or data conversion and cleanse plans, business processes, and user stories based on requirements
Analyzing legacy and target system data and conduct reconciliation activities based on findings
Coordinating across multiple development efforts to ensure system interfaces and/or data conversion and cleanse decisions are consistent with requirements/expectations/regulations
Working directly with programmers, database administrators, and other technical specialists
Collaborating with other analysts to understand the organization’s business processes and legacy system data and processes
Developing expertise in the COTS tool, Federal Financial Management business processes, and ERP implementation best practices under the guidance of more senior subject matter experts
Conducting functional testing, developing test scenarios and documentation, and performing validation testing for interfaces and/or conversion requirements
Monitoring, tracking, and troubleshooting application operation and data,
Analyzing incidents and working with the technical team to resolve issues
Developing materials and training end users on interface, data conversion, and/or data cleanse requirements
Implementing quality assurance standards and processes for validation and verification efforts
Implementing software development best practices
Seeking out and implementing process improvement initiatives

Requirements include:
U.S. Citizen
Current Public Trust or ability to obtain Public Trust
Bachelor's degree in Engineering or a related technical discipline
12+ years of systems engineering experience
Strong analytical and written and oral communication skills
Ability to work both independently and with a team to solve problems
Ability to learn quickly and put new skills to use
Ability to efficiently and effectively handle multiple and shifting priorities while meeting deadlines, with flexibility to put in the hours needed to meet tight deadlines
Experience with Federal Financial Management and systems is preferred
Understanding of Agile methodologies is preferred
Experience working with the Momentum Financials front-end and database is preferred
Experience supporting the development of interfaces and/or a large-scale data conversion is preferred
Ability to write and execute SQL statements is preferred"	657	Washington
Senior IT Specialist	BlueHalo	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Responsibilities:
Excivity is looking for the right candidate for our Corporate IT staff which supports the company’s IT and infrastructure engineering. This position is perfect for the candidate who enjoys learning and implementing technologies and security engineering, while performing a critical support role to all of our projects and employees. The company recently invested in a redesign of our network to improve security and project efforts, which is still in the process of being integrated. Excivity considers our progressive and secure IT infrastructure as a critical service within the company and vital to our ability to meet project needs and facilitate corporate culture. Internally, we refer to our IT team as the IT Ninjas.
If selected, you will be part of a small team responsible for the day-to-day operations and maintenance of corporate systems, employee computers and connectivity, troubleshooting employee technology problems, integration with corporate IT policies/services, and ensuring our systems meet the security and documentation requirements for government certifications. The ideal candidate will not only have excellent communication skills and customer-focused mindset, but will also have strong technical skills and an eagerness to provide hands-on support with technology investigations and implementation, monitoring, and maintenance. The candidate will be responsible for ensuring the infrastructure is compliant with all applicable policies while also providing the tools and services needed to meet the demands of the company and projects. This position requires excellent time and management skills to support multiple concurrent IT projects. Ability to support after-hours troubleshooting, incident resolution, and regularly scheduled maintenance is expected. The work location is at Excivity's headquarters building in Chantilly, VA.
Responsibilities:
Resolve IT support service requests and incidents, including troubleshooting hardware, software and various connectivity and access issues
Perform employee hardware/OS setup and access management
Ensure security and software baselines are enforced with management software
Support all network users and ensure the services needed to meet Excivity’s mission are available to those users
Ensure compliance with all applicable IT policies required by Excivity’s customers to include NIST 800-171 and CMMC requirements
Perform ISSM functions for classified systems, including approvals of new systems
Protect Excivity knowledge from outside infiltration, insider threat, and project isolation through encryption, secure data storage, access controls, continuous monitoring, scanning and audits, and other necessary means
Ensure completion of regular O&M tasks to include security patching/updates, log review, access audits, and system backups
Maintain documentation on all systems to include architecture, procedures, change logs, and maintenance schedules
Maintain user reference documentation and provide user training for IT systems
Regularly communicate and engage (in-person, email newsletters, presentations, etc.) with the workforce to provide both insight to upcoming IT projects/changes and receive feedback on IT services
Provide system users with access to well organized overviews, training, guidance, and policies of IT services
Troubleshoot hardware and software issues in person and remotely
Track and manage all IT inventory to include hardware and software licenses
Continually monitor and investigate trends in the IT industry, new products, and security advisories to better protect and enhance IT services
Qualifications:
Required:
U.S. Citizen (Required)
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology or a related field or equivalent hands-on experience (Required)
Willingness to support end-users to include after hours on-call support (Required)
Design and Administration of IP Based Networks, 3 Years (Required)
Network security monitoring and intrusion detection, 3 Years (Required)
Network functional status monitoring and alerting, 2 Years (Required)
Administration of Fortgiate Devices, 2 Years (Required)
Experience with VPN Technologies such as IPsec or OpenVPN, 3 Years (Required)
Experience with SSL/TLS configurations and certficate management, 2 Years (Required)
Administration of MacOS (clients) and Linux (servers and clients) systems, 1 Year (Required)
Virtualization Technologies – Proxmox or VMware, 2 years (Required)

Preferred:
Deployment Automation Technologies - Ansible, 2 years (Preferred)
Administration of Office 365, 1 year (Preferred)
Administration and use of Splunk, 1 year (Preferred)
Customer Service, 2 years (Preferred)
Technical Writing, 2 years (Preferred)
LDAP Authentication, 1 year (Preferred)
Python and Bash Programming, 1 year (Preferred)
CMMC and SSP Documentation, 1 year (Preferred)
Understanding of SAML/OAUTH SSO technologies, 1 year (Preferred)
Understanding of the DoD CMMC certification process and requirements, 1 year (Preferred)
Administration of PFSense and Vyos Devices, 2 Years (Preferred)
#LI-BP1"	657	Washington
Senior Information Assurance/Security Specialist	KEMTechnology	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"The Opportunity: Senior Information Assurance/Security Specialist (ISSO/ISSE)


Summary/Responsibilities:

This key role in the program supports our federal customer who plays a key role in providing direct cybersecurity engineering support. This program provides systems and security engineering and integration support to specific Government-sponsored projects, pilots, and prototypes. This includes solution planning and engineering, defining security requirements, target architecture, interoperability and integration, system testing, Verification and Validation, Modeling and Simulation, studies and analysis, post-deployment security validation (PDSV), and project risk management. As part of this team, you will contribute to the engineering of current and emerging cybersecurity systems, policies, and processes to enforce standards and identify vulnerabilities and capability gaps and reduce cybersecurity risk of our customer networks.

Requirements/Qualifications:

Must possess a current/active Secret security clearance
BA/BS degree or 10 years equivalent experience or five to seven years’ experience with supplemental education or credentials
Travel to customer site in Arlington is required (approximately 25%)
Determines enterprise information assurance and security standards
Develops and implements information assurance/security standards and procedures
Coordinates, develops, and evaluates security programs for an organization
Recommends information assurance/security solutions to support Customers’ requirements
Identifies, reports, and resolves security violations
Establishes and satisfies information assurance and security requirements based upon the analysis of user, policy, regulatory, and resource demands
Supports customers at the highest levels in the development and implementation of doctrine and policies
Applies know-how to government and commercial common user systems, as well as to dedicated special purpose systems requiring specialized security features and procedures
Performs analysis, design, and development of security features for system architectures
Analyzes and defines security requirements for computer systems which may include mainframes, workstations, and personal computers
Designs, develops, engineers, and implements solutions that meet security requirements
Provides integration and implementation of the computer system security solution
Analyzes general information assurance-related technical problems and provides basic engineering and technical support in solving these problems
Performs vulnerability/risk analyses of computer systems and applications during all phases of the system development life cycle
Ensures that all information systems are functional and secure
**Position may also sit in Rockville, Maryland**


Preferred Skills/Education:

CISSP is a plus
Active TS/SCI security clearance preferred"	657	Washington
Sr. Industry Specialist	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Herndon, VA	None	"
5+ years of experience in information security and audit as an industry security specialist or security analyst, auditor, security engineer/architecture, security or compliance program manager, or other related experience.
5+ years of project management experience and demonstrated knowledge of program management best practices
Skilled in risk management, business risk analysis, and making complex business/risk trade-off recommendations and decisions.
5+ years of experience with implementation of security controls and driving rollout of controls.
Up to 20% travel may be required.

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the leading cloud provider, for such services as virtual infrastructure, storage, networking, analytics, and enterprise applications to help global organizations move faster, lower IT costs, and scale. Businesses, from start-ups to enterprises, and Government organizations, run their operations and applications on AWS’s multi-tenant infrastructure. Security is the #1 concern of customers moving to the cloud and the AWS Cryptography team is dedicated to providing the security features our customers need. We enable customers to confidently move sensitive workloads to the cloud where they can benefit from strong security controls that help meet internal and external compliance requirements. AWS CloudHSM provides cloud-based hardware security modules (HSMs) that enable customers to easily generate and use their own encryption keys on the AWS Cloud.

As a Senior Information Security Specialist in AWS CloudHSM, you will build and execute our program for evaluating compliance with industry standards (ISO, SOC, PCI), federal regulations (FedRAMP/NIST, DOD), and customer contractual requirements. You will have complete ownership and accountability of programs from start to finish, aimed at improving compliance and risk monitoring for service. The successful candidate is comfortable interacting with both technology and business leaders across the organization at all levels. You will drive consensus among stakeholders and verify that controls are effective, or remediated to become effective. We value personality, insight, intellectual flexibility, and sound business judgment.

Your responsibilities will include the following:

Translate customer compliance requirements into useable and scalable engineering and operational actions. Create documentation, compliance reports and articles to enable customer and auditor inquiries.
Define, build and maintain compliance program(s), including scope identification and validation, periodic assessments, and continuous monitoring and guidance on evolving compliance requirements. Drive automation of evidence artifact collection and control automation with engineering teams.
Create & refine compliance-related requirements for hardware suppliers and system integrators. Engage with AWS stakeholders to plan and conduct site audits and compliance reviews for new and existing vendors/partners.
Develop weekly/monthly reports that capture key business trends, highlights, lowlights, and metrics as the compliance programs are conducted. Provide status, recommended updates, and detailed metrics and evidence.
Clearly communicate vision, deliverables, and project status to management and key technical and business stakeholders.
Establish credibility and maintain strong working relationships with groups involved with compliance matters (Security Assurance, InfoSec, Data Center Operations, Physical Security, Legal, Business Development, Internal Audit, Developer Community, Networking, Systems, etc.). Serve as the single threaded owner for compliance issues for CloudHSM.

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship.
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.


Experience with physical security hardware, Intrusion Detection Systems, and/or Access Control System.
Experience with payments card data security or other payments-related systems and controls.
Experience with service-oriented architectures and web services security.
Previous QSA or ISA experience.
Security control and compliance experience in various frameworks including: PCI DSS, PCI PA-DSS, PCI PTS, PCI P2PE, PCI-PIN, PCI-HSM, GLBA, NYDFS, ISO, NIST, etc.
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Security or comparable experience.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	657	Washington
FOIA Specialist I / II / III	Ahtna Professional Services, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	"As a FOIA Specialist, you will process FOIA/PA (Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act) requests; from ""cradle to grave."" research and analyze FOIA/PA information to respond to requests and develop status reports to support reporting requirements; prepare responses to FOIA/PA requesters and management as requested; liaison as directed by management with agencies on FOIA/PA related matters; conducts research on applicable case law, federal regulations on FOIA/PA requests to resolve issues; use information technology such as computers in administering, and managing information, as well as for a wide variety of record keeping, correspondence, and tracking operations throughout the government information management lifecycle. The specialist will conduct independent analysis and apply FOIA and PA exemptions and/ or exclusions as appropriate. The FOIA specialist should have experience applying the following exemptions: Exemptions 4,5,6, and 7.
Auto req ID
1438BR
Subsidiary
Ahtna Professional Services, Inc.
Job Location (State)
District Of Columbia
Posting Title
FOIA Specialist I / II / III
Posting Type
External & Internal
Posting Subtype
Open Continuous (Pool)
Salary
DOE
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Review, analyze, and perfect FOIA requests; contact the requester either by phone, email or
mail for clarifications about the request. If necessary, provide the requester with explanations concerning the timeline, availability, format, and content of the requested documentation/information.
Prepare and send “submitter notices” to submitters and request that they provide arguments and explanations related to the withholding of potentially confidential commercial informationPrepare and transmit to the requester a standard acknowledgement letter using USAID’s
templates. The contractor will exercise judgement to determine when letters must be tailored to meet unique circumstances concerning the request or requester.
Based on the requester's stated need, the contractor will be responsible for tasking and obtaining the requested documentation from the appropriate USAID operating units and the corresponding release recommendations per ADS 507; provide those operating units with complete and clear instructions on what is required and how to formulate release recommendations and justifications for withholding of information in accordance with USAID policy and procedures. Send reminders to USAID’s offices that are delinquent in responding to search action requests.Analyze documentation provided by the operating units for responsiveness and releasability. If necessary, work with the operating units and/or USAID's Office of the General Counsel (GC) to determine the detrimental effects (i.e., foreseeable harm) of releasing the requested documents. When operating units request withholdings which cannot be justified and thus, upheld under the FOIA/PA, provide explanations to the operating units on why the information must be released.Prepare/transmit formal FOIA responses for a variety of audiences such as requesters, business submitters, and government officials. Responses must conform to Agency standards and clearance procedures. Responses must be modified as appropriate by explaining, for example, the disposition of responsive documents, what is being released/withheld, page counts, and include a citation to the appropriate exemptions/exclusions.Prepared required records, logs and files for each request; assisted in the closure of seven or more FOIA backlog cases, utilized Adobe Redax Software and Microsoft Office SuiteIndependently handled the quality analysis of simple and complex agency records in accordance with FOIA/PA and agency implementing instructions; identified inconsistencies, new and unusual issuesFOIA Exemptions utilized, as applicable to the agency’s FOIA Office: Exemption (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5), (b)(6), (b)(7)(C), (b)(7)(D) and (b)(7)(E); utilized Adobe Redax Software; Established and assisted the team members with their individual projected goals; consolidated the ""Status Reports"" and regularly prepared the final copy for the Program Manager and Client.Review, analyze, and process Freedom of Information Act, Privacy requests of a simple and routine nature including the analysis of problems of a factual or procedural nature dealing with readily identifying legal issues which may be easily found in written guidelines, procedures, standards, and administrative/organizational practicesEvaluate sensitive request for information to determine whether to recommend release or denial of the requested information based on the Privacy Act or FOIAMaintain an accurate and complete administrative record of the actions taken throughout the
processing of FOIA/PA requests per USAID’s standards..
Perform FOIA/PA, audits, and data callsOther duties as assigned.
Qualification Requirements
1. Must have U.S. citizenship
2. Ability to interpret and apply regulations and procedures concerning all FOIA Exemptions
3. Have experience applying the following exemptions: Exemptions 4; 5; 6; and 7
4. Must be familiar with database operations and word processing systems
5. Must be proficient in the use of Microsoft Office Suite
6. Must have strong researching and resolution skills in the use of internet, email, databases, and the use of computer software
7. Must be familiar with FOIAXpress operating system.
8. Ability to do repetitive tasks while remaining prepared to take on auxiliary duties on short notice
9. Excellent verbal and written communication skills
10. Comprehensive knowledge of MS Office
11. Excellent analytical skills
12. Ability to work independently under general guidance
13. Understanding of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and Privacy Act (PA)
14. Willingness to learn and invest in self-development
15. Demonstrated ability to produce consistently high-quality work under fluid conditions
16. Strong organizational, clerical and customer service skills
17. Must be fluent in speaking and writing in English. Must be able to communicate verbally and in writing in an effective, efficient, and professional manner.
18. Pre-Employment Screening: Must be able to pass criminal background screen, drug test and physical exam.
19. Post Hire Certifications: Must certify under customer requirements and maintain all security clearances.
20. Security Clearance: Must have a Department of Defense clearance.

Level I (Junior-Level FOIA Specialist)
Two (2) to five (5) years or more FOIA experience. Must be familiar with database operations and word processing systems. Familiarity with FOIAXpress is preferred. Must have research skills in the use of the internet, email, databases, and the use of computer software, especially the Microsoft Office Suite.
Level II (Mid-Level FOIA Specialist)
Five (5) to seven (7) years or more FOIA experience. Must be familiar with FOIAXpress operating system. Must have research skills in the use of the internet, email, databases, and the use of computer software, especially the Microsoft Office Suite. Associates and/or bachelor's degree preferred.
Level III (Senior FOIA Specialist)
Seven (7) to ten (10) years or more FOIA experience. Must be familiar with FOIAXpress operating system. Must have research skills in the use of the internet, email, databases, and the use of computer software, especially the Microsoft Office Suite. Associates and/or bachelor's degree preferred
Level III (Senior FOIA Specialist/Technical Writer)
Seven (7) to ten (10) years or more FOIA experience with a demonstrated background in drafting FOIA/PA regulations, policies, procedures, notices, and other related communications. Must be familiar with FOIAXpress operating system. Must have research skills in the use of the internet, email, databases, and the use of computer software, especially the Microsoft Office Suite. Associates and/or bachelor's degree preferred.

Preferred Qualifications
Shareholder Preference
Pursuant to PL 93-638, as amended, preference will be given to qualified Ahtna Native Corporation Shareholders, Descendants, and Spouses in all phases of employment.
Physical Demands (Note: Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions.)
While performing the duties of this job the employee is frequently required to sit, talk or hear, stand, walk, use hands to handle, or operate objects, tools or controls; and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to climb or balance; stoop, kneel, and taste or smell. Firearms and other defensive/offensive weapons are also tools utilized in the performance of this position.The employee occasionally lifts and/or moves anything from 10 to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job includes close vision, distance vision, color vision and peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to focus.Work requires computer usage with strength, dexterity, coordination and visual acuity to use keyboard and video display terminal and other office equipment.Moderate travel required subsidiary offices and other project locations as needed.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Supervision
Non-Supervisory Position.
Work Environment
Generally, indoors. While outdoors may be subject to construction site conditions, confined spaces, changes in temperature, weather conditions and noise levels."	657	Washington
