job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Technical Writer	BCT Partners	Washington, DC	$65,000 - $75,000 a year	Position Summary: The Technical Writer III will produce high-quality documentation that effectively translates technical materials into terms more understandable by communities the Client serves and contributes to the overall success of ACL and OIRM projects. Deliverables include but are not limited to architectural documents, user guides, info graphics, charts, help guides, and developer guides. This position works collaboratively with technology executives (CIO/CISO), developers, architects, quality engineers, and security experts to ensure work products meet technical and quality standards, and support project objectives.Key Responsibilities[1]:Work with internal project teams to gather and understand product and documentation requirements; effectively apply them to materials; stay abreast and respond to changes and updates as required.Independently create high-quality documents that meet applicable standards (e.g., 508 compliance) as well as user and report requirements and are appropriate for the intended audience; receive and respond to feedback, making timely changes as requested; keep organized records of changes and edits for reference.Document systems, procedures, processes, workflows, and governance as well as system and/or enterprise architecture; write easy-to-understand user interface text, as well as online help and developer guides.Create illustrations, graphs, charts and other media for materials, as needed.Conform to required standards, while also suggesting technical corrections for improved formatting, content, structure, organization, and clarity that benefit users.Edit and review own work and the work of others, as needed.Perform other reasonable tasks as assigned by management in support of BCT’s goals and objectives.Experience, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:4 to 6 years of technical writing experience is requiredBachelor’s Degree preferably in English, communications, technology or related fieldsExperience reviewing documents for 508-compliance is desired but not requiredProven work experience in authoring and updating enterprise applications documentationProven ability to deliver high-quality documentation with a demonstrated attention to detailsAbility to quickly grasp complex technical concepts and make them easily understandable using text and pictures; professional writing and strong visual communication skills requiredExcellent skill writing in English is essentialMust be organized, and able to prioritize and meet deadlinesRespectful demeanor and interpersonal skills; ability to work independently and as part of a collaborative team in virtual and in-person environmentsComputer, Internet and general proficiency with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPointBasic familiarity with the SDLC, software development, and cloud-computingExperience in working within federal agencies is a plusBCT Partners’ mission is to provide insights about diverse people that lead to equity.We are a national, multi-disciplinary consulting firm that delivers a full range of research, consulting, training, technology, and analytics services. BCT works with government agencies, corporations, nonprofit organizations, educational institutions and foundations, and is one of the leading firms in the country with expertise in the following markets: housing and community development, economic development, workforce development, children and families, health, education, and diversity, equity & inclusion.We invite and welcome to our team people who share our values and goals; those with a passion for making the world a better place, who see strength in our diversity, seek equal opportunity for all communities and are motivated to create a more equitable and just society. We appreciate the knowledge, abilities, and ideas of each individual and embrace his/her/their positive contributions to our collaborative and dynamic work environment.Our ClientsThis position supports several BCT clients. A majority of the work will be with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Administration for Community Living (ACL) Office of Information Resources Management (OIRM). The mission of HHS ACL is to maximize the independence, well-being, and health of older adults, people with disabilities across the lifespan, and their families and caregivers. ACL’s Office of Information Resources Management (OIRM), located within the Center for Management and Budget (CMB), works with ACL’s program centers to provide and transform information technology services in support of programs serving older Americans and Americans with disabilities.This ProjectACL’s goal is to identify, develop, operate and secure a portfolio of new and existing systems that better support the needs of its program, increase system security, and/or reduce the cost for system development and operations. These technology solutions must comply with a complex set of laws and regulations, as well as user and reporting requirements, and must be sustainable and easily adaptable as program and compliance requirements evolve.OIRM operates across four segments, all reporting to the ACL Chief Information Officer: 1) IT Portfolio Management (ITPM), 2) Enterprise Digital Strategies & Solutions (EDSS), 3) Policy, and 4) Administrative Support. These segments are cohesive and must work in concert to achieve effective results. OIRM has contracted with BCT Partners to provide support to EDSS.[1] Job descriptions serve to provide guidance and information regarding position responsibilities and job expectations. BCT Partners reserves the right, where permitted by law, to modify position responsibilities, sometimes without notice or written updates to the job description documents.BCT Partners is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military and or/ veteran status, or any other Federal or State legally protected class. BCT Partners will not discriminate against persons because of their disability, including disabled veterans, and will make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of qualified employees and applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying and require special assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please contact our Human Resources department at careers@bctpartners. com. We appreciate the diversity of our communities and invite all who are interested to apply.For more information regarding BCT Partners' commitment to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action please click here: www.bctpartners.com/eeoaaJob Type: Full-timePay: $65,000.00 - $75,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	214	Washington
Software Engineer - SOLR (Remote)	Altarum Institute	United States	None	"Overview:

Altarum, a nonprofit systems research and consulting organization serving government and private sector clients, is pleased to announce an opening for a Software Engineer - SOLR within the Center for Connected Health. The Center for Connected Health advances population health management and healthcare delivery through the development of novel applications and health information exchange and interoperability solutions.
As a Software Engineer at Altarum, you will have the opportunity to make software and web development contributions to important healthcare projects such as java based web applications for public health, clinical decision support tools, EHR integration, and mobile applications. You’ll work in an Agile environment alongside a team of Software Developers, Business Analysts, and Public Health Analysts.
This is a W-2 position that will be dedicated to working on one of our cutting-edge projects to revamp a public health disease surveillance system that is anticipated to end in December 2022.
Responsibilities:
Work with a team of software engineers and analysts in developing systems that meet all technical and business requirements.
Design highly scalable software solutions to improve functionality and system longevity.
Able to effectively communicate with business leaders.
Experience in developing prototypes of new concepts and technologies
Experience in software development methodologies and standards, test-driven development, data analysis, and reporting.
While maintaining current production code, you must demonstrate a willingness to step into new roles and learn new technologies quickly.
Be innovative and share ideas as we evaluate new or alternative data processing techniques to determine their usefulness in meeting project needs and deadlines.
Qualifications:
BS degree in computer science
Must have strong experience with Apache SOLR.
At least 2-3 years of enterprise search application development and administration experience with Apache SOLR
Ability to use SOLR for data searches in structured and unstructured data
Creating adhoc SOLR Queries and build SOLR queries for multiple search requirements
3+ years of experience working on Java/J2EE applications, strong knowledge of Object Orientated Programming, and experience with multiple databases.
Must have strong java fundamentals and experience with Spring or Spring Boot, Hibernate, JSON and XML
Experience with Microservice designs and architectures, Service-oriented architecture (SOA), formal patterns etc
Technical development experience with REST/SOAP web services.
Basic knowledge of how modern JavaScript frameworks like VUE, React and Angular2 communicate with the back-end server.
Experience using cloud-based servers like AWS is a plus.
Experience with modern SDLC tools - Git, JIRA, Artifactory, Jenkins/TeamCity, OpenShift, Gradle
Prefer experience processing Medical Document formats like HL7 / QRDA III / FHIR or processing other custom formatted files.
Mobile development experience is a plus.
Enjoy working with a dynamic team, flexible and possess a good foundation of software development skills.
Self-motivated, enthusiastic, and a quick learner. You should have a broad base of software development experience, and be interested in continuing to grow technically via hands on experience and learning
At this time we will only accept candidates who are presently eligible to work in the United States and will not require sponsorship
 ABOUT ALTARUM:
Altarum Institute (Altarum) is a nonprofit organization headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan. We improve the health of at-risk and disenfranchised populations by building better systems of care and empowering all people to make well informed health decisions. Public sector clients include the U.S. Department of Defense, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Agriculture, Department of Veterans Affairs, and various state agencies nationwide. Altarum also serves clients in the philanthropic and private sectors. Areas of expertise include military health, women’s health, behavioral health and substance use disorders, health disparities and equity, continuing medical education and quality improvement, eldercare, public health interoperability, and disease surveillance.
In addition to the meaningful and challenging work, Altarum offers an outstanding benefits program that includes paid time off, tuition reimbursement, 401k (5% employer contribution), a flexible work environment, and much more. We invite you to explore exciting and rewarding career opportunities with us.
Altarum provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws."	214	Washington
Software Engineer	ENSCO, Inc.	Springfield, VA 22151	None	"Job Description
ENSCO Inc., located in Springfield Virginia, is looking for a software developer with a strong background in computer science, data collection systems, and software engineering to join our software engineering team in the ATE Division. ENSCO is the railroad industry’s source for state-of-the-art track inspection systems, track inspection services, rail vehicle evaluation testing, rail asset management, and rail security and safety. A senior developer with experience working in small teams to innovate and apply modern state of the art techniques to provide practical solutions to real world challenges is the ideal candidate to join our team.
ENSCO brings together decades of experience and the latest technologies, including laser scanners, real-time signal processing, computer vision, machine learning, GPS/inertial navigation, wireless communication, and Web data management to solve the needs of the railroad community for accurate inspection of their infrastructure. If you join, you would be working with a talented team within ENSCO to develop and implement a line of track inspection products that measure and monitor track conditions in real time from moving rail vehicles to improve railroad safety.

Energage recognized ENSCO with a National Top Workplaces award for our employee-focused culture of respect, diversity, inclusiveness and family-friendly policies. Energage selected ENSCO as a Top Workplaces in Technology Industry winner in recognition for a culture of employees who felt their work is meaningful and their efforts are appreciated by the company.

DiversityJobs selected ENSCO as a 2021 Top Diversity Employer in the Aerospace & Aviation space for demonstrating consistent outreach and dedication to hiring from all diversity groups, so the most qualified candidates can truly rise to the top of their careers.

Key customers include the Federal Railroad Administration, U.S. commercial railroads, transit systems, international railroads and transit agencies, and government agencies abroad.

Responsibilities will include:
Analyze the needs of internal customers including Product and Project ManagersDesign, test and develop the software in C# and other programming languages such as C++/Java/Python to meet the needs of customers.Apply a systems level understanding to software projects to integrate sensors and data collection hardware.Recommend upgrades for existing systems and programs.Develop software functionalities on individual products of a software that work well when integrated with the full system comprising of other software products.Create various diagrams, flowcharts and models that illustrate the type of code needed for programmers.Ensure continued functionality of an application/product during maintenance and testing of software.Document technical aspects of a system or application as a reference for future upgrades and maintenanceFix bugs or address client or consumer concerns.

Want to learn more about working for ENSCO Rail?

Click the below link or copy/paste in your browser to view the ENSCO Rail Careers & Culture Handbook:

https://bit.ly/2kHdfKh
Qualifications Required (Skills)
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related fields.Minimum of 3 years’ of relevant work experience.Experience developing software applications using C++ and Python programming languages.Experience developing software with QTExperience designing multi-tier applications with object-oriented design patterns.Experience with variety of programming languages such as C# and Java.Experience with variety of operating systems such as Windows, Ubuntu and RTOS.Experience with variety of databases such as MySQL, PostgreSQL and PostGIS.Experience developing software with Dev Ops mentality using CI/CD pipelines such as GIT.Strong critical thinking and root cause identification skills.Strong understanding of computer science and engineering techniques.Excellent time management skills.Excellent written and oral communications skills.Ability to climb a ladder 15 feet high to gain access to railway cars.Ability and willingness to travel up to 10% of the time.
Wearing safety equipment (hardhat, steel-toe boots, protective vest, and protective eyeglasses) when working on railroad properties is also a requirement. ENSCO will provide all necessary safety equipment.
Qualifications Desired
Master’s or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related fields.Experience with hardware interfaces, sensor integration, and driver development.Experience with JIRA workflow management or similar tools.Experience developing software applications for railway or transportation related inspection applications that interface with hardware.Experience working with signal processing, image processing, and machine learning interfaces.Competent knowledge and experience in applying and utilizing open-source libraries and tools.
Req ID
2315BR
Internal Position Title
Software Engineer III
Employment Status
Regular Full-time
U.S. Citizenship
No
Background Check Type
7 year
Drug Screen Type
None
Export Control and Licensing
This position may involve access to technology or technical data that is controlled under U.S. export control laws and regulations and the release of which to a foreign national may require an export license from the U.S. Government.
Contract Award Contingency
No
Recruiter
Deborah Morse
Benefit Highlights
Annual education tuition reimbursement401(k) Plan with 2.5% dollar-for-dollar company match in first year of employment, and up to 6% company match thereafterMedical, dental and vision insuranceSpending Accounts – FSA, Dependent Care FSA, and HSALeave available for holidays, bereavement, jury duty, military service, family medical leave, and as required by State lawPaid Time Off100% Company paid Employee Assistance Program and life, disability, accidental death and dismemberment, business travel accident, and professional liability insurance (employee only)Other voluntary programs, including supplemental life, auto and home insurance, and legal programComputer purchase discountRecognition and reward programsPatent awardsTechnical paper awards for presentations and publicationsRecruitment awardsLength of service awardsCommunity service recognition
Division Description
ENSCO’s ATE Division is recognized globally as a leading provider of railway infrastructure inspection technology. Our products and services are provided to governments and railways in more than 12 countries on five continents. ENSCO work helps prevent train derailments and has a significant impact on the protection of human life, the environment and the economy.

Our team of more than 145 staff supports leading-edge technology projects in many exciting areas:
Sensor systems integration: inertial, positioning (GPS/RFID), laser scanners, imaging (line scan, area scan, thermal), ultrasonic, ground penetrating radar, LIDAR
Autonomous deployment of sensors, positioning systems and wireless communications on active rail cars to inspect railways
Machine vision algorithm development to detect conditions traditionally inspected by humans
Enterprise web-based data management systems to display, report and conduct big data analytics
ENSCO’s ATE Division is an exciting place to work and grow with many key benefits for technical staff, including:
“Innovation Fridays:” Staff is given time to create and experiment with new processes, best practices, and technologies in their field.
Involvement in all levels of the design and development process: Significant experience is gained that is not always available at larger companies that typically reserve serious engineering tasks for more seasoned staff.
Direct exposure to customer management, financial management and business development.
Working in ENSCO’s Rail Division provides a means to acquire a wide range of practical skills and experience in a short period of time, work on exciting and ground-breaking technology projects that impact transportation safety and offers domestic and international travel opportunities if desired.
ENSCO provides a stimulating, collaborative, multi-discipline environment with coworkers from diverse technical and cultural backgrounds working together to make the world a safer place. Come join a stable and growing company and experience the reward of seeing the results of your work make a real impact on solving some of the world’s most challenging problems.
Strength in Diversity
ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law."	214	Washington
Software Engineer III, Search, Social Impact	Google	Washington, DC (NoMa area)	None	"Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience.
Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages.
Preferred qualifications:

Experience developing accessible technologies.
Interest and ability to learn other coding languages.
About the job
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.

The Search Social Impact (SSI) verticals are teams that build structured solutions for global Search and Assistant users in deep domains such as civics, sustainability, education, personal finance. These verticals are uniquely focused on addressing important societal user needs, in support of life decisions and tasks.
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another.
Responsibilities
Design, implement, and test features including modernizing existing features onto assigned platforms, adding depth to existing features, and building new features for everyday social impact needs.
Inform the product design in collaboration with UX, Product Managers, Program Managers, and other Software Engineering peers.
Collaborate with Search infrastructure teams to appropriately leverage platforms and application programming interface. Improve or influence existing horizontal infrastructure to better support user needs.
Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form."	214	Washington
Software Engineer III	Sierra Nevada Corporation	Herndon, VA 20170	$101,775 - $139,940 a year	"Do you enjoy developing new products and services? Join us! Our Software Engineers work in an agile, collective environment. You will be using your skills and expertise to define, design, develop, test, certify and improve cutting-edge software products. These cover a very wide range from advanced mission payloads and electronic systems through highly integrated aircraft to orbital and space exploration systems. You'll perform coding, debugging, testing, and troubleshooting of systems and software throughout our development process. Your technical duties involve the design and development of new software products throughout the product lifecycle.

The Mission Solutions and Technologies (MST) business area provides affordable, turn-key command/control, communications, integrated ISR, force protection and security solutions worldwide. The MST team has a long legacy of supporting the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, commercial and international customers with years of experience in platform operations, engineering and full lifecycle management across domains – air, land, sea, space and cyber. Learn more about MST

Must-haves:
Bachelor's of Science degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or other related discipline and typically 6 or more years of relevant experience
Understanding of industry standard software languages C++, Java, and Python
Practical knowledge of engineering principles and practices
The ability to obtain and maintain a Secret U.S. Security Clearance is required. Learn more about the background check process for Security Clearances

Preferred:
Experience with service-oriented APIs and message passing
Experience with deployment tools like Jenkins
Experience with Git source control
Experience working with software containers
Strong communication skills (written and verbal)
Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Demonstrated skill in leading other developers
Knowledge of software development methodologies such as, Waterfall, Agile/Scrum and Spiral

Important Notice:
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret U.S. Security Clearance. U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance for employment. Non-U.S. citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance. The Department of Defense Consolidated Adjudications Facility (DoD CAF), a federal government agency, handles the adjudicative aspects of the security clearance eligibility process for industry applicants. Adjudicative factors which affect the outcome of the eligibility determination include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the U.S., foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and illegal drug use.

At Sierra Nevada Corporation (SNC) we deliver customer-focused technology and best-of-breed integrations in the aerospace and defense sectors. SNC has been honored as one of the most innovative U.S. companies in space, a Tier One Superior Supplier for the U.S. Air Force, and as one of America’s fastest-growing companies. Learn more about SNC

Estimated Starting Salary Range: $101,774.67 - $139,940.19

SNC offers a generous benefit package, including medical, dental, and vision plans, 401(k) with 150% match up to 8%, life insurance, 3 weeks paid time off, tuition reimbursement, and more .

Sierra Nevada Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer
– Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran, or any other protected status
pursuant to applicable local, state or federal law, ordinance or regulation."	214	Washington
Power Platform Application Developer (Programmer Analyst III)	Fairfax County Government	Fairfax, VA 22035	$75,516 - $125,861 a year	"This job opportunity is being re-announced. Applicants who previously applied for this job do not need to re-apply; all applications will be considered.

Works as part of the county’s enterprise wide D365 deployment implementation team. As part of a development technology team, the CRM Solutions Developer is part of an agile development team, working on the deployment, customization, and integration of Microsoft Dynamics CRM in the enterprise. This individual will be involved in portions of the full systems life cycle (based on experience/skills) and is responsible for designing, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining, and supporting application software that is delivered on time and within budget. Handles complex problems independently and demonstrates analytical thinking and can make judgments and recommendations based on the analysis and interpretation of data.

Works with clients to understand business requirements throughout the project lifecycle from requirements gathering to final delivery including working with other county disciplines as required to ensure a successful technical delivery of Power Platform D365 solutions to support the business needs of county agencies. This also requires the ability to design and validate the technical architecture for a solution, determine whether you can meet requirements with out of box functionality, determine to use Logic Apps vs Power automate flows, determine when to use plug-ins, and connectors.
Employment Standards
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Any combination of education, experience, and training equivalent to the following:
(Click on the aforementioned link to learn how Fairfax County interprets equivalencies for ""Any combination, experience, and training equivalent to"")
Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a degree in Information Systems, Computer Technology, Business, Economics, or related field, plus three years programming/analysis experience in a complex information systems environment.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
At least 3 years of related experience in developing Power Platform Dynamics 365 solutions.
Experience configuring, and implementation of Power Apps, Power Automate, portals, and other CRM integration solution components, architecture, infrastructure, and tools. In addition, have strong hands-on development experience using App and Solution Checker, API connectors, Portal and CDS integration and perform data migrations using Kingswaysoft and Dynamics 365 Configuration manager.
Ability to develop technical specifications, conduct code reviews, diagnose, repair, resolve application problems, and automate/manage solutions.
Microsoft Power Platform Developer Associate certification is preferred, but not required.
NECESSARY SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:
The appointee to this position will be required to complete a criminal background check to the satisfaction of the employer.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Work is generally sedentary, performed in a normal office environment. All duties performed with or without reasonable accommodations.

SELECTION PROCEDURE:
Panel interview and may include exercise.
This position is listed as ""open continuous"". Interested applicants are advised to submit their applications as soon as possible. Applications will be reviewed, and qualified applicants referred on a continuous basis. Interviews will be conducted on a regular basis throughout the recruitment with candidates whose qualifications best fit our needs. If your application is received later in the recruitment process, it may not be reviewed or considered. The application process will close when the position(s) have been filled or when a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received.
Fairfax County Government prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics, political affiliation, or status as a veteran in the recruitment, selection, and hiring of its workforce.

Reasonable accommodations are available to persons with disabilities during application and/or interview processes per the Americans with Disabilities Act. Contact 703-324-4900 for assistance. TTY 703-222-7314. EEO/AA/TTY."	214	Washington
Systems Analyst/Application Developer III	City of Fairfax	Fairfax, VA	$74,102 - $118,355 a year	"Description
Performs the full range of professional duties required to design, implement, enhance and maintain computer applications for a specific organizational or citywide clientele; trains end users; and performs related duties as required or assigned.
Examples Of Duties
Understand the customer needs and establish the best solutions that address the technical and business requirements
Build and configure business solutions for business process owners by developing useful tools and leveraging multiple software solutions both in house and 3rd party
Work with user groups and vendors to perform configuration, integration and testing of business systems.
Actively participate in the analysis and assessment of proposed enhancements.
Take ownership of the solutions from end to end, including architecting, building, testing, documentation, and deployment
Investigate issues and collaborate with peers, departments and vendors to reach resolution
Become an Application administrator and SME for City’s key applications
Provide technical documentation and user training
Other tasks and duties as assigned by supervisor
Typical Qualifications
Any combination of education and experience equivalent to a bachelor’s degree in computer science or information systems with courses in a related field, plus 5 years of progressively more responsible experience in system analysis, programming or related information system areas.

Necessary Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Considerable experience in software development life cycle
Work experience in using a variety of programming languages and tools including JavaScript, .Net, Java, HTML, CSS, Oracle/SQL
Working knowledge of database design and development concepts and processes; Experience with SQL server, transact SQL; stored procedure
Considerable knowledge of the principles and practices associated with database maintenance and administration
Experience with implementing and supporting enterprise applications
Ability to assess business needs and translate them into relevant solutions
Strong data analysis and application testing skills; Ability to troubleshoot system problems in context.
Understanding of Web application, responsive web design and mobile apps
Ability and willingness to learn and master new application platforms as required
Ability to work independently and as part of multiple teams on overlapping projects.
Ability to lead projects, manage own timeline and coordinate multi-department efforts.
Strong verbal and written communication skills

Desired

Prior experience with the Accela Civic Platform a big plus
Experience or knowledge of zoning, permitting process or application a plus.
Experience or knowledge of GIS
Supplemental Information
Hours, Monday - Friday, 8:30 a.m.- 5:00"	214	Washington
Full-Time Applications Developer	KINGZ	Fairfax, VA	None	"Location: Fairfax, Virginia and Telework
Job Description:

Possesses and applies a comprehensive knowledge across key tasks and high impact assignments. Plans and leads major technology assignments. Evaluates performance results and recommends major changes affecting short-term project growth and success. Functions as a technical expert across multiple project assignments. May supervise others.
(i) Designs, develops, enhances, debugs, and implements software. Troubleshoots production problems related to software applications.
(ii) Researches, tests, build, and coordinate the conversion and/or integration of new products based on client requirements. Designs and develops new software products or major enhancements to existing software.
(iii) Addresses problems of systems integration, compatibility, and multiple platforms.
(iv) Consults with project teams and end users to identify application requirements.
(i) Performs feasibility analysis on potential future projects to management.
(vi) Assists in the evaluation and recommendation of application software packages, application integration and testing tools.
(vii) Resolves problems with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.
(viii) Acts as team leader on projects.
(ix) Instructs, assigns, directs, and checks the work of other software developers on development team.
(x) Participates in development of software user manuals.
Education Required: BS/BA
Years Experience Required: 4+
Special Skills:
(i) AWS development
(ii) AWS Environment configuration
(ii) Hadoop configuration and development
(iv) data migration of GB and TB levels
(v) Information System Migration
Contact Name: President
Phone: 703.409.4479
Email: president@kingz.biz
Preferred Contact Method: Email"	214	Washington
Software Development Manager III	Discovery	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Discovery hires the very best and brightest talent who are enthusiastic and passionate to fulfill the company’s mission of empowering people to explore their world and satisfy their curiosity.
In exchange for their talent and drive, employees are provided with an engaging, diverse workplace and the resources they need to learn, thrive and grow in their careers.
Job Summary
Discovery is the largest provider of non-fiction network programming in the USA with channels like Discovery, TLC, Animal Planet, Oprah Winfrey Network, Cooking Channel, Food Network, Travel Channel, and many more (total of 18 Discovery GO brands).
Discovery is looking for top engineering talent whose deep technical chops and problem-solving skills are matched only by their passion for good architecture and user experience. Here in Discovery’s Content Systems team, we build software and solutions that power Discovery’s global Content Supply Chain. We live at the intersection of technology and content. We work with our business partners, innovating, automating, and iterating, driving down supply chain costs and speeding time to market. We come together as a team to build many customer-driven views into a single global inventory of content and metadata that’s visible and available for all of Discovery. Our cloud-based applications capture, curate, and distribute hundreds of thousands of hours of video each year. This is a growing, global engineering group crucial to Discovery’s future.
As television and media habits change, our mission remains true to the principles that founded Discovery – every day we seek to ignite people’s curiosity to engage, entertain and enlighten the world around them through amazing viewing experiences.
We are hiring Senior Software Development Managers (SDMs) to join our team. The ideal candidate has a track record of building a team identity and defining how that team works within a larger organization. They have mastered the ability to spread large and small assignments throughout their team, setting the team up to succeed without constant oversight. The SDM is a technical leader that people turn to when they want to build something new. The SDM understands how to drive creativity and innovation from their team while working within the structure of the larger organization.
Responsibilities
1. You understand a broad range of computer science concepts, and know how, where, when, and when not, to use them. You can dive deep into a wide range of technical problems, offering suggestions and feedback to your team. Your interest in technology has not faded as you moved into a leadership role and you are still comfortable with technical details.
2. You work with key stakeholders to deliver a high-quality product ensuring that software development is, and always remains, under control and on track.
3. Your written and verbal communication skills are top notch. You can distill key points out of complex technical descriptions to share with non-technical stakeholders, adapting your language and style of communication depending on the audience. You communicate through data, dates and facts using emotion judiciously to motivate and inspire.
4. You lead by example and do not consider yourself above individual contributor work. You are comfortable teaching best practices by showing, not just telling, developers. Teams follow your lead because you are an inspirational leader - by showing empathy for the problems they’re facing, your commitment to help them succeed in their career and leaning on your deep experience to help them overcome challenges.
5. You have demonstrated the ability to make great hiring decisions as shown by the performance of developers on your team, and you are able to retain and develop the best developers.
6. You have demonstrated the capacity to make decisions for more than one development team or functional area showing that your judgment is broad based and logical, not technology or product specific.
Requirements7+ years in a leadership role- leading and managing software development team. Providing direction, setting goals, recruiting & mentoring both ICs and junior leaders.Programming & domain experience on microservices, Angular and container-based application design.5+ years programming experience using Java, Python, JavaScript, Go or other similar languages.A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent work experience.Hands-on expertise in disparate technologies, typically ranging from front-end user interfaces through to back-end systems and all points in between.Knowledge of large-scale application architecture, design, implementation, and performance tuning.Experience in modern DevOps/SRE practices such as CI/CD, performance monitoring & incident managementComputer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis.Must have the legal right to work in the United States.
Discovery Communications, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Discovery is committed to being an employer of choice, not just a good place to work, but a great and inclusive place to work. To that end, we strive to recruit and maintain a workforce that meaningfully represents the diverse and culturally rich communities that we serve. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disabled status or, genetic information.
We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including but not limited to all local Fair Chance Ordinances.
EEO is the Law
Pay Transparency Policy Statement
California Job Applicant Privacy Policy
If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application process, please send an email request to HR@discovery.com."	214	Washington
Server/database Administrator	Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC)	Washington, DC	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 25 years. We are currently looking for a Server/ Database Administrator to join our team.

PROJECT DETAILS

Since October 2010, the U.S. House of Representatives (House) has been using PeopleSoft Financials as its production financials application with the following modules: General Ledger, Commitment Control, Purchasing, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable/Billing, and Asset Management. Currently the House is using version 9.2, tools 8.56. The House uses Oracle Access Management and Oracle Unified Directory single sign-on functionality for PeopleSoft with Active Directory. PeopleSoft is also integrated with Oracle Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management Public Sector Budget and Planning application.
In addition to normal production support activities such as adding new reports and enhancements, PeopleSoft Financials application patches may be applied to the application during the timeframe of this task order. Several other projects may also be underway: Migrating Oracle OAM 12c to Linux OS, evaluating and preparing for PeopleTools 8.58, evaluating PeopleSoft upgrade to image 36, evaluating ADFS migration and other Identity Management functionality.
The House is seeking a Server/Database Administrator to support the House's ERP PeopleSoft Financials application. The Server/Database Administrator will act as a system administrator and will assist with production support, administer, configure, monitor, document, analyze, and troubleshoot the PeopleSoft architecture including software, servers, databases, and related third-party tools. In addition, the Server/Database Administrator will assist with projects related to PeopleSoft, including integration activities with other applications. The Server/Database Administrator will assist the PeopleSoft support staff, working directly with the other database and system administrators, developers, and the functional teams.

SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES
Support the House's ERP PeopleSoft Financials production and test/dev environments, as well as the continued design, development, enhancement, build, migration, patch, and test activities. Prepare for and build new instances and perform refreshes and upgrades.
Administer, configure, monitor, document, analyze, and troubleshoot the PeopleSoft architecture including software, servers, databases, and related third-party tools. Assist with evaluating additional functionality and tools and using current functionality and tools in other ways to increase the benefits of the application for the House;
Support the team's ongoing activities such as the migrating OAM 12c to Linux, required PeopleTools upgrade to 8.58, migration of GO programs to PeopleSoft Application Engines/SQR, evaluation of ADFS for PeopleSoft, evaluation of PeopleSoft image 36 upgrade, Support AM and Coupa implementation.

SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS

Knowledge and experience supporting the following as a system administrator: Oracle 12c, PeopleSoft Financials 9.2, and tools 8.56/8.57/8.58,
Strong background in installation, configuration and administration of PeopleSoft 9.2 in Solaris,
Knowledge and experience patching and upgrading PeopleSoft Financials and PeopleTools, and
Knowledge and experience with GO language.
Note: Knowledge and experience with the following is a plus, but not required:
PeopleSoft Financials modules: General Ledger, Commitment Control, Purchasing, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable/Billing, and Asset Management, Contract Management,
Oracle Enterprise Manager,
Using Stat, version control and change management software, to migrate change between PeopleSoft instances,
Integrating PeopleSoft with Oracle Access Management and ADFS,
Oracle Database 12c, and 6.5.6. PeopleSoft installation on RedHat Enterprise Linux.

Education:

The Contractor shall have a bachelor’s degree
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position.

Please note: Candidate(s) will be required to go through pre-employment screening.

Cybermedia Technologies, Inc. is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer! (EOE; M/F/D/V)"	214	Washington
Software Developer III- Java	Powersolv	Washington, DC	None	"Job Title: Software Developer III
Location: Washington DC

Overview:
The purpose of this position is to provide support for critical business functions through the development, implementation, testing and maintenance of applications systems.
Responsibilities:
The position’s essential duties include the following:
Support critical business functions through the development, implementation, and maintenance of applications and systems;
Contribute software development expertise to multiple projects and ensure that specifications are met;
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document software applications;
Follow established software development standards and procedures and contribute towards their improvement;
Develop complex application features and create technical designs;
Participate in peer code and design reviews;
Experienced with a wide range of technologies;
Coordinate with departments and users in the support of business applications.
Represent the IT department in terms of software development expertise in coordination with other departments;

Type of Experience JEE Years of Experience
JEE, EJB 3+, Hibernate 3+, JPA, JMS, JSF, JBoss 4+ 5+ Years
Spring 5+ Years
Oracle 10g+; SQL Server RDBMS concepts 5+ Years
Application Development/Software Engineering/Design Patterns 5+ Years
Web application development 5+ Years
Object oriented design and architecture 5+ Years
Web Services/API Development and use 5+ Years
Technical Documentation 4+ Years

NOTE: In addition, please list any desired experience.
Experience API’s and SOA Patterns
Experience with integration of application software and RDBMS
Knowledge of configuration management, release management principles
Knowledge of SOA
Experience with agile SDLC; Scrum preferred
Experience with high availability architectures
Knowledge of networking and system engineering concepts
Experience with PL/SQL
Experience with scripting languages
Experience with Oracle Access Manager (OAM)
Knowledge of application security concepts

SPECIAL SKILLS:
Analytical and problem solving skills
Developing and/or creating new or more effective ideas, approaches, etc.
Developing and executing short-range plans/decisions
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to exercise sound judgment across a broad range of circumstances."	214	Washington
Cybersecurity Technical Writer III	BCT Partners	Washington, DC	None	Position Summary:The Cybersecurity Technical Writer III produces high-quality 508-complaint documents that effectively translate technical materials for better understanding by the Client and the communities it serves. Deliverables include general and cybersecurity materials such as Authorizations to Operate (ATO), risk assessments, Plan of Action and Milestones (POAM), architectural documents, user guides, info graphics, charts, help guides and developer guides. This position works collaboratively with technology executives (CIO/CISO), developers, architects, quality engineers and security experts to ensure work products meet compliance, technical and quality standards, and support project objectives.Key Responsibilities1:Research and independently develop high-quality 508-compliant documents, including cybersecurity project deliverables (e.g., Plan of Action and Milestones (POAM), Authorization to Operate (ATO), risk assessments), white papers, blogs, user guides and training manuals, meeting minutes, business process and data flow diagrams, etc.Receive and respond to feedback, make timely changes as requested; keep organized records of changes and edits for reference.Work with internal project teams to gather and understand product and documentation requirements; effectively apply them to materials; stay abreast and respond to changes and updates as required.Document systems, procedures, processes, workflows, and governance as well as system and/or enterprise architecture; write easy-to-understand user interface text, as well as online help and developer guides.Prepare written presentations for mangers or targeted groups to explain highly technical or complex programs, projects or situations and solicit their buy in.Create illustrations, graphs, charts and other media for materials, as needed.Conform to required standards, while also suggesting technical corrections for improved formatting, content, structure, organization, and clarity that benefit users.Edit and review own work and the work of others, as needed.Perform other reasonable tasks as assigned by management in support of BCT’s goals and objectives.Experience, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:3-5 years’ technical writing experience supporting security documentation and ATOs; also experience authoring and updating enterprise applications documentationMust have the knowledge to be able to proactively make informed decisions and recommendations to ensure documentation meets compliance, technical and quality standards, and supports project objectivesBachelor’s degree in a relevant field such as technical writing, English, journalism, communications, computer science, electrical engineering, other engineering or technical disciplines, and at least 3 years of related work experience in the fieldGood spoken communication, strong written, visual and digital communication skills with an attention to details; able to quickly grasp complex technical concepts and make them easily understandable using text and pictures; able to diagram and illustrate workflowsRespectful demeanor and interpersonal skills; ability to work independently and as part of a collaborative team in virtual and in-person environments; must be organized, and able to effectively prioritize and meet deadlinesStrong understanding of Cloud Infrastructure nuances, Services and Solutions with modern security controls and strategiesBasic understanding of network infrastructure, SDLC, software development, and cloud-computingUnderstanding of NIST, Security Controls, Microservices, API's and 3rd Party Identity ManagementFamiliarity with, Risk Management, Zero-trust security management, security incident response documentation process, API methods and protocolsExperience inheriting FedRamp controls and evaluating 3rd party toolsGeneral proficiency with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPointExperience reviewing documents for 508-compliance is desired but not requiredKnowledge of FISMA, DOD Stig, a plus; experience with Google Cloud Infrastructure and Microsoft Azure also a plusExperience in working within federal agencies is a plusBCT Partners’ mission is to provide insights about diverse people that lead to equity.We are a national, multi-disciplinary consulting firm that delivers a full range of research, consulting, training, technology, and analytics services. BCT works with government agencies, corporations, nonprofit organizations, educational institutions and foundations, and is one of the leading firms in the country with expertise in the following markets: housing and community development, economic development, workforce development, children and families, health, education, and diversity, equity & inclusion.We invite and welcome to our team people who share our values and goals; those with a passion for making the world a better place, who see strength in our diversity, seek equal opportunity for all communities and are motivated to create a more equitable and just society. We appreciate the knowledge, abilities, and ideas of each individual and embrace his/her/their positive contributions to our collaborative and dynamic work environment.Our ClientsThis position supports several BCT clients. A majority of the work will be with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Administration for Community Living (ACL) Office of Information Resources Management (OIRM). The mission of HHS ACL is to maximize the independence, well-being, and health of older adults, people with disabilities across the lifespan, and their families and caregivers. ACL’s Office of Information Resources Management (OIRM), located within the Center for Management and Budget (CMB), works with ACL’s program centers to provide and transform information technology services in support of programs serving older Americans and Americans with disabilities.This ProjectACL’s goal is to identify, develop, operate and secure a portfolio of new and existing systems that better support the needs of its program, increase system security, and/or reduce the cost for system development and operations. These technology solutions must comply with a complex set of laws and regulations, as well as user and reporting requirements, and must be sustainable and easily adaptable as program and compliance requirements evolve.OIRM operates across four segments, all reporting to the ACL Chief Information Officer: 1) IT Portfolio Management (ITPM), 2) Enterprise Digital Strategies & Solutions (EDSS), 3) Policy, and 4) Administrative Support. These segments are cohesive and must work in concert to achieve effective results. OIRM has contracted with BCT Partners to provide support to EDSS.BCT Partners is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, military and or/ veteran status, or any other Federal or State legally protected class. BCT Partners will not discriminate against persons because of their disability, including disabled veterans, and will make reasonable accommodations for known physical or mental limitations of qualified employees and applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying and require special assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please contact our Human Resources department at careers @bctpartners.com. We appreciate the diversity of our communities and invite all who are interested to apply.For more information regarding BCT Partners' commitment to equal employment opportunity and affirmative action please click here: www.bctpartners.com/eeoaaJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftWork Location:One locationFully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes	214	Washington
Junior Developer	CTEC	Washington, DC	None	Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 25 years. We are currently looking for a Junior Developer to join our team.Duties and ResponsibilitiesOur focus is to develop and deliver innovative customer-centric technologies and solutions that facilitate OPM operation and maintenance (O&M) and Modernization support for legacy and new applications in a production environment. Support the development and work with government business/mission clients to ensure changes/bugs identified in the production systems are fixed, verified, and tested in lower environments (development, test, and staging). The Junior developer needs to be able to work independently to modify software code in the lower environments and document system changes per the business requirements and update the associated tickets or user story. We are seeking a Junior Developer who will provide support services that enable the successful design, validation, and deployment of legacy interfaces. Additionally, responsibilities are listed below:Serve as the Junior Developer for SDM O&M efforts. The Junior Developer serves as the government's proxy to the delivery team and prioritizes their work. Defines and accepts stories to move to UAT and coordinates O&M efforts with the government and delivery team members (e.g., Product Management, Release Engineer, Development Team, and Quality/Requirements Engineers).Writing software test scripts, performing and automating data acquisition, and establishing appropriate test configurations.Working with various browser technologies (HTML, JavaScript, JSP, Ajax, web servers), or Microsoft .NET, C++, C#, and optional python.Developing web applications using Microsoft. Net, Java, and JavaScript.Knowledge of JQuery, JQueryUI, Bootstrap, various responsive web design disciplines also Knowledge of Microsoft MVC model is helpful.Support other defined work in support of and in collaboration with the program office to successfully achieve its goals as it pertains to the operations, maintenance, and enhancement of legacy systems.Work closely and collaboratively with the OPM community performing a wide range of product development support necessary to assist them in the successful development of solutions.Support compliance with program office change management procedures for all software development and system change request made on existing and new production ready software.Support compliance with the current security framework: current system security plans, system categorization and the privacy impact assessments and any other documents considered mandatory by the Agency’s Chief Information Security Office (CISO), and in adherence to FISMA and Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) requirements.Support Operations and Maintenance (O&M) and/or Development, Modification, Enhancements (DME) delivery teams initiate, plan, execute, monitor and control, and close out activities in support of Software Development Maintenance (SDM) as outlined in the Statement of Work (SOW).Perform documentation creation for design/development artiacts and documents.Gather and document requirements to define scope of work for development associated deliverables based on defined user story acceptance criteria.Support agile and scrum sessions that include requirements, and decomposition.Develop and implement new functionality requested by the customers or from within the technical team.Implement system enhancement due to infrastructure changes/upgrades and OPM standards.Conduct testing tasks including unit testing, integration system testing, progression/regression testing, User Acceptance Testing and document testing results based on front-end, back-end, and database updates.Support all deployment activities for development, test, UAT, and production support.Support any security requirements, as needed.Work Experience: 8+ years of experience in various technologies such as:Angular, ReactJS, KnockOutASP.NET/C# - (Generics)ASP ClassicalTeam Foundation Server (TFS)DevOps tools such as Microsoft OctopusProject Management tools such Jira, Confluence, and SharePointJavaScriptNunitVisual SourceSafeMS SQLMS AccessUnit TestingOracleMySQLMongoDBObject Oriented, MVC, and Functional ProgrammingHTMLBackground and technical expertise in ASP.NET, C#, and/or Python.Candidate must be able to effectively communicate, both verbally and in writing.Candidate must demonstrate ability to manage technical aspects as a technical team lead.Must be able to work independently and with minimum supervision.Experience with cloud such as Azure or AWS is a plus.Experience with Financial or Healthcare Benefits / Enrollment Management systems is a plusEducation: Applicant must have bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fieldClearance Requirements: Preferred OPM clearanceThe above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position.Please note: Candidate(s) will be required to go through pre-employment screening.Cybermedia Technologies, Inc. is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer! (EOE; M/F/D/V)Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Development: 5 years (Preferred).NET: 3 years (Preferred)SQL: 3 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Confidential (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	214	Washington
Spclst, Cyber Sec Cntrl	RTX	Washington, DC 20020 (Anacostia area)	None	"Information System Security Manager (ISSM)
Raytheon Intelligence & Space (RIS)-Arlington, VA.

***$5,000 Sign on Bonus for External Candidates***

Are you looking to be empowered; to develop innovative and agile solutions that manage the complexity of future Cybersecurity requirements? RIS is seeking an adaptable and engaged candidate with 6+ years of experience in executing leadership and managerial duties with multiple responsibilities to include the execution of a comprehensive Cybersecurity program under the applicable governing Risk Management Framework (RMF) derived regulations such as: DAAPM, JSIG and ICD-503.

In this role, you will have a direct impact on achieving successful business results which exceed customer expectations through purposeful design and flawless execution.
If you’re ready for a career that makes a difference in an ever growing and dynamic cybersecurity landscape, the RIS ISSM role may be your next great opportunity!

Due to federal security clearance requirements, applicant must be a United

States Citizen with a Top Secret.

Requirements of the Information System Security Manager:
Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems/Technology related field.
Minimum of 5+ years of experience working directly with Cyber Security technologies.
Demonstrated expertise in the development and implementation of a comprehensive cybersecurity program to include risk management, developing system security plans (SSP)s and associated artifacts (e.g. POAMs, etc.), obtaining authorizations to operate (ATOs), identifying secure system configurations (e.g. Win10, Server2016, RHEL7, etc.), conducting system/network audits, and remediating cyber-incidents.
Demonstrated ability to monitor and manage cybersecurity workforce improvement (e.g. training, certifications, performance management, etc.).
You must also be willing to obtain DoD 8570 certification IAM Level III certification.
The benefits of joining the RIS team:
Sign-on bonus
Competitive Offer
Flexible Schedule (9/80)
Annual Performance Review-Recognition & Bonus
Tuition Reimbursement
Competitive Benefits Package
Career Development Path
Virtual, Accelerated, Applied & Experiential Training Opportunities

Raytheon Intelligence & Space delivers the disruptive technologies our customers need to succeed in any domain, against any challenge. A developer of advanced sensors, training, and cyber and software solutions, Raytheon Intelligence & Space provides a decisive advantage to civil, military and commercial customers in more than 40 countries around the world. Headquartered in Arlington, Virginia, the business generated $15 billion in pro forma annual revenue in 2019 and has 39,000 employees worldwide.
181312
Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status."	214	Washington
Service Maintenance Technician III	The Community Builders Inc	Washington, DC 20011 (Catholic University-Brookland area)	None	"Service Maintenance Technician III
The Community Builders, Inc. (TCB)

Join a growing organization that is strengthening neighborhoods across the nation! The Community Builders, Inc. (TCB) is one of America's leading nonprofit real estate developers and owners. Our mission is to build and sustain strong communities where people of all incomes can achieve their full potential.

Position Description:
Under the direction of the Service Maintenance Manager, the Service Technician III is responsible for promptly responding to all work orders, turnovers and property maintenance needs, and performing repairs at the certified technician level (HVAC, plumbing, electrical, carpentry, etc.) Level III Service Technicians should have a high degree of building trades knowledge, as demonstrated by certification at a technical school, and at least 5 years of experience in a facilities technician role. The Service Technician III is vital to the successful maintenance of the property, through attention to service that affects the overall cleanliness, appearance and quality of the property and its presentation to its residents and to the community. The successful candidate must have an excellent customer service focus, and be able to work in a positive, productive relationship with the other team members, and be technically skilled to work independently.
Essential Functions:
Prepares and performs all necessary repairs to vacant apartments for new residents.
Diagnoses problems and repairs in the areas of electrical, plumbing, carpentry and HVAC, and repairs/replaces appliances as needed. This includes but is not limited to: windows, doors, all fixtures, painting, grout and tile work, keys and locks and grounds maintenance including snow removal from walkways, parking lots and buildings.
Maintains an inventory of supplies and complies with OSHA regulations
Responds to all service requests and on-call emergencies in a timely and professional manner, as directed by the Community Manager or Service Manager
Assists in maintaining the exterior of the property daily to provide clean and appealing curb appeal at all times.
Inspect the property to insure that all is in order and Service Manager is aware of any maintenance or safety issues
Timely completion of work order requests and in accordance with company policies and procedures. .
Provide preventive maintenance for all buildings' systems, equipment and components.
Prepare vacant units to be market ready within company guidelines
Be aware of all utility meter cut-offs, apartment and fixture cut-offs, sewer cleanouts.
Report to immediate supervisor any problems and/or issues relating to safety or management of the property.
Available for weekend work, on-call rotation and emergency service call duties.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Strong verbal and written communication skills required.
Basic computer skills, including industry software a plus.
Knowledge of Federal Fair Housing Laws & Guidelines a plus.
Knowledge of all hand and power tools, cleaning supplies, and protective equipment.
Valid Driver's License and reliable transportation.
Strong attention to detail, organizational, time-management and problem solving skills.
Superior customer service skills including the ability to manage difficult customers and/or situations.
Ability to read, write, understand and communicate in English, bilingual skills a plus!

Physical Demands & Work Environment: Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50 percent of the time. Occasionally ascends/descends a ladder to service the lights and ceiling fans
Frequently moves equipment weighing up to 100 pounds across sites.
Constantly works in outdoor weather conditions.

Education & Experience:
High School diploma or equivalent required. Some trade school desired or 5 years of progressive responsibility in property management, hospitality or retail experience required.
Minimum of 5 years of advanced hands-on repair experience at Technician II level in one or more building trades
Industry-Trade certifications/Degrees (NAHMS, CAMT, OSHA, HVAC, ETC) preferred

The Community Builders, Inc., is committed to ensuring diversity in its workplace, and applicants from diverse backgrounds are strongly encouraged to apply.
PM19
PI139623177"	214	Washington
Financial Engineer III	TechOpps Inc.	Washington, DC	None	"Job ID
27361119
Location
Washington, DC
Other Location
Description
JOB INFORMATION
Use advanced mathematical, analytical, or econometric tools to create algorithms that will be used in analytical or product development processes. Using these tools, develop or refine computer applications that provide deeper analysis of prospective asset performance, asset pricing, new asset classes, or information needed to measure or hedge risk. Provide ongoing analysis of new products or asset classes, and suggest program modifications as necessary. May test applications for accuracy and functionality before putting them into service.
KEY JOB FUNCTIONS
Confer with product managers, marketing staff, capital market staff, or business unit management to determine analytical or product-related needs regarding product, investment instrument, market activity, or complex transaction to be analyzed.
Use one or more analytical tools from a suite of mathematical/application tools to perform appropriate analysis on specified product, transaction, market activity, or investment vehicle that has multiple variables affecting potential outcomes.
Report in quantitative manner on parameters of proposed purchase, sale, marketing action, structure of transaction or market activity, or risk factors and the degree to which they could affect outcomes.
Participate with product management, treasury, or capital markets staff in exercises to value derivatives or other complex products, or to revise models used to perform these valuations.
Perform ad hoc analyses as needed and assist managers of specific product lines with analytical, valuation, or pricing projects. Collaborate with teams planning or structuring transactions to assist in credit analysis and pricing.
Perform loss forecast analysis and reporting; perform ongoing ad hoc model development and analysis for specific clients needing high level quantitative analysis of credit risk, product valuation, asset analysis, and the like.
Redefine and implement the components of new risk indicators. Consult with the business owners, design and implement an interface to record key indicators, research industry best practices of analyzing and reporting key performance indicators.
Design test cases and test applications for systems used for a variety of analytical, pricing, risk management or credit pricing to ensure the business needs are met and analytics are correctly implemented.

EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent required

AREA OF STUDY PREFERRED
Economics, Finance, Mathematics or Statics

MINIMUM EXPERIENCE
4-6 years of related experience

SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS
Full-stack developer using Java, J2EE and Spring and Angular Framework
Experience developing web-based GUI using Spring, Hibernate, Spring Boot, Angular, Java Scripting, databases, XML and JSON
Experience in Web services: REST/SOAP, CSS, HTML, Oracle/SQL, Linux and Proficiency in UNIX shell scripting
Unit testing and automation testing experience (Cucumber, Selenium), CI/CD Tools: Jenkins
Proficiency in software development life cycle, Agile scrum
Professional experience building, architecting and operating solutions built on clouds (AWS)
Experience with Microsoft office (Word, Excel, Visio and power point), Jasmine, Karma, JavaScript, CICD, GIT, JIRA, Jenkins, and relational and non-relational databases
Understanding of Agile methodologies"	214	Washington
Business Analyst III	Mackson Consulting LLC - An A-TEK Company	Rockville, MD 20852	None	"Mackson, an A-TEK Company, is seeking to staff a team of software professionals to build and deploy new systems with web capabilities for our key government customers. We have an immediate opportunity for a Business Analyst III in our Rockville, MD office. The Business Analyst III will also spend time on the customer site in Rockville, MD in support of federal clients.
This position involves working as an integral part of a team of analysts and developers on multiple projects to build out applications that have web and mobile components. The ideal candidate will have experience in web-based applications with a track record of establishing good customer relationships. These applications may involve single and/or multiple platform solutions. These apps will include features such as being workflow driven, media capture, complex business rules, printing, barcode creation and scanning, and many more interesting challenges.
Position Responsibilities:
Identify client business and system requirements and translate or decompose those needs into actionable software requirements, test criteria, and scenarios
Analyze business and user needs, document requirements, and translate them into proper system requirement specifications
Establish positive relationships with all stakeholders
Assist with developing the business case and vision
Document the as-is state and to-be state of systems
Elicit, analyze and validate business requirements
Clearly describe requirements following Agile User Story conventions
Develop, manage and maintain all work products and deliverables from creation to finalization
Create and maintain a hierarchical feature driven view of requirements
Create technical specifications and test plans
Examine and evaluate current systems to determine and assess capabilities and business rules
Collaborate with cross-functional teams
Facilitate system design sessions with business users and client managers
Liaise with users to track additional requirements and features
Train users on new systems, applications and provide support
Required Qualifications:
Requires a BA or BS degree from an accredited institution in a management or technical discipline – Computer Science, Information Technology (related degrees will be considered) and 7-12 years of performing business analysis, including aspects of business process and requirements elicitation and documentation including customer relationship management
Experience working with clients face-to-face
Knowledge of IT systems or IT organizations
Ability to learn the functionality of software applications and the elements of business or user processes and write detailed non-coding requirements
Ability to become a product expert and communicate coherently to our clients
Ability to learn and document complex business rules and processes
User stories and other SDLC documentation
Agile/SCRUM experience
Ability to work in a highly team-oriented, collaborative environment
Strong attention to detail and accuracy
Ability to be a self-starter and manage competing priorities, multi-task, and continue to meet all deadlines and commitments while remaining flexible with continually changing priorities
Excellent written and oral communication including technical writing; must be able to communicate fluently in English both verbally and in writing
Solid computer skills with Microsoft applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project and Visio)
Preferred Skills and Experience:
Federal contracting experience supporting HHS or FDA;
AI experience with medical lexicon expertise
Experience with UI/UX concepts
Experience with structured product labels (SPLs) or the drug labeling review process
JIRA and other Agile Backlog tools like Visual Studio Online
Experience with the SDLC / EPLC
Experience with data analytics and process analysis paradigms for addressing client needs
Keen sense of the User Experience and User Journey
Technical competency in JIRA, HP ALM, Office 365 and Balsamiq
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field"	214	Washington
Application Developer	CTEC	Washington, DC	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 20 years.

CTEC currently looking for a Senior Application Developer to join our team.

Duties and Responsibilities

Our focus is to develop and deliver innovative customer-centric technologies and solutions that facilitate to roles and responsibilities of our clients. We are seeking a Senior Applications Developer who will provide support services that enable the successful design, validation, and deployment of legacy OPM transactional and master data interfaces to the Treasury ARC Oracle E-Business Suite (EBS) R12 solution. Additionally, responsibilities Include interface reverse engineering activities (due to lack of system documentation), interface testing and validation activities, and participating in activities related to the cutover of legacy application interfaces.

Writing software test scripts, performing and automating data acquisition, and establishing appropriate test configurations.
Working with various browser technologies (HTML, JavaScript, JSP, Ajax, web servers), or Microsoft .NET (C++, C#)
Developing web applications using Microsoft. Net, Java, and JavaScript.
Knowledge of JQuery, JQueryUI, Bootstrap, various responsive web design disciplines also Knowledge of Microsoft MVC model is helpful.
Gathering application requirements from users, write lifecycle documents, design and develop application features as specified in the requirements documents
Providing operation & maintenance support for the current versions of applications
Responding quickly to requests for operation & maintenance changes; performs routine data maintenance.
Experience with any video conferencing and collaboration infrastructure is a plus


Work Experience:

8+ years of experience as a JAVA/VB.NET/C#.NET code programmer with a demonstrated record of achievement in JAVA/J2EE, VB.NET, C#.NET, SQL database and Oracle database application development within the past year.
Background and technical expertise in Struts, Hibernate Framework, Spring Framework. Java Beans and Asp.net framework.
The candidate must be able to effectively communicate, both verbally and in writing.
Must be able to work independently and with minimum supervision.
Experience with Accounting applications is a plus.
Education:

Applicant must have a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field
Clearance Requirements:

Preferred OPM clearance"	214	Washington
Windows Application Developer III (C/C++, Python)	Ring0 Technologies	Herndon, VA	None	"Herndon, VA
Location: Herndon, VA
Clearance: Top Secret

Ring0 Technologies (“Ring Zero”) is hiring an advanced Software Developer passionate about cyber programming. This developer will be integrated into a cutting-edge cyber security team and will be thrust into performing in the most challenging computer environments.

Security Requirement: US Citizen with a Minimum of a Top Secret security clearance

Work duties:

Developing, debugging, and maintaining complex software

Designing software to meet customer requirements

Working in a standalone and/or team environment

Integrating code into large scale projects

Writing unit and system tests

Writing software documentation

Communicating with stakeholders

Required work experience:

10+ years of professional software development experience

5+ years of experience writing in: Python, C, C++

Demonstrated ability to work in a dynamic and challenging environment

Undergraduate degree in a related technical field

Demonstrated experience performing Software Configuration Management

Demonstrated ability to work in a dynamic and challenging environment

Demonstrated experience in writing software in: Bash Scripts, Java, C#, Assembly

Demonstrated in-depth understanding of low-level development for Unix and Windows OSs

Demonstrated experience applying continuous integration and automated testing tools to software development practices

Experience related to system analysis and firewalls

Demonstrated in-depth understanding of Windows low level systems development and API

Demonstrated in-depth experience developing software with Visual Studio

Desired work experience:

VMWare workstation and/or VMWare ESXi

Scripting"	214	Washington
Applications Developer Level I, II, III (3+ to 7+ years of experience)	Excel Technologies	Tysons Corner, VA	None	"MINIMUM REQUIRED Clearance type: (Current) TS/SCI or DoD

Relocation Eligible: Negotiable

Job ID 29846Q.1

City Arlington

State VA

Country United States

Finally, open after COVID the most excellent new opportunities within DHS! Excel Technologies is looking for incumbent and non-incumbent TS/SCI cleared Application Developer Level I, II, and III candidates to provide cybersecurity hunt and incident response team operations and support on an existing contract.

For immediate consideration, please apply here so we can communicate updates and interview times.


Applications Developer Levels I, II, and III


Core Competencies:
Knowledge of secure software development lifecycle and code versioning and maintenanceKnowledge of software programming languages (e.g., Python, C/C++, XML, JSON)Knowledge in assessing and integrating commercial off the shelf (COTS) products.Knowledge across the entire field of software technologies and engineering, including information, documentation, databases, model and architecture repositories, analysis, training, testing, data synthesis, hardware, software, standards, economic consideration of selecting techniques and processes, and interoperability
Knowledge and familiarity to work with the installation, demonstration, test, validation, and evaluation of new and existing software, tools, methods, and software measurement technologies


Level I
(Minimum 3 years applications development experience with a High school diploma; or a Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Computer Engineering, or related discipline, and with a minimum 1 year of applications development experience)
Proficiency at a level I includes all core competencies mentioned above in addition to:


Provides technical assistance for analyzing user needs, translating them into requirements, and developing associated software solutions
Coordinates and collaborates with a team of Integrators, Testers, and Network Engineers to meet criteria for each requirement
Writes technical documentation to include, but not limited to, technical management plans, schedules, requirements documents, test documents, deployment documents, and technical briefings
Develops code, tests, and debugs new software or enhancements to existing software
Provides technical support in the evaluation of software development
Makes recommendations for improving documentation and development process standards
Assists with developing and executing test procedures for prototype components
Writes and review software and system documentation and software user manuals
Develops research solutions by analyzing system performance standards, conferring with users or areas system engineers; analyzing system flow, data usage, and work processes; and investigating a problem
Modifies existing software to correct errors, to adapt to new hardware, or to improve its performance
Designs, develops, and modifies software systems using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcomes and consequences of design
Designs or implements complex database or data repository interfaces/queries
Supports tactical engineering activities to include participating in design meetings and technical


Level II
(4-6 years applications development experience with a High school diploma; or a Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Computer Engineering, or related discipline, and with 2-4 years of applications development experience) Proficiency at level II includes all skills defined at a level I in addition to the following:

review meetings, developing technical plans to guide capability development, preparing test plans and procedures, executing tests and writing test reports, reporting the status of capability development activities, and reporting goals and results
Conducts software validation and verification, and software engineering anomaly resolution
Evaluates the quality of proposed and existing software systems and solutions that support various
cyber software activities and are planned to be integrated into various networks and architectures
Designs, develops, enhances, debugs, integrates, and implements software
Troubleshoots production problems related to software applications
Researches, tests, builds, and coordinates the conversion and/or integration of new products based on user requirements
Designs or implements complex algorithms requiring adherence to strict timing, system resource, or interface constraints; performs quality control on team products
Confers with system engineers and hardware engineers to derive requirements and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements, and interfaces


Level III
(7+ years applications development experience with a High school diploma; or a Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Computer Engineering, or related discipline, and with 5+ years of applications development experience) Proficiency at level III includes all skills defined at level II in addition to the following:

Designs, troubleshoots, and implements software code for end-to-end software development
Researches, tests, builds, and coordinates the integration of new requirements to meet organizational needs
Initiates action for evaluation and recommendation of application software packages, application integration, and testing tools
Resolves problems with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements
Coordinates system installation and monitors equipment functioning to ensure operational specifications are met
Implements recommendations for improving documentation and development process standards
Selects the prototype development process in coordination with customer and system engineering
Recommends new technologies and research processes for complex software development projects
Ensures quality control of all developed and modified prototype software
Assist with overseeing one or more software application development teams and ensures the work is completed in accordance with constraints of the software development process being used on any particular project and deliver solutions


Minimum Current TS/SCI required, DHS suitability highly desired.
Excel Technologies is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status."	214	Washington
Cybersecurity C&A	Horizon Industries Ltd	Vienna, VA 22182	None	"Cybersecurity Certification and Accreditation Analyst
Horizon Industries Limited (HIL) is a dynamic IT and Management Consulting firm based in the Washington, DC area. We are currently seeking a Cybersecurity Certification and Accreditation Analyst for a full-time position, remotely supporting the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA).
Job Description:
The JETS Program provides the full range of IT services, technical and management expertise that support applications, software, hardware, infrastructure, and systems, across the DLA IT Enterprise. Support is provided for information technology solutions, technical support, maintenance, and sustainment; operations support; application development, maintenance and technical support; and lifecycle management. Additionally, the program also supports administrative program management support for IT program offices and DLA Information Operations (J6) Office. The program provides support technology services across the DLA Information Operations Enterprise, the DLA Program Executive Offices (PEO), and all other technology services currently supported through DLA Contracting Services Office (DCSO) acquisitions.
This contract provides Program Management Support Services, to include but not limited to, supporting EP efforts using agile practices, speed of delivery, secure coding, and when applicable, perform needed proof-of-concepts by employing small development teams (with contractor and government personnel in participation). Support, sustain, implement, and troubleshoot issues pertaining to both Enterprise Platform and SCAP. Provide Technical Support Services, to include but not limited to, providing training oversight of new applications/business practices, technical documentation, and assistance to the government in the implementation and operations of EP to ensure effective system administration and management and in meeting Application & Cybersecurity requirements. Work with DLA Information Security and or Security, Risk Management Framework (RMF), system and or functional managers, system developers, and professionals at the enterprise and enclave levels to ensure implementation of appropriate IA controls throughout the overall life cycle of the platforms across the enterprise.
This contract covers the assessment, implementation, integration, configuration, device policy and signature development, event analysis, training, documentation, and assistance to the Government in the implementation and operation of ServiceNow to meet Information Assurance (IA) controls and tools to support DLA’s EP. Utilize Agile Development Methodologies to support all stages of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) for this effort. These methods shall adhere to, or help update, the established DLA Enterprise Change Management (ECM) processes throughout the Agile SDLC.
Duties of a Cybersecurity Certification and Accreditation Analyst may include:
Serve as a cybersecurity Subject Matter Expert (SME) with regards to authorization of information systems and all associated cybersecurity policies and procedures
Fully versed in the general tenets supporting the overall DOD implementation of its authorization process to support cybersecurity policy, procedures and processes
Perform a DOD cybersecurity process while either authorizing an information system or serving as a SME for an information system undergoing authorization
Possess an understanding of how the security controls identified in the NIST 800-53 apply to the process of assessing and authorizing a large organization’s IT infrastructure such as DLA’s, in which there is a compilation of large and small enclaves, AIS applications and outsourced IT processes
Determine the applicable severity value for an identified vulnerability (e.g., non-compliant security control), and determine the possible ramifications on the system’s current or future authorization
Brief senior management on the progress or results of an information system undergoing the authorization process
On occasion, short duration (1-5 days) site visits may be required as authorized by the Government.
Required Skills / Experience:
Five (5) years of relevant C&A experience; Risk Management Framework (RMF) and NIST C&A experience; DOD cybersecurity experience
Experience in assessing security controls and conducting authorization reviews for large, complex organizations.
DOD Top Secret Clearance and be eligible for an IT-1
Must possess active IT-II security clearance or have a current National Agency Check with Local Agency Check and Credit Check (NACLC)
Possess a relevant certification meeting DOD 8570.01 IAM level III for non-CERT personnel. One of the following:
CISM
CISSP (or Associate)
GSLC
Possess a relevant certification meeting DOD 8570.01 IAT level II for CERT personnel. One of the following:
CCNA-Security
GICSP
GSEC
Security+ CE
SSCP
Additionally, any team member assigned duties as DLA CERT Analyst will maintain CNDSP-Analyst certification
Computing Environment: Applicable ServiceNow Implementation Certifications based on technical approach.
Education: None
Location: Remote
Company Overview:
Horizon Industries Limited was founded in 1996 and based in Vienna, Virginia; Horizon is a dynamic, SBA-certified Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) with professional and talented strategists, technologists, and consultants with a wide range of expertise, experiences and personal accomplishments. Horizon provides expertise in the areas of IT, analysis and evaluation, data analytics, business process management, acquisition and financial management, cost and risk assessments, Independent Verification & Validation, program management, systems engineering and design, databases design and management, logistical warehouse services and administrative support services. Horizon also offers capabilities related to financial, operational and technology consulting and risk management services, strategic planning, leadership effectiveness, anti-fraud waste and abuse programs, financial and operational assessments, regulatory compliance, workflow automation, and audit readiness services.
Horizon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and it is our policy to consider all applicants for employment without regard to sex, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability, veteran status, alienage, ancestry, citizenship status, or any other factors prohibited by law. Horizon will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Horizon’s legal duty to furnish information.
EOE M/F/D/V"	214	Washington
Quality Assurance Analyst III	Customer Value Partners, Inc	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

CVP is seeking a Senior Quality Assurance Analyst in support of our federal healthcare client who is an essential service provider to the “research enterprise” of the world’s foremost and largest cancer research entity. This is a mature organization that effectively and efficiently serves scientific computing and informatics support needs of NIH. Our team will consist of SME’s with deep expertise in health and biomedical IT and informatics services, as well as clinical and biomedical research experience.

Responsibilities:

Provides technical expertise and administrative guidance for personnel performing software quality assurance and compliance tasks, including reviewing work products for correctness, adherence to the QA methodology and processes and to user standards, program documentation to ensure adherence to Government standards/requirements, and for progress in accordance with schedules.
Manage the coordination with other the Project Manager and/or Quality Assurance Manager to ensure problem resolution and user satisfaction.
Lead efforts for the evaluation and testing of software and associated documentation.
Conduct software and applications testing, validates data, and documents and reports test results.
Lead and review recommended changes, corrections, retesting, and, when appropriate, promotion of developed products to operational status.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering or related field.
6+ years of specialized experience, to include all aspects of quality assurance and compliance of software applications, information models and data processing.
Expert Knowledge of automated testing tools and defect tracking application.
Must possess extensive knowledge and understanding of the software development life cycle and demonstrated ability to work well with business analysts, developers and end-users in a cross functional team.
Must meet all requirements for obtaining and maintaining a Public Trust Clearance.
Desired Skills
Possess knowledge, expertise, and experience in supporting biomedical and/or research information technology and informatics.
Knowledge and experience with NIH processes, procedures, technologies, and applications are a strength.
Possess leadership/managerial experience at the National Institute of Health.
About CVP
Customer Value Partners (CVP) is an award-winning business and next-gen technology consulting company that helps organizations navigate disruption and prepare for a culture of Continuous Change. We solve critical problems for healthcare, national security, and public sector clients through innovative strategies and solutions which leverage technologies and industry expertise in areas including Technology Modernization, Health, Data Science & Engineering, Business Transformation, and Cybersecurity. CVP delivers unparalleled excellence to clients and employees through our strong culture of integrity, engagement, respect, and a passion for our clients’ missions.
Customer Value Partners, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor and an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability. Customer Value Partners seeks to provide employment opportunities for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities."	214	Washington
Junior Software Developer	Belay Technologies, Inc	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Belay Technologies has been voted Best Places to Work in 2020!
Belay Technologies is seeking a Junior Software Developer to join their top-tier team working within a fun group. All candidates must hold an active DoD security clearance with polygraph.
DUTIES TO INCLUDE:
Work with a team of developers supporting and enhancing a suite of complex web applications and services that provide content management and collaboration in support of critical missions.
Develop new features as needed and improve software efficiency and reliability.
Assist Tier I and II staff with troubleshooting issues and provide after-hours, on-call support on a rotating schedule with other team members.

REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph
At least two (2) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution.
At least two (2) years experience developing software in an enterprise environment.
At least two (2) years developing software for Windows, UNIX or Linux OS. At least one (1) year of this experience must have been obtained within the last two (2) years.
Experienced with Javascript, JQuery, Typescript, ReactJS, AngularJS or equivalents for UI developers and SpringBoot, Tomcat, JUnit, Docker or equivalents for Java developers.
At least one (1) year in software integration and software testing, to include developing and implementing test plans and test scripts.
Demonstrated technical writing skills and shall have generated at least two (2) documents in support of a software development project.
Availability to provide after-hours, on-call Tier III support as needed, in coordination with organizations providing Tier I and Tier II support. (Support is on a rotational schedule)

EXPERIENCE DESIRED :
Experience consuming and writing RESTful backend microservices in Java and NodeJs.
Experience with SpringBoot 2 and embedded tomcat deployments
Familiar with Typescript and Javascript frameworks such as jQuery, Angular, or ReactJs to build dynamic and responsive web clients that leverage backend web services over RESTful interfaces
Experience using and managing/optimizing NoSQL queries and databases such as MongoDB to persist data for web applications at a large scale (100+ queries per second)
Familiar with Apache NiFi to create and manage data extract, transform, load (ETL) operations for critical data flows
Utilized Docker, Kubernetes, or similar containerized environments to provide re-useable components that are agnostic of underlying cloud infrastructures
Experience with Elastic Stack technologies (ElasticSearch, Logstash, Kibana) to provide metrics and monitoring of distributed microservices
Experience with Agile methodologies (SCRUM)
Familiar with implementing and testing web services with various automated test frameworks (JUnit, Mockito, Selenium, Jest, Enzyme, Jasmine, Mocha, Protractor, etc)
Proven technical debugging/troubleshooting ability on multi-threaded and distributed systems.
Experience integrating new architectures/systems/services with complicated legacy code bases


Lead the Way

Belay wants you to lead the way - push boundaries, offer ideas, create solutions, and be a part of something great with Team Belay! Our team is full of technology pioneers who take the smartest approach, never accept the status quo, and are excited about making a difference!!

Our team leads:
Ideas; white papers, new technologies, improving existing infrastructure and introducing solutions...Belay was built on ideas
Growth; Be the Captain of your Fate! Share your aspirations and Belay will pave the way with conferences, education, mentorship and hands-on exposure to new and exciting things
Development; step up, be instrumental in our growth and business efforts and you will be met with an open door to new experiences as leaders in a growing company
Benefits; your feedback determines our offerings, which improve constantly based on your needs
Giving: You tell us what is important to you and Belay will support your personal cause and charitable efforts, we’ve paid donations and volunteered to causes special to our team
Fun; You give us ideas and we deliver in a big way, with go-kart racing, rock climbing, swanky casino nights, skeet shooting, happy hours and more!
Make a difference and have fun with Team Belay!!

Perks and Benefits:
8 weeks paid leave - 4 weeks of personal leave, 3 Yay! days, take off on your birthday,10 paid holidays and optional leave up to 6 days through Belay's volunteer program6% matching in 401(k) contributions vested on day one$5,000 annual training/tuitionStudent Loan Repayment Program100% company funded HSARich medical coverage (100% coinsurance)Dental coverage including orthodontiaUp to $420,000 in life insurance, premiums 100% company fundedAmazon Prime, gym reimbursement, monthly lunches, games and prizesPet adoption program, generous referral bonus program, fun events, and more!

Think you know someone who might be right for the job? Refer them to LeadTheWay@belaytech.com and you may be eligible for a referral reward up to $10,000!

What We Do
Belay Technologies provides leading technology and engineering solutions to the DoD, as well as state-of-the-art commercial products. We are a certified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business in the Baltimore/Washington area, and we are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We hire software engineers, web designers, test engineers, systems engineers, systems administrators, database engineers and other tech services.

Key words: Full Clearance, Fort Meade, SDVOSB, Service-disabled veteran owned small business, DoD, poly, AMBULATE, Jr SWE FSP Full Scope"	214	Washington
Forensic Software Developer: All Experience Levels (TS Clearance Required)	Cipher Tech Solutions	Washington, DC 20016 (AU-Tenleytown area)	None	"Location:
Bethesda, MD
Description:
Provide support in the form of application development, scripting, debugging, and value-added software development expertise to a digital forensic lab and malware reverse engineering section. Maintain existing software and develop new software to customer specifications.
Developers work with a variety of technologies including .NET (typically C#), Python, & SQL.
Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a TOP SECRET security clearance (no exceptions)
Remote work is not an option
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Electrical Computer Engineering
Minimum graduating GPA 3.25
Must possess strong software development skills
Key qualities: Self-motivated, Detail-oriented, Strong work ethic
Familiarity with high and low level programming languages
Capable of debugging software applications
Able to gather testable software requirements
Able to participate in the design of new software applications
Familiarity with maintainable software processes including: software documentation, source code versioning, unit testing
Able to quickly adapt to new situations and problems
Able to operate in a mission-critical and time-sensitive environments
Desirable:
Familiarity with digital forensics
Familiarity with hex editors and working at the byte-level
Required Certifications:
Must be 8570 IAT compliant at Levels II or III. Any of the following certifications for these levels will be accepted: CCNA Security, CySA+, GICSP, GSEC, Security+ CE, SSCP, CASP CE, CCNP Security, CISA, GCED, GCIH.
Benefits:
Mission focused work environment
Subsidized medical/dental/vision insurance
HSA contributions
401k matching
Holiday and Paid Time Off (PTO)
Monthly WAN parties & quarterly events
Flexible hours
Remote work is not an option. We do offer relocation assistance for those relocating 75 miles or more.
About Us:
At Cipher Tech Solutions, Inc. (Cipher Tech), we take great pride in supporting some of the most mission critical work in the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community. The majority of our company is comprised of extremely talented software developers who write production tools which directly support one of two missions: digital forensics and malware reverse engineering.
Digital forensics is the practice of extracting and processing evidence from computers, phones, tablets, cameras, flash-drives, and just about any other form of digital media. The results of our work are then used to support federal and military law enforcement, counter intelligence, and counter terrorist activities.
Malware reverse engineering is the practice of analyzing extremely advanced malicious code. The goal of a reverse engineer is to understand how the malicious code works and determine facts such as:
How did it infect the victim's computer
What kind of information it is seeking to steal
How is it communicating with the author (actor)
Who that actor might be
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin."	214	Washington
Systems Engineer III (FAA Systems Modernization) - Enterprise Systems & Data Analysis Research	CNA	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Waterfront area)	None	"CNA fosters an inclusive culture that values diverse backgrounds and perspectives. Our flexible and engaging work environment encourages iterative and creative collaboration at every stage of the problem solving process. Our employees are committed to helping clients develop effective solutions to better manage their programs through scientific, data-driven approaches.
We are looking for creative and innovative individuals to help carry out our mission.
PRIMARY PURPOSE
Conducts systems, data, and operations analysis, requirements and systems development analysis and design. Conducts independent scientific and technical investigations. Applies formal, established engineering and management principles to specifications and documentation of systems developed.
JOB DESCRIPTION AND/OR DUTIES
1. Conducts the definition and development of system requirements and documentation of the requirements in detailed specifications from which programs will be developed and/or procured, and from which hardware will be developed and/or procured. Manages the requirements change management process.
2. Formulates, defines, validates, and documents system scope and objectives, user requirements or stories, system use cases, business process workflows, enterprise architectures, system specifications and design based on user needs and specifications, research, and fact-finding.
3. Conducts stakeholder engagement sessions to elicit user needs, business architectures, processes, and gaps. Works with stakeholders to understand, characterize, model, analyze, and validate current and future business processes, data requirements, information flows, organizational relationships, and/or operational resources.
4. Applies standard research methodologies to gather, process, document, and analyze data. Uses relevant database software to effectively organize and present data and generate reports.
5. Conducts projects or pieces of larger projects. Maintains an understanding of project budgeting and financial tracking over the project lifecycle.
6. Devises or modifies specifications and procedures including: system design, requirements, verification, systems performance and capacity.
7. Designs conceptual and logical data models to be used in systems using UML and entity Relationship diagrams. Develops data dictionaries, schemas, data flows, and ontologies. Develops and executes data migration strategies.
8. Develops information management strategies and governance aligned with organizational mission needs.
9. Analyzes and revises existing system interfaces, dependencies and documentation as necessary. Recommends changes and solutions for software and system problems and deficiencies.
10. Conducts independent technical investigations in systems design or other systems engineering topics.
11. Works with software developers to provide guidance on development issues. Ensures user needs are accurately represented to system designers and developers.
12. Leads development of independent validation and verification plans and scenarios, following industry standards and traceability to user/system requirements.
13. Develops key relationships with the division or team's major client/sponsors.
14. Drafts reports, briefings, or other project deliverables.
JOB REQUIREMENTS
1. Education: Bachelor's degree in computer science, mathematics, operations research, or a related engineering field or equivalent combination of education and work experience.
2. Experience: Minimum of 5 years relevant work experience performing duties similar to those above in a Government contract environment or 7 years of generally related experience. Experience supporting Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) preferred.
3. Skills: Ability to participate in a wide variety of systems engineering disciplines including, but not limited to, safety risk management, reliability/maintainability/availability engineering, information systems security, risk management practices, earned value management, investment analysis, independent validation and verification, business analysis, and project definition, management, and control. Ability to construct effective briefings using MS PowerPoint and advanced skills with MS Word and Excel and other standard software packages. Ability to communicate information concisely, precisely, and in a grammatically correct manner in both oral and written communication. Ability to present and summarize data effectively. Exhibit a positive attitude in interactions with colleagues, clients/sponsors, and staff. Strong customer and client relations management skills supportive of success in attaining research and engineering objectives in an environment that include a wide variety of stakeholders with differing viewpoints and approaches to solving problems. Knowledge of and experience with system and software design processes, tools and techniques. Knowledge of and experience with system development and testing documentation and standards. Knowledge of and experience with data and information management analysis techniques and best practices. Knowledge of and experience with different system development life cycles, to include waterfall and agile methodologies. Ability to work with and provide directions to others. Excellent writing and verbal communication skills. Ability to lead technical project teams.

4. Other: Ability to obtain and maintain security clearance is required.

#CJ
CNA is committed to providing equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service and protected veterans, or other non-merit based factors. In addition to federal legal requirements, CNA complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. These protections extend to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting and hiring practices, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training and career development programs. For more information about EEO protections, please view the EEO is the law posters below: ""EEO is the Law"" Poster; ""EEO is the Law"" Poster Supplement. The pay transparency policy is available here: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Poster
To be considered for hire, all individuals applying for positions with CNA are subject to a background investigation. For positions requiring access to classified information, U.S. citizenship is required. Individuals will also be subject to an additional government background investigation, and continued employment eligibility is contingent upon the ability to obtain and maintain an active security clearance."	214	Washington
Application Developer	Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC)	Washington, DC	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 20 years.

CTEC currently looking for a Senior Application Developer to join our team.

Duties and Responsibilities

Our focus is to develop and deliver innovative customer-centric technologies and solutions that facilitate to roles and responsibilities of our clients. We are seeking a Senior Applications Developer who will provide support services that enable the successful design, validation, and deployment of legacy OPM transactional and master data interfaces to the Treasury ARC Oracle E-Business Suite (EBS) R12 solution. Additionally, responsibilities Include interface reverse engineering activities (due to lack of system documentation), interface testing and validation activities, and participating in activities related to the cutover of legacy application interfaces.

Writing software test scripts, performing and automating data acquisition, and establishing appropriate test configurations.
Working with various browser technologies (HTML, JavaScript, JSP, Ajax, web servers), or Microsoft .NET (C++, C#)
Developing web applications using Microsoft. Net, Java, and JavaScript.
Knowledge of JQuery, JQueryUI, Bootstrap, various responsive web design disciplines also Knowledge of Microsoft MVC model is helpful.
Gathering application requirements from users, write lifecycle documents, design and develop application features as specified in the requirements documents
Providing operation & maintenance support for the current versions of applications
Responding quickly to requests for operation & maintenance changes; performs routine data maintenance.
Experience with any video conferencing and collaboration infrastructure is a plus


Work Experience:

8+ years of experience as a JAVA/VB.NET/C#.NET code programmer with a demonstrated record of achievement in JAVA/J2EE, VB.NET, C#.NET, SQL database and Oracle database application development within the past year.
Background and technical expertise in Struts, Hibernate Framework, Spring Framework. Java Beans and Asp.net framework.
The candidate must be able to effectively communicate, both verbally and in writing.
Must be able to work independently and with minimum supervision.
Experience with Accounting applications is a plus.
Education:

Applicant must have a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field
Clearance Requirements:

Preferred OPM clearance"	214	Washington
Senior Drupal Developer	RIVA Solutions, Inc.	Rockville, MD	None	"Description:

Title: Senior Drupal Developer
Location: Metro Washington, DC Area
Terms: Full-Time
Duration: 3+ Years
Clearance: Must have or be Public Trust eligible
Travel: Local
Position Overview:
RIVA Solutions is currently pursuing a multi-year program within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) with the Agency of Health Research and Quality (AHRQ). This is a web-modernization program where we are looking for talented Software Engineers to bring their expertise to this program.
Responsibilities:
Web Designer/Developer III Responsibilities:
Perform website design and creation.
Plan, design, develop, test, edit, maintain, and document look and flow of websites.
Interview clients to help them clarify their goals for establishing a website.
Design or supervise design of digitized images, banners, bullets, charts, image maps and other graphics to enhance the appearance of the site.
Be knowledgeable of programming techniques and computer internet systems.
Perform a variety of tasks.
Work under general supervision
Typically report to a project leader or manager.
A certain degree of creativity and latitude is required.
Be familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field.
May lead or direct others.
. Requirements:

Basic Qualifications:
Familiarity with USDA web presence
Experience working with any number of Python frameworks
Familiarity with the SDLC, Agile, Scrum, and associated tools such as JIRA and Confluence
BS/BA degree (or equivalent)
4 to 8 years’ experience in a related field
About RIVA:
RIVA Solutions, Inc. is a rapidly growing provider of Information Technology and Program Support Services to the United States Federal Government. Headquartered in McLean VA, RIVA has over 450 employees in 24+ states across the US. As we continue to expand our services within Management Consulting, STEM, Cyber, AI, and Robotic Process Automation, we are looking for highly qualified people to join and thrive with us. VivaLaRIVA!
RIVA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, or other non-merit based factors."	214	Washington
Software Developer III (TS/SCI FS Poly)	The Kenjya-Trusant Group, LLC	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"POSITION: Software Developer Level III
LOCATION: Annapolis Junction, MD 20701

REQUIRED CLEARANCE: TS/SCI with FULL SCOPE POLYGRAPH (must have before applying)
 The Kenjya-Trusant Group has an opening for a Software Developer to work on an Agile SCRUM team in the customer's facility. The developer will provide provide GUI support to an existing Mission Management team.

DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Creating visualizations for operators, analysts and mission cognizance
Correcting faults
Improving performance
Developing enhancements


MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
A firm understanding of modern computer programming with a minimum of ten (10) years of experience in programming and providing direction for the design and development of application software for complex systems; software testing as well as solving varied software related problems, and generating and reviewing software design for accuracy, completeness, and appropriateness in light of objectives, budget, and schedule.
Ten (10) years of experience with programming using modern software environments
Experience working in an Agile/DevOps environment
Experience with programming languages such as C and C++, Java/J2EE
Experience with scripting languages such as Perl, Vscript, VBscript, Python and SQL

EDUCATION REQUIRED:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science; however, it may not be substituted for the required ten (10) years of experience.

ADDITIONAL REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:
Ability to understand maintain existing software written in ExtJS 4.x
Experience writing/maintaining complex Single Page Apps in a variety of web frameworks including ExtJS and Ember
Knowledge utilizing REST API’s via AJAX calls and manipulating the returned JSON
Javascript


ADDITIONAL DESIRED EXPERIENCE:
Docker
Helm Charts
Rancher/Containerization
Git
Jira


THE KENJYA-TRUSANT GROUP, LLC is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business that was established in 2015 as a merger between The Kenjya Group, Inc. and Trusant Technologies, LLC. Our mission is to implement, support and protect the nation’s advanced technology systems, business processes and high-technology facilities. Working with the Department of Defense, Department of Homeland Security, the Intelligence Community, state and local governments, and commercial clients, Kenjya-Trusant provides cyber protection, information technology, engineering, construction management and acquisition support services. We are a small company with big company benefits, including Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, Bonus Potential, Flexible Spending Account, Life Insurance, Short- and Long-Term Disability, Paid Time Off, and a culture of teamwork and continuous learning. Come grow with us!

EOE – Equal Opportunity Employer. People of color, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. (Compliant with the new VEVRAA and Section 503 rules). The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA) makes it unlawful for employers to discriminate in employment against a qualified individual with a disability. The ADA also outlaws discrimination against individuals with disabilities in State and local government services, public accommodations, transportation and telecommunications. If you require accommodations, please contact our Human Resources Department at (410) 740-4045."	214	Washington
Space Systems Engineer II/III (Multiple Openings)	Parsons	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Minimum Clearance Required to Start: Top Secret SCI

Job Description:
Ready for a challenge that will keep you on the cutting edge of Systems Engineering & Integration? Parsons Space & Geospatial Solutions works on top level national defense programs and is hiring experienced Systems Engineers with a focus on innovation and solving mission critical challenges.

Parsons’ extensive experience in the cleared space, combined with your advanced technical knowledge, will propel your career forward. We need our Engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new challenges as we continue to push security forward. In this role you will analyze existing systems and define, design, develop, and implement moderately complex technical products and systems. You will be a member of a Team comprised of System Engineers and application and hardware Engineers/ Developers for the design of unique subsystems that will be ultimately integrated into the overall operating system.

Clearance Requirement : Must currently possess an Active TS/SCI Security Clearance.

Responsibilities:
You will participate in gathering business and product functional and performance requirements, defining and designing system specifications, input/output processes, and working parameters for hardware/software compatibility. You will perform a variety of engineering tasks related to the development, operation, and maintenance of complex technology systems. This person will employ a multi-discipline approach to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the organization.

Job Description:
Conducts planning, analysis/ traceability of user requirements, architectures traceability, procedures, and problems to automate or improve existing systems and review cloud service capabilities, workflow, and scheduling limitations.

Develops solutions designs based on analysis of requirements and new technology.

Assists the Government in the capture and translation of mission and customer requirements/needs into systems/capability requirements and solutions.

Supports the analyses and allocation of requirements to systems architecture components and executing programs.

Performs systems integration activities.

Assists with Analysis of Alternatives (AoAs), Course of Actions (CoAs), and Trade Studies.

Assists the Government in strategic technical planning, project management, performance engineering, risk management and interface design.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree Systems Engineering or in a related technical or scientific fields or related STEM degree program.

6+ years experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process, or systems engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture environments residing in cloud, on premise, or hybrid infrastructures.

Clearance Requirement: Active TS/SCI Security Clearance. U.S. Citizenship is required.

Local or ability to relocate within 2-3 weeks to either Springfield, VA, or St. Louis, MO. This is an onsite position.

Desired Qualifications:
Working knowledge of Model-Based Systems Engineering, processes, tools and languages ( SysML, UML, UPDM, or UAF) .

Active TS/SCI security clearance.

Knowledge of Software Development Frameworks.

INCOSE Associate Systems Engineering Professional (ASEP) certification and/or SAFe Methodology Certification.

Professional Affiliation/ Membership: ACSM, ASCE, ASPRS, OGC, SAREM, USGIF.

Related work experience in the field of geospatial intelligence .

Knowledge of photogrammetry, remote sensing, satellite/ space systems, image science, topography, digital terrain modeling, sensor integration/ fusion, airborne sensors, information sciences, geographic information systems (GIS), FMV, ISR TCPED, geomatics, or related fields. (MASINT, GEOINT, IMINT).

Previous IC or DoD program/project work experience. #CJ

Key Word(s):
Warfighter Support

Sensor Integration/ Fusion

Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR)

Tactical Data Services

IC Commercial Cloud Services (C2S)

NSG Architecture & Data Standards

Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE)

Three Dimensional (3D) Modeling & Immersive Visualization

Department of Defense Architecture Framework (DoDAF)


This is not a fully remote position.
Requisition is reflective of the type of person we are seeking to hire or represents multiple requisitions

We harness the power of innovation so that you can change the world and help our customers solve their most complex challenges

Must be able to obtain, maintain and/or currently possess a security clearance."	214	Washington
System Engineer III	BTS Software Solutions	Fort Meade, MD 20755	None	"System Engineer III
The system engineer analyzes user’s requirements, concept of operations documents, and high level system architectures to develop system requirements specifications. Analyzes system requirements and leads design and development activities. Guides users in formulating requirements, advises alternative approaches, and conducts feasibility studies. Provides technical leadership for the integration of requirements, design, and technology. Incorporates new plans, designs and systems into ongoing operations. Develops technical documentation. Develops system Architecture and system design documentation. Guides system development and implementation planning through assessment or preparation of system engineering management plans and system integration and test plans. Interacts with the Government regarding System Engineering technical considerations and for associated problems, issues or conflicts. Ultimate responsibility for the technical integrity of work performed and deliverables associated with the System engineering area of responsibility. Communicates with other program personnel, government overseers, and senior executives.
The Level III System Engineer (SE) shall possess the following capabilities: Manage system requirements and derived requirements to ensure the delivery of production systems that are compatible with the defined system architecture(s). Department of Defense Architecture Framework (DoDAF), Service-oriented Architecture (SOA), etc. Contribute to the development of system engineering documentation such as System Engineering Plans, Initial Capability Documents, requirement specifications, and Interface Control Documents. Assist with the development of system requirements, functional requirements, and allocation of the same to individual hardware, software, facility, and personnel components. Coordinate the resolution of action items from Configuration Control Board (CCB) meetings, design reviews, program reviews, and test reviews that require cross-discipline coordination. Participate in an Integrated Product Team to design new capabilities based upon evaluation of all necessary development and operational considerations. Allocate real-time process budgets and error budgets to systems and subsystem components. Generate alternative system concepts, physical architectures, and design solutions. Define the methods, processes, and evaluation criteria by which the systems, subsystems and work products are verified against their requirements in a written plan. Develop system design solution that satisfies the system requirements and fulfills the functional analysis. Review and provide input to program and contract work breakdown structure (WBS), work packages and the integrated master plan (IMP). Participate in interface definition, design, and changes to the configuration between affected groups and individuals throughout the life cycle. Derive from the system requirements an understanding of stakeholder needs, functions that may be logically inferred and implied as essential to system effectiveness. Derive lower-level requirements from higher-level allocated requirements that describe in detail the functions that a system component must fulfill, and ensure these requirements are complete, correct, unique, unambiguous, realizable, and verifiable. Participate in establishing and gaining approval of the definition of a system or component under development (requirements, designs, interfaces, test procedures, etc.) that provides a common reference point for hardware and software developers. Develop derived requirements for Information Assurance Services (Confidentiality, Integrity, Non repudiation, and Availability); Basic Information Assurance Mechanisms (e.g., Identification, Authentication, Access Control, Accountability); and Security Mechanism Technology (Passwords, cryptography, discretionary access control, mandatory access control, hashing, key management, etc.). Implement comprehensive SOA solutionsImplement operational view, technical standards view, and system and services view for architectures using applicable DoDAF standards. Review and/or approve system engineering documentation to ensure that processes and specifications meet system needs and are accurate, comprehensive, and complete. Maintain knowledge of current and evolving agency, national, and international standards applicable to the system development of interest. Apply and enforce use of suitable standards to ensure consistency and interoperability of developer hardware and softwareAs a participant within an Analysis of Alternatives (AoA) effort, recommend a preferred solution based on selection criteria adjusted for reasonableness and validity of assumptions, technology limitations, environmental impact, and life-cycle costs. Provide technical direction for the development, engineering, interfacing, integration, and testing of all components of complex hardware/software systems to include requirements elicitation, analysis and functional allocation, conducting systems requirements reviews, developing concepts of operation and interface standards, developing system architectures, and performing technical/non-technical assessment and management as well as end-to-end flow analysis. Improve standard integration strategies based upon rationale for previous decisions that resulted in improved integration performance. Fully define interfaces in terms of origination, destination, stimulus, and data characteristics for software; and electrical and mechanical characteristics for hardware.
Qualifications:Twenty (20) years of experienceas a SE in programs and contracts of similar scope, type and complexity is required. Demonstrated experience in planning and leading System Engineering efforts is required. Bachelor’s degree in System Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering Science, Engineering Management, or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required. Five (5) years of additional SE experience may be substituted for a bachelor’s degree."	214	Washington
Salesforce Developer – Sr. – Software Engineer – Level IV	Cinteot, Inc.	McLean, VA	None	"Job position URL:
https://cinteot.com/cinteot-careers/#!/a6a70ae2-47e7-495f-9440-f5df49a08d4e/detail

Salesforce Developer – Sr. – Software Engineer – Level IV

Description

Cinteot is seeking experienced Salesforce developers to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position will be located in McLean, VA. The qualified applicant will become part of Cinteot's Department of State (DOS) Consular Systems Modernization (CSM) Program, for the Bureau of Consular Affairs (CA). This initiative will modernize over 90 legacy systems over the period of 10 years and consolidate the operational environment under a common technology framework in order to better support the services provided to CA’s customers. The journey to the cloud is a key consideration for modernization of the Consular Affair’s applications. We will initially develop selected business and technical capabilities on Salesforce CRM platform and evaluate its feasibility. This will include evaluating effectiveness of the public facing online applications built on Salesforce platform, support unique digital workflows for internal consular staff, and data integrations using API-led connectivity to legacy systems.

Are you an experienced Salesforce developer who is looking to applying your skills and develop applications on the platform to solve unique requirements in support of Consular Affair services (e.g. Passport, Visa and American Citizen Services)? If so, we want you to join our team and contribute your expertise. You will be working in a supportive and fast-paced environment to apply your skills and take a lead role in building the presence of Salesforce ecosystem throughout the journey of modernization. Bring your passion in the field of Salesforce development and enjoy numerous opportunities to increase your professional knowledge, acquire prestigious certifications and unique advancement opportunities.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Use your technical proficiency with the Salesforce platform to design and develop business functionalities using inbuilt CRM/CX technologies and functionalities

Map Salesforce capabilities, features and best practices against business and technical requirements by performing fit-gap analysis against Salesforce cloud, service, community, available tools available within AppExchange and force.com platform

Perform app development, prototyping, testing and demonstrating capabilities to users.

Work with systems architect and support team members to address security and compliance (e.g. section 508, FISMA) requirements related to the setup of Salesforce platform sandbox and development environments

Work on design and development of interfaces APIs and integrations from Salesforce to external systems

Mentor other developers in Salesforce administration, development and best practices

Basic Qualifications:
To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below:

Level III: Bachelor’s degree and five (5) years’ experience

Level IV: Bachelor’s degree and nine (9) years’ experience

At least 5 years direct experience in software development lifecycle

At least 3 years of experience in development of enterprise-level Salesforce projects throughout implementation lifecycles with demonstrable success

Proficiency in writing Visualforce, Apex classes,/controllers, triggers, SOQL and SOSL

Proficiency in related tools (Data Loader, Workbench, Force.com IDE, and integrations of third party tools with Salesforce

Experience with system integrations using API from within the Salesforce platform and implementing web services: JSON, XML

Experience building applications using Salesforce Lightning

Certified Salesforce Platform Developer I or equivalent experience

Must have a current, active Secret (or higher) clearance. Interim clearances may be considered.

Preferred Qualifications:
Candidates with these desired skills will be given preferential consideration:

Certified Force.com Advanced Developer (DEV 501)

Strong background in web application developing using technologies such as Python/Djago, Ruby/Rails, JavaScript/NodeJS

Experience developing/deploying applications written in open languages on Heroku and integration with Salesforce platform

Cinteot is an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability."	214	Washington
Angular Developer	CTEC	Washington, DC	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 22 years. We are currently looking for a Angular Developer to join our team.

Clearance Requirement:

Must have CPB Clearance.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Serve as an Agile Scrum team member providing software development and maintenance for the delivery of releasable software in short sprint cycles. Responsible for activities associated with delivery of software solutions associated with customer-defined systems and software projects by working in close collaboration with software developers/engineers, stakeholders, and end users within Agile processes. Responsible for:
Designing, developing, and implementing custom software and database application capabilities for a variety of legacy and modernized systems with limited oversight
Acting as a member of a product team supporting teammates and collaborating with a do what it takes attitude to ensure product and team success.
Providing improvements to the product(s) being supported
Actively participate in release and sprint planning, artifact creation, sprint testing, regression testing, demonstrations and retrospectives and solution releases
Supporting release planning with conceptual design and development / refinement of software engineering guidelines
Analyzing complex project-related problems and creating innovative solutions involving, scheduling, technology, methodology, tools and solution components
Ensuring product quality and timeliness of work, providing advice and guidance, resolving problems to meet objectives, and providing periodic performance reports
Providing mentoring to junior members of the team

Work Experience:

Expert Knowledge and experience with Application Front End Development using Angular 2x (not Angular.js), TypeScript, and JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS.
Experience developing application integration with APIs and Web Services; and a working knowledge of: XML, JSON, and SAML parsing;
Experience with Node.js, NPM for software development
Experience with Angular Application trouble shooting and configurations.
Experience with Progressive Web Apps and Responsive Design using Material Design. Bootstrap, or other library.
Experience with lifecycle testing using angular frameworks for unit, regression, security, testing.
Some Experience with Mobile development (iOS or Android OS) and Frameworks
Experience with angular application integration with a DevOps pipeline
Working on unusually complicated problems and providing solutions that are highly creative and ingenious, exhibiting ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness
Acting independently to expose and resolve problems
Experience with source code control systems and concurrent development workflows (Git preferred)
Ability to apply estimation techniques to software development efforts
Working knowledge of and ability to assist others in the use of software engineering tools to support process improvement
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong collaboration skills and desire to work within a team
Understanding of all elements of the software development life cycle, including planning, development, requirements management, CM, quality assurance, and release management
Familiarity application database development with Liqibase and PostgresSQL
AWS application development using services such as SNS, SQS, SES, SWF, Lambda, S3, jHipster application scaffolding tool
Ability to apply advanced principles, theories, and concepts, and contribute to the development of innovative principles and ideas
Additionally, familiarity with any of the following is highly desirable: Jira, Confluence

Work Experience:

Professional Experience: at least seven (7) years related technical experience, with software design, development and implementation in a Windows Environment

Education:

College degree (B.S.) in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Management Systems or a related discipline. Equivalent professional experience will be considered in lieu of degree

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position.

Please note: Candidate(s) will be required to go through pre-employment screening.

Cybermedia Technologies, Inc. is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer! (EOE; M/F/D/V)"	214	Washington
ServiceNow Developer	Kadiak, LLC	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Waterfront area)	None	"Kadiak, LLC. is looking for an experienced ServiceNow Developer to join our team in the DC Metro area. This is a full time position supporting Kadiak and our government customer. This position can be worked remote.

We offer competitive compensation and an extraordinary benefits package including health, dental and vision insurance, 401K with company matching, flexible spending accounts, paid holidays, three weeks paid time off, and more.

In support of the U. S. Department of Energy (DOE) Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) and other Federal clients, Kadiak, LLC. is looking for an experienced ServiceNow Developer to join our team in the DC Metro area. This is a full-time position supporting Kadiak and our government customers. The ServiceNow Developer will focus on application development within the ServiceNow platform. The successful candidates should be capable of working within a team environment to design and build new applications or migrate the functions of previously developed applications or solutions to ServiceNow.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Essential duties and responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Performs application development and maintenance in a team environment utilizing ServiceNow, including design, development, documentation, and testing
Works closely with customers, process owners and leads requirements gathering, technical design, software development/configuration, reviews, and testing
Performs ServiceNow administrative functions as required to set up environment and transfer solution from development, to test, and to production environments
Develops/Configures workflows, notifications, scripts, UI policies & actions, tables, forms, reports, dashboards, interfaces, and data migration to meet solution needs and to ensure that configuration aligns with ServiceNow best practices
Troubleshoots and resolves issues related to software application and system integration
Provides timely Tier II/III application support for both new and existing applications and workflows within ServiceNow
Prepares user guides, test plans, operating instructions, training materials and conducts user training
Updates project managers, task leads and other stakeholders on the progress of a solution
Plans daily activities within the guidelines of job description and supervisor’s instruction in such a way as to maximize personal output
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technology field of study. Must meet minimum years of experience requirement as specified below.
Eight to ten (8-10) years of experience in Information Technology with a minimum of three (3) years planning, executing, and implementing Technology Modernization solutions.

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATION:
U.S. Citizenship required and candidate must be able to obtain a Public Trust clearance
ServiceNow Certification(s)

JOB SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS / ABILITIES:
3 plus years of experience with ServiceNow development
Proven consulting experience as a key technical resource leading the development and delivery of ITSM or other ServiceNow solutions in client environments. Nice to have: Federal sector experience
Comprehensive developer experience with ServiceNow platform and ITBM / ITOM products
ServiceNow PPM Demand management, Portfolio management, Project management, Resource Management, Timecard Management. Nice to have: Financial Management
Knowledge of workflow configuration tools such as SharePoint, SAP, Microsoft CRM
Knowledge of Business Rules, Client Scripts, Workflow designer, Table/Form creation, E-mail alerts configuration
Experience with ITIL, minimum foundation level, ideally higher
ServiceNow Integration experience with Adobe, OneID, and Login.Gov preferred
Knowledge of client-side code
Experience and ability to gather and interpret vocally delivered or written requirements and convert those into functional design requirements
Experience writing technical documents (both collaboratively and independently)
Ability to participate in design workshops, development, testing and deployment activities with customers
Strong interpersonal skills and customer-centric attitude is a must
Experience working with Agile teams, methodologies, and tools
Strong communication and presentation skills; able to effectively interact with diverse stakeholders within a multi-level organization
Strong time-management skills
Working Environment & Conditions:

This position is primarily indoors, consistent with a standard office position and has a noise level of mostly low to moderate. The incumbent is required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The work load may require the incumbent to sit for extended periods of time. The incumbent must be able to read, do simple math calculations and withstand moderate amounts of stress. The incumbent must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.

Our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy:

The company is an equal opportunity employer. The company shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), national origin, age, disability, military/veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to equal employment opportunity in all decisions related to employment, promotion, wages, benefits and all other privileges, terms and conditions of employment. The company is dedicated to seeking all qualified applicants. If you require an accommodation to navigate or to apply to a position on our website, please contact Heaven Wood via e-mail at accommodations@koniag-gs.com or by calling 703-488-9377 to request accommodations. This contact information is used for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire on a status of your application.

About our Company:
Kadiak, LLC (Kadiak) is an Anchorage, Alaska based professional services firm specializing in federal contracting compliance & management, tribal sovereignty & law, and cultural and environmental resource management. Kadiak is owned by Koniag, Inc., an Alaska Native Regional Corporation (ANC) formed pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act of 1971. Kadiak is certified in the Small Business Administration’s 8(a) Business Development Program.
Our Equal Opportunity: Policy
EOE Minorities/Female/Protected Veterans/Disabled. Shareholder Preference in accordance with Public Law 88-352"	214	Washington
Senior Software Engineer III (Full stack Java/React Developer)	Marq Solutions, LLC	Columbia, MD	None	Senior Software Engineer III (Full stack Java/React Developer) Full Time Senior Software Engineer IIILocation: Ft Meade, MDRequisition ID: Marq-5Job Description: Full stack Java/React Developer responsible for the design, development and testing of web application providing critical support for multiple systems across the Customer enterprise. In this DevOps environment, you will work with Agile and Scrum methodologies, and you will participate in a complete redesign and modernization of the application and demonstrate a strong background of Java and JavaScript development.Required Skills: 2+ years of experience with Linux, Maven and JavaScript2+ years of experience in the SIGINT, IA, or IT domains3+ years of experience developing web applications using: o HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and WebSockets o Modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, and Vue.js o Node.js runtime, package manager (npm), and webpack2+ years of experience developing enterprise-grade Java applicationsKnowledge of Spring Boot, the Spring Framework and Dependency InjectionExperience with data binding and object serialization using XML, JSON, or AvroExperience developing RESTful web servicesExperience deploying software to Java servlet containers such as JettyExperience developing, deploying, and maintaining software in an Enterprise Linux environmentExperience developing software with Git, Maven and GradleTo qualify, candidate must also meet these basic qualifications: TS/SCI clearance with full scope polygraphBachelor's degree or higher in computer engineering or in a field related to the computer engineering or computer science disciplines8 years of Software Engineering experience. An additional 4+ years of Software Engineering experience may be substituted for the degree for a total of 12 years.At least three years of experience in the SIGINT, IA and IT domainsNice-to-have-Skills: Experience with Accessibility (a11y) and Section 508 complianceUnderstanding of Usability Engineering principles and best practices for user interface designExperience with Hibernate, JPA, and SQLExperience with distributed streaming platforms such as Apache KafkaExperience writing software using message-oriented middleware such as JMS, AMQP, STOMP, or MQTTKnowledge of graph DBs, the Tinkerpop Graph API, or SigmaJSMaster’s degree in Computer Science, Information Security, or a related fieldExperience with Messaging is a plus.Marq Solution is actively and historically in support of, and commitment to the principles of diversity and equal employment opportunity. It is Marq Solutions’ policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote individuals, without regard to race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, veteran status or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal or state law. Marq Solutions will not tolerate unlawful discrimination and any such conduct is prohibited. Marq Solutions is committed to ensuring that Marq Solutions’ workforce and volunteers reflect America’s diverse population. Marq Solutions knows that such diversity will enrich the company with the talent, energy, perspective, and inspiration we need to achieve our mission.Job Type: Full-timePay: $1.00 - $200,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:As per the Agency's current Covid-19 guidelines.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Software Engineering: 8 years (Required)Signals intelligence: 3 years (Required)Security Clearance:Top Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	214	Washington
Java Application Developer	CTEC	Springfield, VA	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 22 years. We are currently looking for a Java Application Developer to join our team.


Duties and Responsibilities:

Serve as an Agile Scrum team member providing software development and maintenance for the delivery of releasable software in short sprint cycles. Responsible for activities associated with delivery of software solutions associated with customer-defined systems and software projects by working in close collaboration with software developers/engineers, stakeholders, and end users within Agile processes. Responsible for:

Designing, developing and implementing custom software and database application capabilities for a variety of legacy and modernized systems with limited oversight
Acting as a member of a product team supporting teammates and collaborating with a do what it takes attitude to ensure product and team success
Providing improvements to the product(s) being supported
Actively participate in release and sprint planning, artifact creation, sprint testing, regression testing, demonstrations and retrospectives and solution releases
Supporting release planning with conceptual design and development / refinement of software engineering guidelines
Analyzing complex project-related problems and creating innovative solutions involving, scheduling, technology, methodology, tools and solution components
Ensuring product quality and timeliness of work, providing advice and guidance, resolving problems to meet objectives, and providing periodic performance reports
Providing mentoring to junior members of the team


Work Experience:

Professional Experience: at least seven (7) years related technical experience, with software design, development and implementation in a Windows Environment
Experience with Java; Familiarity with any of the following: Hibernate (or other ORM), JAX-RS, JavaScript, XML, JSON, Web-Services (JAX-WS or JAX-RS), JBoss, Eclipse, maven, junit, and shell scripting
Object oriented design and development (OODD) expertise, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Communicating OODD and SOA principles and best practices
Working on unusually complicated problems and providing solutions that are highly creative and ingenious, exhibiting ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness
Acting independently to expose and resolve problems
Experience with source code control systems and concurrent development workflows (Git preferred)
Experience using SQL or PL/SQL to access Oracle, MySQL, or SQL Server databases
Experience with data base design
Ability to apply estimation techniques to software development efforts
Working knowledge of and ability to assist others in the use of software engineering tools to support process improvement
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong collaboration skills and desire to work within a team
Understanding of all elements of the software development life cycle, including planning, development, requirements management, CM, quality assurance, and release management
Highly responsible, team-oriented individual with very strong work ethic and a self-starter
Hibernate-5
SpringFrameWork-5
Telerik

Education/Certification:

College degree (B.S.) in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Management Systems or a related discipline. Equivalent professional experience will be considered in lieu of degree


Clearance Requirements:

Secret Clearance


The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position.

Please note: Candidate(s) will be required to go through pre-employment screening.

Cybermedia Technologies, Inc. is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer! (EOE; M/F/D/V)"	214	Washington
Sharepoint Developer	Tulzi Technologies, LLC	Columbia, MD	None	"Responsibilities and Duties
Provide Operations and Maintenance (O&M) support for Website and SharePoint sites. To include assessments and consultations on design of SharePoint tools and applications, workflow development, management, processing engineering, and technical support.
Provide O&M support for SharePoint and Website instances and content management support
Develop the business logic for front-end systems and back-end systems
Provide support to the development and integration of workflows, sites and processes
Provide assistance with installation and testing of SharePoint related software tools.
Maintain and refine permissions and SharePoint groups.
Maintain, modify, and improve on the look and feel and general SharePoint user experience including; set up and manipulate web parts (snippets of HTML code deployed to a SharePoint page),
Integrate custom elements with external data feeds and connect to various data sources for dynamic display of information
Update/create the Operations and System documentation
Create/update unit test plans and record the results


Required Skills
Requires 4 – 8 years of prior relevant experience
Demonstrated experience with SharePoint Administration and MS SQL
Demonstrated experience managing unique and inherited permissions throughout SharePoint sites.
Demonstrated experience managing item level security on SharePoint sites and workflows.
Demonstrated experience creating and modifying SharePoint workflows.
Demonstrated experience performing data aggregation, analysis, and reporting on mid-sized data sets.
Demonstrated web development experience using, at a minimum, HTML and CSS.
Demonstrated experience using SharePoint Designer to include workflow development, page management, and page design
Demonstrated experience updating and editing SharePoint Master Pages and style sheets
Demonstrated experience working in a fast paced IT environment with multiple projects

Demonstrated experience creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows, and site maps
Demonstrated experience meeting deadlines and working independently
Demonstrated experience identifying risks and gaps and working to close them
DoD 8570.1-M IAT Level III certification (ex. CASP, CISSP) and an industry vendor certification (Microsoft, VMWare, etc)"	214	Washington
CNO Analyst/Programer III	Novetta	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success. Novetta is committed to cultivating a diverse, inclusive workplace culture, embracing our differences and perspectives to build a stronger, more successful company.

Job Description:
The CNO developer will design custom software for CNO tools and techniques on Windows, Unix, or Mobile platforms. They will work closely with customers to understand ever-changing requirements and develop documentation pertinent to operating and supporting developed software and techniques. Along with this, they will be tasking with the mentorship of junior-level developers to solve real-time cyber challenges.

Responsibilities include for Level 3:
Strong experience programming in C or C++
Strong experience programming in Python
Must have strong Windows, Unix development or Mobile background
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Serve as team lead at the level appropriate to the software development process being used on any particular project
Design or implement complex database or data repository interfaces/queries
Assist with developing and executing test procedures for software components
Develop software solutions by analyzing system performance standards, confer with users or system engineers; analyze systems flow, data usage and work processes; and investigate problem areas
Design, develop and modify software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design
Design or implement complex algorithms requiring adherence to strict timing, system resource, or interface constraints; Perform quality control on team products
Implement recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards
Oversee one or more software development teams and ensure the work is completed in accordance with the constraints of the software development process being used on any particular project
Confer with system engineers and hardware engineers to derive software requirements and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces
Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure operational specifications are met
Recommend new technologies and processes for complex software projects
Serve as the technical lead of multiple software development teams
Select the software development process in coordination with the customer and system engineering
Delegate programming and testing responsibilities to one or more teams and monitor their performance

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required

T en (10) years experience with C programming

Five (5)+ years experience with advance debugging on Windows and Linux systems

Experience with Windows and Linux API's (POSIX, win32, win native)

Experience developing custom network protocols

Experience with socket programming on Windows and Linux

Familiarity analyzing x86 and x86_64 assembly

Additional Requirements:
TS/SCI clearance with poly

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,300 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:
Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality, and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.

For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	214	Washington
Senior Test Automation Engineer	Appian Corporation	McLean, VA	None	"Engineering Infrastructure at Appian holds the highest standards for the overall developer experience and the quality of the code. Streamlining how our software engineers to write code and push it to production through smart automation is important to us. We're looking specifically to grow a talented Test Automation Engineering function with the ongoing goal of reducing manual regression testing through strategic investment in automation.

About you:
You're passionate about software quality and leveraging new technology and frameworks to achieve high quality goals.

You c onstantly seek opportunities to make testing more effective and efficient; and y ou're inherently proactive about staying abreast on emerging test tooling and technologies.

You have experience developing and maintaining product tests and test frameworks focused primarily on System/API/UI testing.

You are a software engineer skilled in software design and writing maintainable code and passionate and skilled in testing.

You understand the total cost of ownership of automated tests and use that to temper their automation investment.

What you'll do:
Envision, design and develop test frameworks that can be used at various stages in the development pipeline to create necessary level of confidence software is ready to move to next pipeline phase.
Develop maintainable automated tests using tools like WebDriver, FitNesse, Locust, Jmeter, BrowserStack, EndTest, Appium.
Build custom applications for testing as necessary in languages like Java or Python.
Develop automation that minimizes fragility through architectural patterns that isolate coupling to System Under Test (SUT), minimize maintenance costs as the SUT API changes.
Assigned to teams as needed to develop custom testing applications based on individual team needs.
Develop system level regression and smoke tests that focus on the system as a whole.
Train teams on the use and extension of the tooling to scale the use of the test infrastructure across Engineering.
Provide assistance/guidance on use of technologies to solve testing problems.

Assert user requirements, not code or design level validation typical of unit or integration testing.
There are three primary roles you'll move between: i) Developing, maintaining, extending test frameworks and infrastructure, ii) working with specific teams to build test in support of their missions, iii) Developing tests focused on the entire product, independent of specific teams.

Strongly Preferred Experience : you've been a professional software developer in the past and have written production code. Linux, bash, and general automation infrastructure is important.

Education : B.S. degree in Computer Science preferred

Appian Corporation is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Further, Appian will not discriminate against applicants for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co‐worker, Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination .

#LI-AD1"	214	Washington
Quality Assurance Analyst II	MKS2 Technologies	Fairfax, VA	None	"Quality Assurance Analyst II
MKS2 Technologies, an award-winning high growth technology consulting agency is seeking a Quality Assurance Analyst II to join our team at our client’s site in Fairfax, VA


As the Quality Assurance Analyst II this role supports the development of both enterprise applications and rapid prototypes by leveraging an Agile software development life cycle, and working closely with Developers as well as functional team members and clients. Specifies functional and non-functional software requirements and develops technical specifications based on user needs. Work closely with developers to design and implement testing strategy and test plans, maintaining detailed documentation. Performs routine tests and documents system issues. Participates in establishing software quality standards for life cycle, documentation, development methods, testing and maintenance. May conduct CMMI PQA audits.
Job Responsibilities
Works iteratively with the business, product and development team through all aspects of the Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), including business requirements, functional specifications, integration and regression testing using current testing methodologies and tools.Analyzes user needs and shapes the assembly of well-documented functional requirements and technical specifications.Helps develop technical specifications interface control documents,
test plans and procedures, analyzes configuration and processing
solutions, and tests conformance to specifications.
Researches and documents analysis in technical reports and presents
findings and recommendations to meet program requirements.
Develops solutions by preparing and evaluating alternative workflow
solutions, validate results by testing programmers, and ensure
operation by training client personnel and providing support.
Implements efficient and effective test plans for new systems, problems and/or enhancements, and documents requirements for acceptance criteria.Analyzes and dissects system requirements and technical specifications to create and execute test cases. Writes and executes test cases.Plans, documents, evaluates, and tracks testing results to ensure system applications are free from defects.Actively participates in walk-through, inspection, review and user group meetings for quality assurance.Responsible for performing unit testing, integration testing, performance testing, functional testing, regression testing, scalability testing, client acceptance testing, user interface testing, batch process testing, and production support testing of these various software products.Assists with product backlog maintenance and grooming.Reviews and evaluates products and services for adherence to government directives, standards and guidelines concerning quality assurance.Responsible for entering defects into defect tracking tool.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in a related field of study or equivalent relevant experience.
2-5 years of Information Technology experience; requirements development, programming, software testing, technical writing, customer call support (Help Desk).
Minimum 3-5 years of Army Active Component HR personnel experience / systems familiarity.
Familiarity with Reserve Component HR personnel experience / systems familiarity is highly desirable.

Other Job Specific Skills
Knowledge of CMMI Level II/III, IEEE or other software development standards, SDLC Methodologies, and test tools, including defect tracking.Experience with Agile practices and participation in Agile activities such as SCRUM, Sprint Planning, and Retrospective Meetings.Previous experience working with Government clients is highly desirable.Multitasking expertise, with the ability to work concurrently on several projects with specific instructions which may differ from project to project.Excellent written and verbal communication and conflict resolution skills.Ability to work across multiple disciplines.Ability to work in a matrix team environment, perform functional analysis to identify cross-relationships between requirements, and identify resources needed to execute these.Knowledge of MS Suite; Word, Excel, PowerPoint & Project. Knowledge of SQL Database Language a plus.Ability to transfer knowledge and translate technical concepts to non-technical resources and coworkers.Familiar with basic programming, object oriented concepts, database basics and SQL.Experience using integrated test management tools for defect tracking, test cases, and requirements traceability.A high level of initiative with the ability to remain calm in stressful situations.Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.Must be a team player.Familiarity with unit tests and automated testing desired.
Physical Demands
Light office duties which may include sitting for prolonged periods of time, viewing digital screens for prolonged periods of time, lifting up to 10 pounds, use of a desk or mobile phone, typing on a keyboard, writing with a pen, pencil, or stylus, etc.

MKS2 Technologies, LLC, an award-winning high growth small business, creates innovative and customer-centric technology solutions in the areas of Cyber Security, Instructional Design and Training, Software Engineering and IT Support Services to improve the security and well-being of our clients. Our commitment to excellence and our “Mission First” orientation has resulted in steady growth and an expanding client base across government agencies. Headquartered in Austin, TX we have employees nationwide and for the past three consecutive years were named one of the fastest growing Veteran-owned companies in the nation. Please take a moment to browse through our website and learn more about what it means to serve with MKS2.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: MKS2 Technologies is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law."	214	Washington
Cloud Developer	Cornerstone Defense	Chantilly, VA	None	"STOR159
Location: Chantilly, VA
Title: Application Programmer III

*Clearance: *Active TS/SCI w/ Polygraph needed to apply *

Job Description:
Python development experience, experience architecting & deploying to AWS
Nice to have: web application development, ElasticSearch, MySQL, Agile
Accurately represents customer requirements and possesses excellent listening, interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills.
Excellent technical writing skills.
Able to work in an operational environment where priorities change frequently.
Proficient at gathering and interpreting relevant data and information.
Applies advanced skills in Java, .Net, ORACLE, MARIA DB or similar and in scripting languages approved by or preferred by the Government.
Experienced in information system design, including application programming on large-scale database management services and the development of complex software to satisfy design objectives.
Will analyze functional business applications and design specifications for functional areas and develop block diagrams and logic flow charts.
Will translate detailed designs into computer software
Will test, fix, and refine the computer software to produce the required product.
Will prepare required documentation, including both program-level and user-level documentation.
Will enhance software to reduce operating time or improve efficiency.
Will provide technical direction to programmers to ensure program deadlines are met"	214	Washington
Senior Web Architect	NiyamIT	Washington, DC 20005 (Logan Circle area)	None	Niyam is a CMMI Level III-Dev appraised, ISO 9001:2015, ISO/IEC 20000-1:2018, ISO/IEC 27001:2013, 8(a) and HUBZone certified organization serving Federal, State, Local, and Commercial customers for over 13 years. We are a growing organization, recently ranked by Inc. Magazine on their 2020 Inc. 5000 list. We are looking for talented professionals to rise to the challenge, enhance skills, and work with smart minds. Come join our team and grow with us!Niyam is seeking an experienced, full-time Senior Web Architect to join our team in Washington, DC in support of our work with Department of Justice's security and infrastructure functional team. We offer competitive compensation and benefits. Position is remote during the pandemic, and on-site work will be required after the pandemic restrictions are lifted.Roles and Responsibilities:Design, test, implement and administer interactive technologies and applicationsProvide expertise for new or enhanced information systems softwareRecommend and implement security policiesCoordinate the common use of core software across multiple platformsCoordinate troubleshooting procedures for related applicationsCoordinate with developers in architectural designs and software developmentMust Have: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field9+ years of experience as a web architect in support of large website implementation4+ years of expertise with Drupal, jsonExperience with and working level knowledge of Git (installation, configuration, repository creation, commands, branching, merging, and tagging)Experience with and working level knowledge of Linux command linesExpertise in Drupal custom module development, writing PHP code, and JavaScript codeExperience helping / coordinating the preparation of testing and implementation plansStrong communication skills with ability to articulate ideas with others on the teamAbility to work well under pressure, on multiple tasks simultaneously and meet project deadlinesThe ability to work autonomously on challenging projects and enjoy working in a fast-paced, collaborative environmentSuperior customer service skillsExperience in Public SectorExperience working in cloud environments.Must be eligible to receive a DOJ clearanceMust be able to provide proof of US CitizenshipNice to Have: Experience with services in compliance with ISO 20000 implementation4+ years of Microsoft Azure Cloud, Google AnalyticsExperience with FISMA NIST 800-53 security requirementsAll qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. EOEJob Type: Full-time	214	Washington
IT Senior Systems Administrator	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:

This position serves as Senior IT System Administrator within the eDiscovery IT support program. This position supports high-availability Discovery platforms, integration of these systems with other enterprise systems, tier II/III user support as well as daily, weekly and monthly Operation and Maintenance tasks. O&M tasks include but are not limited to OS and Application level security patching, monitoring and testing system performance, issue resolution and working with vendors and developers to implement fixes. As a SME of these systems, the candidate will be required to perform user trainings and develop/maintain standard operating procedures of these systems and processes. The candidate will be a part of a dynamic and agile engineering team that routinely engages with the client to ensure the systems are exceeding the mission need and participate in working groups to enhance existing processes and/or incorporate new process as needed. Additionally, this position supports special projects to monitor industry changes and next generation technologies in the areas of eDiscovery and data management that will maintain and promote the IT portfolio of the primary client.
Qualifications:

To be considered for this position, the candidate must:
Active Top-Secret Clearance with SCI eligibilty or higher designation
5 years of work related experince
Enterprise-Level System Administrator support (or equivalent)
Preferred Experience & Training:
At least 5 years of general Tier-2 or higher Technical Support and User Support experience, with previous experience working in a Tier-3 or higher technical specialist capacity providing enterprise level system administrator support. Strong oral and written communication skills to bridge business and technical communities.
Experienced administrator of Windows Server Architecture with knowledge of VMWare, relational databases, MySQL and/or SQL Server 2012 or higher.
Comprehensive knowledge of NAS/ SAN storage, networking and email protocols, web applications (web server administration, html, etc.) and related infrastructure.
Experience helping and training customers to understand the features and benefits the products and work systematically through hardware and software problems.
Knowledge and experience with creating and maintaining Knowledge Management database, Veritas Clearwell eDiscovery Platform and Enterprise Vault, SharePoint, MS Project and Visio.
Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse:
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits:
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive"	214	Washington
Database Engineer	REI Systems	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Overview:

At REI Systems, our work makes a difference in the lives of millions of people every day. Do you want the opportunity to contribute, grow and learn every day? We’re looking to hire individuals who are enthusiastic and eager to contribute to driving results that matter whether you are developing code for a public-facing web site or ensuring that our latest deployment is bug-free.
Do you enjoy working with amazing people? If you are solution oriented, thrive in a fast paced, agile environment then come work for a company that's top ranked in Washington Post Top Workplaces.
""REI Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer (Minority/Female/Disability/Vet)""
Responsibilities:
Required experience in all areas of MS SQL server 2005/2008/2012 development/administration/maintenance.
Troubleshoot SQL Server service outages as they occur, including after-hours and weekends.
Understand the complex data model of large Enterprise level system for providing Tier III support
Resolve Tier III data support tickets as per the defined SLA
Identify defects based on issue trends, customer feedback and error reporting from the system
Develop script library and document them for reusing in future
Conduct internal KT sessions and create knowledgebase articles
Perform impact analysis before changes are made, implement changes, test changes, and document them
Assist in Capacity Planning, when performance issues arise, determine the most effective way to increase performance including hardware updates, server configuration changes, or index/query optimizations.
Assists for monitoring performance, monitoring server disk space, monitoring logs, ensuring jobs have run successfully, checking for errors.
On-call troubleshooting experience with at least one production SQL Server for a year
Good understanding of the logical and physical database modeling and design concepts.
In depth knowledge of writing and tuning SQL Server stored procedures/functions/views/SQL Jobs.
Experience in writing and modifying SSIS packages.
Effective oral and written communication skills.
Work in a collaborative office environment with other developers, business analysts, and a project management team.
Other similar professional duties maybe assigned as needed
Desired Skills
Experience with performance optimization
Experience with Analysis Services is a plus
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in computer science, systems analysis, information systems management, software engineering, statistics, mathematics or related discipline; or professional certification and in-depth knowledge of database technology and DBA tools
An advanced degree in a related field may be substituted for two years of experience.
4+ years’ experience working with relational databases.
Detailed knowledge and understanding of all aspects of SQL Server 2005/2008/2012, including both development and administration is required.
Proficiency in writing complex T-SQL queries/stored procedures/SQL Jobs is an absolute must.
The position demands strong analytical and troubleshooting skills while working on a custom mission critical production level database"	214	Washington
A08 - Full Stack Software Developer III - Cleared	NiSUS Technologies Corporation	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"We are looking for a fully cleared full stack software developer to perform the following duties:
Responsible for developing applications software for small to highly complex computer systems or portions of large integrated systems and/or for providing analysis and engineering of functional aspects of software and hardware architecture and system support.
The candidate will prepare detailed specifications from which software products will be designed and/or candidate will translate documented designs into software products by developing, documenting, testing and debugging code.
Experience with applications that deal with utility programs, job control language, macro, subroutines and other control modules.
Requirements Security Clearance Required: Top Secret with poly
A minimum of thirteen (13) years experience in software engineering/development and/or systems engineering/analysis.
A Bachelors degree in engineering, computer science, mathematics, or related discipline may be substituted for three (3) years of work experience.
A Masters degree in any of the above disciplines may be substituted for an additional two (2) years of experience.
Must possess experience in all phases of software engineering to include requirements analysis, development, testing and integration, maintenance and problem diagnosis/resolution and/or experience in phases of applications systems analysis to include evaluation and design, integration and optimization of complex systems.
Must have experience with communication applications, database management, use of programming languages and knowledge of storage and retrieval methods.
HTML/CSS
JavaScript
Experience using a major JavaScript framework (React, Angular, Vue, etc)

Desired Skills
Responsible for developing applications software for small to highly complex computer systems or portions of large integrated systems and/or for providing analysis and engineering of functional aspects of software and hardware architecture and system support.
The candidate will prepare detailed specifications from which software products will be designed and/or candidate will translate documented designs into software products by developing, documenting, testing and debugging code.
Applications generally deal with utility programs, job control language, macro, subroutines and other control modules.
Candidate shall be competent to work at the highest level of all phases of software engineering and/or all phases of applications systems analysis with minimal direction or oversight.
Kafka, Redis, Elasticsearch, MongoDB
React
Typescript
Ability to develop unit testing of code components or complete applications.
Git and software versioning experience
Docker
Benefits
Health & Life Insurance
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
401K Retirement Plan with Matching
Tuition Assistance
Vacation and Sick Leave
Hiring Bonuses
Referral Recruitment Program"	214	Washington
ServiceNow Developer - SECRET	Blackwatch International Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:

Blackwatch International Corporation (Blackwatch), a small business founded in 2010, provides world-wide mission critical services to the Department of State, Department of Defense, Department of Energy, Intelligence and Law Enforcement communities.
Blackwatch International Corporation is an agile small business dedicated to supporting Federal Government mission objectives. Based in McLean, VA, with offices in O'Fallon, IL, and Sacramento, CA, Blackwatch invests in innovation and quality for our customers and staff, holding corporate-level ISO 9001:2015, ISO/IEC 27001:2013, and ISO/IEC 20000-1:2018 quality certifications. We are a leading provider of information technology (IT) infrastructure, cybersecurity, and telecommunication services, specializing in large and complex enterprise-level projects. Moving under new experienced executive management in 2018, Blackwatch is dedicated to growth and offers a dynamic working environment with multiple opportunities for advancement.
Position Title: ServiceNow Developer
Position location(s): Washington, District of Columbia
Position Type: Regular Full Time
Years of Experience: 5-10 years
Minimum Security Clearance Requirement: SECRET, Will sponsor - US Citizenship required;
Travel Required: None
Blackwatch International Corporation is looking for a ServiceNow Developer who can assist in ensuring a new ServiceNow system delivers value to a DHS IT operations organization.
This is an exciting role that will develop ServiceNow solutions through a transition from an existing Microsoft SCSM tool to ServiceNow.
Contract requires US Citizenship. Will sponsor Secret Clearance required. The closest metro station is Metro Center and Gallery Place.
This position will be part of the design setup, operations, and implementation of new service capabilities, effectively and efficiently in an Agile manner.
The ideal candidate will have ServiceNow development and engineering experience with ITSM and other module tool configuration and integration with the platform (such as ITBM, SAM, ITOM).
Candidates who are experienced and well versed in both ITSM and IT infrastructure (security, server and network) will be a great fit as many of these processes will be included in the implementation requirements form the DHS IT Business and Service Delivery customers.
The candidate will be able to leverage their experience in Technology and IT Service Management (ITSM) processes to assist in developing and implementing an implementation roadmap that promotes ServiceNow as a strategic asset for this DHS organization.
This position will design, develop, test and deploy ServiceNow demand, change, and request workflows. They will also develop dashboard and reporting.
The candidate must demonstrate an exceptional work ethic, excellent written and verbal communication skills and able to work closely with and present to top level customer executives.
Must be able to collaborate with different organizational groups, most of which will not be direct reports, to align priorities and resources by drawing upon shared values and organizational commitments.
A background in service delivery, operations, and organizational change is a plus.
Responsibilities:
Can perform application development and maintenance in a team environment utilizing ServiceNow
Participate in requirements gathering, technical design sessions, software development, reviews, and, testing
Perform ServiceNow administrative functions as required
Provide Tier II/III application support.
Proficient in ensuring that applications are created using software development best practices and security best practices in a DOD environment
Responsible for designs, develop, tests and debugs ServiceNow software.
Can prepare needed documents (i.e. SOPs, User Guides, Testing documentation, etc.)
Develop new and existing ServiceNow workflows and Dashboards
Be able to integrate Change, Service Asset & Configuration, and Release Management to achieve defined outcomes
Qualifications:
5-10 years of related experience, include supervisory
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or related field or equivalent work experience
ITIL V3 Foundation
ServiceNow Technical Certification
Knowledge of client-side code such as JavaScript
Knowledge of workflow configuration tools: SharePoint, SAP, Microsoft CRM, etc
Prior experience with ServiceNow required
Ability to self-motivate while operating effectively in a team-oriented and collaborative environment
Demonstrated ability to work on diverse projects simultaneously, requiring detailed analysis, creative/practical problem solving, time management, and sound judgment
Demonstrated knowledge of all ITSM/ITIL, NIST, and ATO integrated requirements
Desired Qualifications
Desired Certifications: ITIL Intermediate and PMP
Proficiency in ITSM process automation and automated performance metric generation.
Experience providing leadership and technical training
Familiarity with numerous ServiceNow modules (ITSM, ITOM, ITBM, Sec, SAM, etc…)
Blackwatch International Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristics protected by law. We are an eVerify participating employer."	214	Washington
Lead Test Automation Engineer	Appian Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Engineering Infrastructure at Appian holds the highest standards for the overall developer experience and the quality of the code. Streamlining how our software engineers to write code and push it to production through smart automation is important to us. We're looking specifically to grow a talented Test Automation Engineering function with the ongoing goal of reducing manual regression testing through strategic investment in automation.

About you:
You're passionate about software quality and leveraging new technology and frameworks to achieve high quality goals.

You c onstantly seek opportunities to make testing more effective and efficient; and y ou're inherently proactive about staying abreast on emerging test tooling and technologies.

You have experience developing and maintaining product tests and test frameworks focused primarily on System/API/UI testing.

You are a software engineer skilled in software design and writing maintainable code and passionate and skilled in testing.

You understand the total cost of ownership of automated tests and use that to temper their automation investment.

What you'll do:
Envision, design and develop test frameworks that can be used at various stages in the development pipeline to create necessary level of confidence software is ready to move to next pipeline phase.
Develop maintainable automated tests using tools like WebDriver, FitNesse, Locust, Jmeter, BrowserStack, EndTest, Appium.
Build custom applications for testing as necessary in languages like Java or Python.
Develop automation that minimizes fragility through architectural patterns that isolate coupling to System Under Test (SUT), minimize maintenance costs as the SUT API changes.
Assigned to teams as needed to develop custom testing applications based on individual team needs.
Develop system level regression and smoke tests that focus on the system as a whole.
Train teams on the use and extension of the tooling to scale the use of the test infrastructure across Engineering.
Provide assistance/guidance on use of technologies to solve testing problems.

Assert user requirements, not code or design level validation typical of unit or integration testing.
There are three primary roles you'll move between: i) Developing, maintaining, extending test frameworks and infrastructure, ii) working with specific teams to build test in support of their missions, iii) Developing tests focused on the entire product, independent of specific teams.

Strongly Preferred Experience : you've been a professional software developer in the past and have written production code. Linux, bash, and general automation infrastructure is important.

Education : B.S. degree in Computer Science preferred

Appian Corporation is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Further, Appian will not discriminate against applicants for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing their pay or, in certain circumstances, the pay of their co‐worker, Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination .

#LI-AD1"	214	Washington
Junior Software Developer	Belay Technologies, Inc	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Belay Technologies has been voted Best Places to Work in 2020!
Belay Technologies is seeking a Junior Software Developer to join their top-tier team working within a fun group. All candidates must hold an active DoD security clearance with polygraph.
DUTIES TO INCLUDE:
Work with a team of developers supporting and enhancing a suite of complex web applications and services that provide content management and collaboration in support of critical missions.
Develop new features as needed and improve software efficiency and reliability.
Assist Tier I and II staff with troubleshooting issues and provide after-hours, on-call support on a rotating schedule with other team members.

REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph
At least two (2) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution.
At least two (2) years experience developing software in an enterprise environment.
At least two (2) years developing software for Windows, UNIX or Linux OS. At least one (1) year of this experience must have been obtained within the last two (2) years.
Experienced with Javascript, JQuery, Typescript, ReactJS, AngularJS or equivalents for UI developers and SpringBoot, Tomcat, JUnit, Docker or equivalents for Java developers.
At least one (1) year in software integration and software testing, to include developing and implementing test plans and test scripts.
Demonstrated technical writing skills and shall have generated at least two (2) documents in support of a software development project.
Availability to provide after-hours, on-call Tier III support as needed, in coordination with organizations providing Tier I and Tier II support. (Support is on a rotational schedule)

EXPERIENCE DESIRED :
Experience consuming and writing RESTful backend microservices in Java and NodeJs.
Experience with SpringBoot 2 and embedded tomcat deployments
Familiar with Typescript and Javascript frameworks such as jQuery, Angular, or ReactJs to build dynamic and responsive web clients that leverage backend web services over RESTful interfaces
Experience using and managing/optimizing NoSQL queries and databases such as MongoDB to persist data for web applications at a large scale (100+ queries per second)
Familiar with Apache NiFi to create and manage data extract, transform, load (ETL) operations for critical data flows
Utilized Docker, Kubernetes, or similar containerized environments to provide re-useable components that are agnostic of underlying cloud infrastructures
Experience with Elastic Stack technologies (ElasticSearch, Logstash, Kibana) to provide metrics and monitoring of distributed microservices
Experience with Agile methodologies (SCRUM)
Familiar with implementing and testing web services with various automated test frameworks (JUnit, Mockito, Selenium, Jest, Enzyme, Jasmine, Mocha, Protractor, etc)
Proven technical debugging/troubleshooting ability on multi-threaded and distributed systems.
Experience integrating new architectures/systems/services with complicated legacy code bases


Lead the Way

Belay wants you to lead the way - push boundaries, offer ideas, create solutions, and be a part of something great with Team Belay! Our team is full of technology pioneers who take the smartest approach, never accept the status quo, and are excited about making a difference!!

Our team leads:
Ideas; white papers, new technologies, improving existing infrastructure and introducing solutions...Belay was built on ideas
Growth; Be the Captain of your Fate! Share your aspirations and Belay will pave the way with conferences, education, mentorship and hands-on exposure to new and exciting things
Development; step up, be instrumental in our growth and business efforts and you will be met with an open door to new experiences as leaders in a growing company
Benefits; your feedback determines our offerings, which improve constantly based on your needs
Giving: You tell us what is important to you and Belay will support your personal cause and charitable efforts, we’ve paid donations and volunteered to causes special to our team
Fun; You give us ideas and we deliver in a big way, with go-kart racing, rock climbing, swanky casino nights, skeet shooting, happy hours and more!
Make a difference and have fun with Team Belay!!

Perks and Benefits:
8 weeks paid leave - 4 weeks of personal leave, 3 Yay! days, take off on your birthday,10 paid holidays and optional leave up to 6 days through Belay's volunteer program6% matching in 401(k) contributions vested on day one$5,000 annual training/tuitionStudent Loan Repayment Program100% company funded HSARich medical coverage (100% coinsurance)Dental coverage including orthodontiaUp to $420,000 in life insurance, premiums 100% company fundedAmazon Prime, gym reimbursement, monthly lunches, games and prizesPet adoption program, generous referral bonus program, fun events, and more!

Think you know someone who might be right for the job? Refer them to LeadTheWay@belaytech.com and you may be eligible for a referral reward up to $10,000!

What We Do
Belay Technologies provides leading technology and engineering solutions to the DoD, as well as state-of-the-art commercial products. We are a certified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business in the Baltimore/Washington area, and we are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We hire software engineers, web designers, test engineers, systems engineers, systems administrators, database engineers and other tech services.

Key words: Full Clearance, Fort Meade, SDVOSB, Service-disabled veteran owned small business, DoD, poly, AMBULATE, Jr SWE FSP Full Scope"	214	Washington
Senior Drupal Developer	RIVA Solutions, Inc.	Rockville, MD	None	"Description:

Title: Senior Drupal Developer
Location: Metro Washington, DC Area
Terms: Full-Time
Duration: 3+ Years
Clearance: Must have or be Public Trust eligible
Travel: Local
Position Overview:
RIVA Solutions is currently pursuing a multi-year program within the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) with the Agency of Health Research and Quality (AHRQ). This is a web-modernization program where we are looking for talented Software Engineers to bring their expertise to this program.
Responsibilities:
Web Designer/Developer III Responsibilities:
Perform website design and creation.
Plan, design, develop, test, edit, maintain, and document look and flow of websites.
Interview clients to help them clarify their goals for establishing a website.
Design or supervise design of digitized images, banners, bullets, charts, image maps and other graphics to enhance the appearance of the site.
Be knowledgeable of programming techniques and computer internet systems.
Perform a variety of tasks.
Work under general supervision
Typically report to a project leader or manager.
A certain degree of creativity and latitude is required.
Be familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field.
May lead or direct others.
. Requirements:

Basic Qualifications:
Familiarity with USDA web presence
Experience working with any number of Python frameworks
Familiarity with the SDLC, Agile, Scrum, and associated tools such as JIRA and Confluence
BS/BA degree (or equivalent)
4 to 8 years’ experience in a related field
About RIVA:
RIVA Solutions, Inc. is a rapidly growing provider of Information Technology and Program Support Services to the United States Federal Government. Headquartered in McLean VA, RIVA has over 450 employees in 24+ states across the US. As we continue to expand our services within Management Consulting, STEM, Cyber, AI, and Robotic Process Automation, we are looking for highly qualified people to join and thrive with us. VivaLaRIVA!
RIVA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, or other non-merit based factors."	214	Washington
Sr. Linux Admin/Developer	Bella Information Systems, LLC	Lorton, VA	None	"The Linux System Administrator for Cross Domain Services (CDS) contributes to the sustainment and evolution of multiple cross domain solutions that are based on Linux and Windows platforms. These CDS solutions must meet a 99%+ service level availability (24x7x365) requirement, so a qualified candidate must also have experience with high availability solutions. This position also requires the application of expertise on multiple complex work scripting, development, and work-around assignments that may be broad in nature and require originality and innovation in determining how to accomplish tasks. Qualified candidates will have appreciable latitude in developing methodology and presenting solutions to problems and contribute to deliverables and performance metrics where applicable.
Primary Responsibilities
Active monitoring and sustaining the operations of a large number of geographically distributed Linux-based CDS solutions to meet service level agreements. This is to include patching, debugging, and the creation of workaround solutions.
Incident response management for the CDS solutions
Interface with federal personnel to communicate SLA metrics and remediation of incidents.
Scripting and possible software development to automate Operations and Maintenance
Potential development of sensors to accelerate the detection of failed systems.
Assist in documenting security compliance actions within the approved automated compliance tracking system or assist in developing a Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M) to address non-compliance in the allotted timeframe.
Participate in the development and evaluation of new CDS solutions and technology as part of a larger team
Development of documentation for operations, sustainment, and user guides.
Basic Qualifications
Requires a BS degree or equivalent experience and 5+ years of prior relevant experience. In lieu of a degree 8+ years of experience may be substituted.
Current or ability to obtain DoD 8570 baseline certification for IAM III within 6 months
Ability to obtain a DHS Suitability or EOD
Ability to learn and develop expertise with new technologies
Must be able to work well within a team environment and able to adapt quickly to change
Good writing and verbal presentation skills
Possess a minimum of a Secret Clearance and the ability to obtain TOP SECRET clearance with SCI eligibility

MtDX5yYq6t"	214	Washington
Systems Engineer III (FAA Systems Modernization) - Enterprise Systems & Data Analysis Research	CNA	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Waterfront area)	None	"CNA fosters an inclusive culture that values diverse backgrounds and perspectives. Our flexible and engaging work environment encourages iterative and creative collaboration at every stage of the problem solving process. Our employees are committed to helping clients develop effective solutions to better manage their programs through scientific, data-driven approaches.
We are looking for creative and innovative individuals to help carry out our mission.
PRIMARY PURPOSE
Conducts systems, data, and operations analysis, requirements and systems development analysis and design. Conducts independent scientific and technical investigations. Applies formal, established engineering and management principles to specifications and documentation of systems developed.
JOB DESCRIPTION AND/OR DUTIES
1. Conducts the definition and development of system requirements and documentation of the requirements in detailed specifications from which programs will be developed and/or procured, and from which hardware will be developed and/or procured. Manages the requirements change management process.
2. Formulates, defines, validates, and documents system scope and objectives, user requirements or stories, system use cases, business process workflows, enterprise architectures, system specifications and design based on user needs and specifications, research, and fact-finding.
3. Conducts stakeholder engagement sessions to elicit user needs, business architectures, processes, and gaps. Works with stakeholders to understand, characterize, model, analyze, and validate current and future business processes, data requirements, information flows, organizational relationships, and/or operational resources.
4. Applies standard research methodologies to gather, process, document, and analyze data. Uses relevant database software to effectively organize and present data and generate reports.
5. Conducts projects or pieces of larger projects. Maintains an understanding of project budgeting and financial tracking over the project lifecycle.
6. Devises or modifies specifications and procedures including: system design, requirements, verification, systems performance and capacity.
7. Designs conceptual and logical data models to be used in systems using UML and entity Relationship diagrams. Develops data dictionaries, schemas, data flows, and ontologies. Develops and executes data migration strategies.
8. Develops information management strategies and governance aligned with organizational mission needs.
9. Analyzes and revises existing system interfaces, dependencies and documentation as necessary. Recommends changes and solutions for software and system problems and deficiencies.
10. Conducts independent technical investigations in systems design or other systems engineering topics.
11. Works with software developers to provide guidance on development issues. Ensures user needs are accurately represented to system designers and developers.
12. Leads development of independent validation and verification plans and scenarios, following industry standards and traceability to user/system requirements.
13. Develops key relationships with the division or team's major client/sponsors.
14. Drafts reports, briefings, or other project deliverables.
JOB REQUIREMENTS
1. Education: Bachelor's degree in computer science, mathematics, operations research, or a related engineering field or equivalent combination of education and work experience.
2. Experience: Minimum of 5 years relevant work experience performing duties similar to those above in a Government contract environment or 7 years of generally related experience. Experience supporting Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) preferred.
3. Skills: Ability to participate in a wide variety of systems engineering disciplines including, but not limited to, safety risk management, reliability/maintainability/availability engineering, information systems security, risk management practices, earned value management, investment analysis, independent validation and verification, business analysis, and project definition, management, and control. Ability to construct effective briefings using MS PowerPoint and advanced skills with MS Word and Excel and other standard software packages. Ability to communicate information concisely, precisely, and in a grammatically correct manner in both oral and written communication. Ability to present and summarize data effectively. Exhibit a positive attitude in interactions with colleagues, clients/sponsors, and staff. Strong customer and client relations management skills supportive of success in attaining research and engineering objectives in an environment that include a wide variety of stakeholders with differing viewpoints and approaches to solving problems. Knowledge of and experience with system and software design processes, tools and techniques. Knowledge of and experience with system development and testing documentation and standards. Knowledge of and experience with data and information management analysis techniques and best practices. Knowledge of and experience with different system development life cycles, to include waterfall and agile methodologies. Ability to work with and provide directions to others. Excellent writing and verbal communication skills. Ability to lead technical project teams.

4. Other: Ability to obtain and maintain security clearance is required.

#CJ
CNA is committed to providing equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service and protected veterans, or other non-merit based factors. In addition to federal legal requirements, CNA complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. These protections extend to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting and hiring practices, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training and career development programs. For more information about EEO protections, please view the EEO is the law posters below: ""EEO is the Law"" Poster; ""EEO is the Law"" Poster Supplement. The pay transparency policy is available here: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Poster
To be considered for hire, all individuals applying for positions with CNA are subject to a background investigation. For positions requiring access to classified information, U.S. citizenship is required. Individuals will also be subject to an additional government background investigation, and continued employment eligibility is contingent upon the ability to obtain and maintain an active security clearance."	214	Washington
Senior Software Engineer	BOEING	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join one of it's Prime contracts team.
Duties will Include:
Work with a team of developers supporting a high-profile, mission-critical report authoring tool with thousands of users
Contribute to project planning, documentation, and new feature design through an Agile software process
Improve software and system architecture for improved reliability and efficiency and develop new features and bug fixes
Provide on-call, after-hours Tier III support on a rotating basis with other members of the team, and in coordination with organizations that provide Tier I and II support
Assist and mentor junior developers
Document and update data models, schemas, APIs, and other technical specifications as needed
General Requirements:
The Senior-level Software Engineer shall have at least the following experience:
At least ten (10) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution. The individual must be able to communicate directions and provide guidance to junior programmer/analysts, as required.
At least six (6) years’ experience developing software in an enterprise environment. At least four (4) years of this experience must have been obtained in the last seven (7) years. At least four (4) years developing software for Windows, UNIX or Linux OS and at least two (2) years of this experience must have been obtained within the last four (4) years.
Experienced with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Spring, or equivalents and object-oriented development experience.
Extensive experience in planning, accomplishing goals, complicated tasks and providing consultation on complex projects as a top-level contributor or specialist. Have a firm grasp of current development practices with a minimum of six (6) years of experience in programming and development of application software for complex systems, software testing, and experience developing solutions integrating and extending commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) products.
Have demonstrated technical writing skills and have generated at least five (5) documents in support of a software development project and experience designing and developing applications that contain a user-facing view component.
Additional Experience Desired:
SpringBoot
NodeJS
jQuery
MongoDB
Apache NiFi
Docker
HAProxy/NGNIX
Elastic Stack
Education Desired:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science will be considered equivalent to four (4) years’ experience.
BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)"	214	Washington
CNO Analyst/Programer III	Novetta	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success. Novetta is committed to cultivating a diverse, inclusive workplace culture, embracing our differences and perspectives to build a stronger, more successful company.

Job Description:
The CNO developer will design custom software for CNO tools and techniques on Windows, Unix, or Mobile platforms. They will work closely with customers to understand ever-changing requirements and develop documentation pertinent to operating and supporting developed software and techniques. Along with this, they will be tasking with the mentorship of junior-level developers to solve real-time cyber challenges.

Responsibilities include for Level 3:
Strong experience programming in C or C++
Strong experience programming in Python
Must have strong Windows, Unix development or Mobile background
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Serve as team lead at the level appropriate to the software development process being used on any particular project
Design or implement complex database or data repository interfaces/queries
Assist with developing and executing test procedures for software components
Develop software solutions by analyzing system performance standards, confer with users or system engineers; analyze systems flow, data usage and work processes; and investigate problem areas
Design, develop and modify software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design
Design or implement complex algorithms requiring adherence to strict timing, system resource, or interface constraints; Perform quality control on team products
Implement recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards
Oversee one or more software development teams and ensure the work is completed in accordance with the constraints of the software development process being used on any particular project
Confer with system engineers and hardware engineers to derive software requirements and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces
Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure operational specifications are met
Recommend new technologies and processes for complex software projects
Serve as the technical lead of multiple software development teams
Select the software development process in coordination with the customer and system engineering
Delegate programming and testing responsibilities to one or more teams and monitor their performance

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required

T en (10) years experience with C programming

Five (5)+ years experience with advance debugging on Windows and Linux systems

Experience with Windows and Linux API's (POSIX, win32, win native)

Experience developing custom network protocols

Experience with socket programming on Windows and Linux

Familiarity analyzing x86 and x86_64 assembly

Additional Requirements:
TS/SCI clearance with poly

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,300 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:
Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality, and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.

For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law."	214	Washington
Cloud ISSE	TENICA and Associates LLC	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Cloud ISSE

Position Description:

The Cloud Information Systems Security Engineer provides support to the customer in the area of Cyber Security. Daily Tasks include, but are not limited to:
Provides analytical and technical security recommendations to the customer
Lead for the identification of projects’ security requirements
Provides security recommendations for systems using Cloud services
Participates in network design reviews and security testing for the customer’s networks
Coordinates with system development teams to ensure network security standards are being followed and implemented correctly
Identifies additional security requirements, based on RMF or as the result of security issues that put the customer’s systems at risk
Reviews and analyzes new systems (hardware and software) and provides recommendations concerning their security
Reviews Security Requirements Traceability Matrixes (SRTMs), System Security Plans (SSPs) and other IA documentation for completeness


Required Qualifications:

Current U.S. Government Top Secret/SCI with Poly
An Advanced Cyber Certification (DoD 8570/8140 IAT Level III)
A certification in one of the below Cloud certifications:
CompTIA Secure Cloud Professional (CSCP)
CompTIA Cloud+ CE
AWS certification (Associate or Professional in Solutions Architect, Developer, DevOps Engineer, or Security Advanced Networking)
Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP)
Cloud Certified Professional
Google Certified Professional Cloud Architect
Certificate of Cloud Security Knowledge
VMWare Certified Advanced Professional – Cloud Infrastructure Administration
Microsoft Specialist: Implementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions
Microsoft Specialist Architecting Microsoft Azure Solutions
At least 3 year of demonstrated experience providing security engineering to cloud capabilities and solutions in AWS, Azure or other mainstream CSP
Excellent communications skills – Verbal and Non-Verbal
Demonstrated expertise and experience in networking protocols and concepts
Demonstrated knowledge and experience in software defined networking principles and technologies
Demonstrated experience providing security engineering support to capability migration from on-prem to cloud
Demonstrated knowledge and experience in the NIST RMF
Demonstrated expertise and experience in cybersecurity principles
Demonstrated experience with Unix/Linux and Windows operating systems


Desired Qualifications:
Demonstrated cloud architecting experience (e.g. AWS Solutions Architect)
Systems Engineering (configuration management, requirements management/writing, architecture, interfaces)
Knowledgeable of customer’s infrastructure
Familiarity with customer’s IA processes
Bachelors of Science Degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM)
Self-starter requiring limited direction and supervision
Experience briefing senior customer personnel
Ability to organize and prioritize numerous customer requests in a fast pace deadline driven environment
Experience with IA vulnerability testing and related network and system test tools (i.e. retina, HBSS, EVSS, ACAS)
Experience with XACTA
Familiarity with Enterprise Cross Domain Solutions (ECDS)
Experience supporting IC or DoD in the Cyber Security Domain"	214	Washington
Java Application Developer	CTEC	Springfield, VA	None	"Cybermedia Technologies (CTEC) www.ctec-corp.com is a CMMI Level III company that has provided technology and management solutions to commercial and government clients across the USA for 22 years. We are currently looking for a Java Application Developer to join our team.


Duties and Responsibilities:

Serve as an Agile Scrum team member providing software development and maintenance for the delivery of releasable software in short sprint cycles. Responsible for activities associated with delivery of software solutions associated with customer-defined systems and software projects by working in close collaboration with software developers/engineers, stakeholders, and end users within Agile processes. Responsible for:

Designing, developing and implementing custom software and database application capabilities for a variety of legacy and modernized systems with limited oversight
Acting as a member of a product team supporting teammates and collaborating with a do what it takes attitude to ensure product and team success
Providing improvements to the product(s) being supported
Actively participate in release and sprint planning, artifact creation, sprint testing, regression testing, demonstrations and retrospectives and solution releases
Supporting release planning with conceptual design and development / refinement of software engineering guidelines
Analyzing complex project-related problems and creating innovative solutions involving, scheduling, technology, methodology, tools and solution components
Ensuring product quality and timeliness of work, providing advice and guidance, resolving problems to meet objectives, and providing periodic performance reports
Providing mentoring to junior members of the team


Work Experience:

Professional Experience: at least seven (7) years related technical experience, with software design, development and implementation in a Windows Environment
Experience with Java; Familiarity with any of the following: Hibernate (or other ORM), JAX-RS, JavaScript, XML, JSON, Web-Services (JAX-WS or JAX-RS), JBoss, Eclipse, maven, junit, and shell scripting
Object oriented design and development (OODD) expertise, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Communicating OODD and SOA principles and best practices
Working on unusually complicated problems and providing solutions that are highly creative and ingenious, exhibiting ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness
Acting independently to expose and resolve problems
Experience with source code control systems and concurrent development workflows (Git preferred)
Experience using SQL or PL/SQL to access Oracle, MySQL, or SQL Server databases
Experience with data base design
Ability to apply estimation techniques to software development efforts
Working knowledge of and ability to assist others in the use of software engineering tools to support process improvement
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong collaboration skills and desire to work within a team
Understanding of all elements of the software development life cycle, including planning, development, requirements management, CM, quality assurance, and release management
Highly responsible, team-oriented individual with very strong work ethic and a self-starter
Hibernate-5
SpringFrameWork-5
Telerik

Education/Certification:

College degree (B.S.) in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Management Systems or a related discipline. Equivalent professional experience will be considered in lieu of degree


Clearance Requirements:

Secret Clearance


The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Cybermedia Technologies management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position.

Please note: Candidate(s) will be required to go through pre-employment screening.

Cybermedia Technologies, Inc. is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer! (EOE; M/F/D/V)"	214	Washington
Web Developer	ManTech International Corporation	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future
Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International , you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Web Developer to provide unparalleled support for the Information Systems Division (TC) within the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) in Sterling, VA.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Develop, code, test, and debug new software or enhancements to existing software.
Work with technical staff to understand and resolve software problems, resolve customer complaints with software, and respond to suggestions for software modifications or enhancements.
May be involved in the development of software user manuals and demonstrate software.
Develop custom programs for web sites, which will attract and are appealing to users.
Create Web front-end user interface to new or existing databases using a combination of HTML, SQL, C, VB or other languages to make business applications accessible.
Required Qualifications :
4+ years of relevant experience
BS/BA degree OR 4 years of additional experience in lieu of degree
IAT Level III certification.
Clearance Requirements:
Active Secret Clearance
Physical Requirements:
Stationary work at an office desk setting 50% of time
Traversing to accomplish tasks by moving from one work site to another or between different floors in a building
Communicating with others to exchange information
Ability to perceive and assess employee productivty
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information."	214	Washington
Software Engineer I (JAVA Software Engineer)	Marq Solutions, LLC	Fort Meade, MD 20755	None	Software Engineer I (JAVA Software Engineer) Active TS/SCI & Poly Full Time Software Engineer ILocation: Ft Meade, MDRequisition ID: Marq-21Job Description: Junior Software Developer working on the Middleware III program in support of the Corporate Reusable Software team (JBlocks).The Software Engineer develops, maintains, and enhances complex and diverse software systems based upon documented requirements. Works individually or as part of a team. Resolves software problem reports and utilizes software development and software design methodologies appropriate to the development environment and provides specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, use of COTS/ GOTS in place of new development, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components.Must be able to work well within a team environment, be organized, be able to multi-task, and be able to adapt quickly to new requests and react to unexpected results. Must be able to work with minimal supervisionTo qualify, candidate must also meet these basic qualifications: TS/SCI with Full Scope PolyBachelor’s Degree or higher in computer engineering or in a field related to the computer engineering or computer science disciplines3 years of Software Engineering experience. An additional 4 years of Software Engineering experience may be substituted for the degree for a total of 7 years.Nice-to-have-Skills: *Proficiency in Java and J2EE programmingDemonstrated knowledge of distributed revision control systems.Strong understanding of object-oriented programming theory and best practices for modularization and decoupling of complex processes.Familiarity with coding and documentation standards and best practices.Experience implementing multi-threaded applications and with the optimization of complex processes and data structuresExperience creating and running docker containersExperience with UML diagrams and/or other methods of expressing the implementation and operation of softwareFamiliarity with the CAPCO Register and Manual, and generally with data security policies as they apply to classified environmentsExperience with the various JBlocks libraries, with PKI certificates, and with CASPORTExperience with community-based common data marking formats*Marq Solution is actively and historically in support of, and commitment to the principles of diversity and equal employment opportunity. It is Marq Solutions’ policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote individuals, without regard to race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, veteran status or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal or state law. Marq Solutions will not tolerate unlawful discrimination and any such conduct is prohibited. Marq Solutions is committed to ensuring that Marq Solutions’ workforce and volunteers reflect America’s diverse population. Marq Solutions knows that such diversity will enrich the company with the talent, energy, perspective, and inspiration we need to achieve our mission.Job Type: Full-timePay: $1.00 - $200,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:As per the Agency's current Covid-19 guidelines.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Software Engineering: 3 years (Required)Security Clearance:Top Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	214	Washington
Windows Kernel Developer	Arsiem Corporation	Laurel, MD	None	"Job Title: Windows Kernel Developer
Labor Category: CAP3-4
Location: Laurel, MD
Clearance: TS/SCI FS with Polygraph

About ARSIEM Corporation
At ARSIEM Corporation we are committed to fostering a proven and trusted partnership to our government clients. ARSIEM has an experienced workforce of qualified professionals committed to providing the best possible support.

As demand increases, ARSIEM Corporation continues to provide reliable and cutting-edge technical solutions at the best value to our clients. That means a career packed with opportunities to grow and the ability to have an impact on every client you work with.

ARSIEM provides support to multiple agencies across the United States Government. That means a career packed with opportunities to grow and the ability to have impact to every person you interact with.

Overview
ARSIEM is currently looking for a Windows Kernel Developer. The position will support one of our Government clients in Laurel, MD.

What you will do
Research
Develop windows kernel drivers
Complex testing
CNO Analyst/Programmer III
Actively participate and direct the design and development of end-to-end data flow and tasking for CNO tools developed as prescribed by the Government
Lead CNO Analyst/Programmers in daily tasks
Setup and configure version control software (i.e. Subversion, CVS, etc.)
Debug software and troubleshoot issues
Create and brief technical presentations
What you will have
Research and development experience with creating windows kernel drivers
Extensive experience with WinDBG and Visual Studio
Strong C and Python development experience
Demonstrated ability to self-drive research tasking
Motivated to learn complex systems
Will work with a team of seasoned researchers and developers
CNO Analyst/Programmer III
Bachelor's degree and six (6) years' experience OR minimum ten (10) years' experience in computer science, information systems, or network engineering
Minimum eight (8) years' experience programming in Assembly, C, C++, Java, Perl, or Python
Minimum seven (7) years' experience developing in one (1) or more of the following:
Windows applications using Visual Studio or .NET environments
UNIX applications using make files or comparable build environments
Minimum six (6) years' experience with programming CNO tools and techniques
Minimum five (5) years' experience managing and supervising teams in support of Government CNO capability development
Minimum five (5) years' experience with programming CNO tools for the US Government
Minimum four (4) years' experience programming techniques to evade host and or network-based intrusion detection systems
Minimum four (4) years' experience in network sockets programming developing packet-level programs: expert packet-level understanding of IP, TCP, and application-level protocols
Expert ability in UNIX kernel internals and/or low-level Windows internals:
OS runtime linker/loader
Object file formats (e.g. PE, COFF, ELF)
File system internals (e.g. NTFS, ext2, btrfs)
OS-specific mandatory and discretionary access control mechanisms
Process and thread APIs and data structures.
You will be
Detail-oriented
Self-motivated
Team-oriented
*** CANDIDATE REFERRAL: Do you know someone who would be GREAT at this role? If you do, ARSIEM has a way for you to earn a bonus through our referral program for persons presenting NEW (not in our resume database) candidates who are successfully placed on one of our projects. The bonus for this position is $10,000, and the referrer is eligible to receive the sum for any applicant we place within 12 months of referral. The bonus is paid after the referred employee reaches 6 months of employment.***"	214	Washington
IT Senior Systems Administrator	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:

This position serves as Senior IT System Administrator within the eDiscovery IT support program. This position supports high-availability Discovery platforms, integration of these systems with other enterprise systems, tier II/III user support as well as daily, weekly and monthly Operation and Maintenance tasks. O&M tasks include but are not limited to OS and Application level security patching, monitoring and testing system performance, issue resolution and working with vendors and developers to implement fixes. As a SME of these systems, the candidate will be required to perform user trainings and develop/maintain standard operating procedures of these systems and processes. The candidate will be a part of a dynamic and agile engineering team that routinely engages with the client to ensure the systems are exceeding the mission need and participate in working groups to enhance existing processes and/or incorporate new process as needed. Additionally, this position supports special projects to monitor industry changes and next generation technologies in the areas of eDiscovery and data management that will maintain and promote the IT portfolio of the primary client.
Qualifications:

To be considered for this position, the candidate must:
Active Top-Secret Clearance with SCI eligibilty or higher designation
5 years of work related experince
Enterprise-Level System Administrator support (or equivalent)
Preferred Experience & Training:
At least 5 years of general Tier-2 or higher Technical Support and User Support experience, with previous experience working in a Tier-3 or higher technical specialist capacity providing enterprise level system administrator support. Strong oral and written communication skills to bridge business and technical communities.
Experienced administrator of Windows Server Architecture with knowledge of VMWare, relational databases, MySQL and/or SQL Server 2012 or higher.
Comprehensive knowledge of NAS/ SAN storage, networking and email protocols, web applications (web server administration, html, etc.) and related infrastructure.
Experience helping and training customers to understand the features and benefits the products and work systematically through hardware and software problems.
Knowledge and experience with creating and maintaining Knowledge Management database, Veritas Clearwell eDiscovery Platform and Enterprise Vault, SharePoint, MS Project and Visio.
Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse:
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits:
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive"	214	Washington
Information Systems Security Engineer (ISSE)	CALIBRE Systems, Inc.	Alexandria, VA 22310	None	"Category
Information Technology

Job Location
Alexandria, VA

Tracking Code
CMIT 3862-585

Position Type
Full-Time/Regular

CALIBRE Systems Inc., an employee-owned Management Consulting and Digital Transformation company, seeks an Information Systems Security Engineer (ISSE) to perform and/or review the technical security assessments of computing environments. The assessments will be used to identify points of vulnerability, non-compliance with established Information Assurance (IA) standards and regulations, and recommend mitigation strategies. The ISSE will validate and verify system security requirements definitions and analyses and establish system security designs. They will design, develop, implement, and/or integrate IA and security systems and system components. These will include those for networking, computing, and enclave environments, those with multiple enclaves, and those with differing data protection/classification requirements. The ISSE will build IA into systems deployed to operational environments. They will assist architects and systems developers in the identification and implementation of appropriate information security functionality to ensure uniform application of Agency security policy and enterprise solutions. They will support the building of security architectures and enforce the design and implementation of trusted relations among external systems and architectures. The ISSE will assess and mitigate system security threats/risks throughout the program life cycle, and contribute to the security planning, assessment, risk analysis, risk management, certification, and awareness activities for system and networking operations. They will reviews assessment and accreditation (A&A) documentation and provide feedback on completeness and compliance of its content.


The ISSE will apply system security engineering expertise in one or more of the following:


System security design process
Engineering life cycle
Information domain
Cross-domain solutions
Commercial off-the-shelf and government off-the-shelf cryptography
Identification, authentication, and authorization
System integration
Risk management
Intrusion detection; contingency planning
Incident handling
Configuration control
Change management
Auditing
Certification and accreditation process
Principles of IA (confidentiality, integrity, non-repudiation, availability, and access control)
Security testing


The ISSE will support security authorization activities in compliance with DoD Risk Management Framework (RMF), the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Risk Management process. This position will work hand-in-hand with the customer team as well as external teammates across all program security functions. The successful candidate will be responsible for implementing and/or managing the following:


Develop and enforce a formal IA/Cs security and training program.
Enforce IAVM dissemination, reporting, compliance, and verification procedures as described in CJCSM 6510.01 and related guidance.
Report security violations and incidents to the servicing RCERT in accordance with prescribed Incident and Intrusion Reporting procedures.
Conduct security inspections, assessments, tests, and reviews.
Manage IASO’s/ISSO’s, as required, to establish the scope of responsibilities and the technical and security training requirements.
Conduct FISMA annual reviews of all IS’s and networks to ensure no security changes have been made to invalidate the A&A.
Negotiate A&A issues with the AO, or designated representative, for incoming systems and make recommendations to the host data facility on additional protection mechanisms necessary prior to operation of the incoming IS’s.
Maintain training and certification records for IA/Cs personnel and user IA/Cs awareness training records.
Ensure the use of approved procedures for clearing, purging, reusing, and releasing system memory, media, output, and devices.
Review all IA/Cs A&A support documentation packages and system fielding, operations, or upgrade requirements to ensure accuracy and completeness, and that they meet minimal risk acceptance standards.
Maintain a repository for all systems A&A documentation and modifications, version control, and management of GOTS, COTS, and non-developmental items (NDI’s) for organization or site. Identify data ownership (including accountability, access, and special handling requirements) for each IS or network within their authority.
Verify that all IS’s within the scope of responsibility are properly assessed and authorized in accordance with the RMF and CM policies and practices before operating or authorizing the use of hardware and software on an IS or network.
Serve as a member of an applicable CCB.
Ensure that IA/Cs personnel are maintaining and auditing access and log data.
Assist the Program ISSM (P-ISSM) as required to identify and validate IA/C's resource requirements.
Provide input to the P-ISSM for management controls.
Achieve and maintain DoD 8570.01-M, IAM Level III, or Federal equivalent certification as required.


Required Skills

Active DoD SECRET security clearance.
Experience providing technical expertise on computer network design, implementation, and accreditation.
Experience providing oversight and coordination for multiple contractors supporting program objectives.
Expertise in certification and accreditation.
Expertise in NIST 800-53 policies and implementations.
Direct ISSO and/or ISSE experience working with accreditations - Experience interacting with program ISSM staff.
Above average oral and written communication skills.
Leadership in the Information Assurance Security Officer (IASO) V/Information System Security Manager (ISSM) role.


Required Experience

DoD 8570.01-M, IAM Level III, or Federal equivalent certification.
Bachelor’s degree or 10 to 15 years of equivalent professional experience in lieu of degree.
CISSP certification.

CALIBRE and its subsidiaries are an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports transitioning service members, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We offer a competitive salary and full benefits package. To be considered, please apply via our website at www.calibresys.com. Come join our dynamic team. #CALIBRECareers"	214	Washington
Remote Secret ISSE	Insight Global	Alexandria, VA 22311 (Alexandria West End area)	None	"JOB DESCRIPTION
Our customer is searching for an Information Security Engineer (ISSE) to perform and/or review the technical security assessments of computing environments. The assessments will be used to identify points of vulnerability, non-compliance with established Information Assurance (IA) standards and regulations, and recommend mitigation strategies. The ISSE will validate and verify system security requirements definitions and analyses and establish system security designs. They will design, develop, implement, and/or integrate IA and security systems and system components. These will include those for networking, computing, and enclave environments, those with multiple enclaves, and those with differing data protection/classification requirements. The ISSE will build IA into systems deployed to operational environments. They will assist architects and systems developers in the identification and implementation of appropriate information security functionality to ensure uniform application of Agency security policy and enterprise solutions. They will support the building of security architectures and enforce the design and implementation of trusted relations among external systems and architectures. The ISSE will assess and mitigate system security threats/risks throughout the program life cycle, and contribute to the security planning, assessment, risk analysis, risk management, certification, and awareness activities for system and networking operations. They will reviews assessment and accreditation (A&A) documentation and provide feedback on completeness and compliance of its content.


MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
The ISSE will apply system security engineering expertise in one or more of the following:

System security design processEngineering life cycleInformation domainCross-domain solutionsCommercial off-the-shelf and government off-the-shelf cryptographyIdentification, authentication, and authorizationSystem integrationRisk managementIntrusion detection; contingency planningIncident handlingConfiguration controlChange managementAuditingCertification and accreditation processPrinciples of IA (confidentiality, integrity, non-repudiation, availability, and access control)Security testing

The ISSE will support security authorization activities in compliance with DoD Risk Management Framework (RMF), the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Risk Management process. This position will work hand-in-hand with the customer team as well as external teammates across all program security functions. The successful candidate will be responsible for implementing and/or managing the following:


Develop and enforce a formal IA/Cs security and training program.Enforce IAVM dissemination, reporting, compliance, and verification procedures as described in CJCSM 6510.01 and related guidance.Report security violations and incidents to the servicing RCERT in accordance with prescribed Incident and Intrusion Reporting procedures.Conduct security inspections, assessments, tests, and reviews.Manage IASO’s/ISSO’s, as required, to establish the scope of responsibilities and the technical and security training requirements.Conduct FISMA annual reviews of all IS’s and networks to ensure no security changes have been made to invalidate the A&A.Negotiate A&A issues with the AO, or designated representative, for incoming systems and make recommendations to the host data facility on additional protection mechanisms necessary prior to operation of the incoming IS’s.Maintain training and certification records for IA/Cs personnel and user IA/Cs awareness training records.Ensure the use of approved procedures for clearing, purging, reusing, and releasing system memory, media, output, and devices.Review all IA/Cs A&A support documentation packages and system fielding, operations, or upgrade requirements to ensure accuracy and completeness, and that they meet minimal risk acceptance standards.Maintain a repository for all systems A&A documentation and modifications, version control, and management of GOTS, COTS, and non-developmental items (NDI’s) for organization or site. Identify data ownership (including accountability, access, and special handling requirements) for each IS or network within their authority.Verify that all IS’s within the scope of responsibility are properly assessed and authorized in accordance with the RMF and CM policies and practices before operating or authorizing the use of hardware and software on an IS or network.Serve as a member of an applicable CCB.Ensure that IA/Cs personnel are maintaining and auditing access and log data.Assist the Program ISSM (P-ISSM) as required to identify and validate IA/C's resource requirements.Provide input to the P-ISSM for management controls.Achieve and maintain DoD 8570.01-M, IAM Level III, or Federal equivalent certification as required.
Required Skills:

Active DoD SECRET security clearance.Experience providing technical expertise on computer network design, implementation, and accreditation.Experience providing oversight and coordination for multiple contractors supporting program objectives.Expertise in certification and accreditation.Expertise in NIST 800-53 policies and implementations.Direct ISSO and/or ISSE experience working with accreditations - Experience interacting with program ISSM staff.Above average oral and written communication skills.Leadership in the Information Assurance Security Officer (IASO) V/Information System Security Manager (ISSM) role."	214	Washington
