job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
IT Project Manager (Cerner Revenue Cycle Team)	Mission Consulting and Services	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	$139,000 - $149,000 a year	Supporting the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program -- plans for the integration and deployment of 10 major Revenue Cylce packages. Integrates and schedules efforts with local deployment teams. Logs and tracks Requirements. Participates and develops products for the Governance boards.Minimum qualifications:Minimum of 10 years of experience. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirementsMust be well versed in lifecycle and project management methodologiesExperience managing Information Technology related projectsExperience in tracking costs, schedule, and performance progressAble to translate solution workflow risk analysis to user functional validation prioritiesExperience monitoring solution defect findings and resolutionProficient in triaging user requirements against solution design and development roadmapBachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific /technical disciplinePreferred qualifications:Experience with the Department of Veterans AffairsExperience with Cerner Revenue Cycle solution suiteJob Type: Full-timePay: $139,000.00 - $149,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Cerner: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One location	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager	Telecommunications Development Corp.	Washington, DC 20009 (Shaw area)	From $100,000 a year	TDC has an immediate need for an IT Project Manager with telcom and radio experience. This Project Manager will be responsible for: Coordinating telecommunication systems and radio installation projectsProject management and leading several teams through different IT objectives that include but are not limited to audio visual software and hardware installation, radio and cell tower installation, vender management, etc.Some on site surveying to evaluate the location and its IT infrastructure for better suitability. The field engineer handovers the blueprint of a given area to the telecom manager for a further decision.Hardware Installation: the project manager takes care of the further installation process in association with the team towards its successful applicable hardware set-up. Test the entire set up as outlined by the requirements of the client to ensure that all device is functional and to assure maximum quality. Requirements8+ years of Project Management experience5+ years of IT Experience5+ years of radio and telcom experienceBachelor's degree in related field.The position is based in the Washington, DC and may require limited travel to client sites. The work will start remote for now until we are cleared to return to the office. Please submit your resume and contact information.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: From $100,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may apply	11322	Washington
Assistant Director, IT Services	University of Maryland	College Park, MD 20742	None	"Vaccine Protocol
The University of Maryland has made the safety of our students, faculty and staff, and our surrounding communities a top priority. As part of that commitment, the University System of Maryland (USM) recently announced that students, faculty, and staff on USM campuses this fall, including UMD, are required to be vaccinated against COVID. As a prospective and/or a new employee at UMD, you will be required to comply with the University’s vaccination protocol. Proof of full vaccination will be required before the start of employment in order to work at any University of Maryland location. Prospective or new employees may seek a medical or religious exemption to the vaccination requirement at return.umd.edu and must have an approved exemption prior to the start of their employment."	11322	Washington
IT Support & Project Specialist	Virginia General District Courts	Fairfax County, VA	$50,022 a year	"Under the general supervision of the IT Projects Manager, this position provides IT support at various levels, including front-line technical support of software and hardware; testing, installation and configuration of new and updated software and hardware; maintenance and support of the Fairfax County GDC website; assisting with the planning and implementation of new technology initiatives; and performance of related work as assigned by management.

This position offers a competitive benefits package, which includes vacation and sick leave, 12 paid holidays, health insurance, retirement, life insurance, deferred compensation and short- and long-term disability.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

The IT Support and Project Specialist backs up and assists the IT Projects Manager for a large, high-volume, limited jurisdiction state court. This position assists GDC employees with the routine use of data applications and case management systems; performs password and other various levels of security support on all network systems; troubleshoots network, application and peripheral equipment problems; provides technology support in courtrooms; assists with loading and testing computer software and management of all IT inventory; supports members of the public with certain applications as appropriate; and supports all IT administrative duties of the Fairfax County GDC website. This position also supports the design, development, testing, and implementation of new and upgraded Fairfax County, Commonwealth, and third-party applications which improve automation, digitization, and case management in the court.

Other duties include providing new users with case management and security protocol training; providing help desk support for the court’s users and directing appropriate inquiries to the Fairfax County Court Technology Office; notifying users of unanticipated computer and application down time; checking for computer viruses using appropriate software; and assisting public with applications on the public terminals. This position also assists the IT Project Manager and other supervisors with general court related projects. May be required to work during non-traditional business hours on occasion.

Minimum Qualifications
Any combination of education, experience, and training equivalent to the following: graduation from an accredited two-year college with an associate’s degree in IT or related field (degree preferred, not required) and/or two years of related professional work experience in such areas as business, court, or public administration. Ability to communicate technical ideas clearly and effectively both orally and in writing. Ability to perform personal computer and network troubleshooting, both on software and hardware. Proficiency in the latest Microsoft Windows operating systems and PC applications, such as Word, Outlook, Excel, and PowerPoint required.

Preferred Qualifications

Special Requirements
All employees receive a 15% county salary supplement in addition to the state salary.

Applicants must pass a criminal background check in order to be considered for employment and may be asked to take relevant pre-employment tests.

Special Instructions to Applicants
A resume and cover letter are required. Applicants must apply online; we do not accept documents via mail or email. Only interviewed applicants will be notified of the filling of the position. No phone calls or e-mails regarding application status.

The Virginia Judicial System is an equal opportunity employer, committed to diversity in the workplace. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or disability. Applicants who need accommodations for an interview should request this in advance by emailing humanresources@vacourts.gov. All candidates are subject to a criminal history background check before being offered employment.

Name Jewel Jefferson

Phone NO PHONE CALLS OR E-MAILS REGARDING APPLICATION STATUS.

Fax

Email We do not accept documents via mail or email; you must apply online in order to be considered. jjefferson@vacourts.gov

Address"	11322	Washington
Project Manager	Enovational	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$80,000 - $130,000 a year	Enovational Corp is a fast growing technology startup building web and mobile applications. We specialize in delivering award-winning user experiences paired with solid technology, as both client solutions and our own consumer products. And we believe our successes come from our teamwork and mutual respect for each other’s talents and unique perspectives.*So when we say we are looking for a Project Manager, yes, we want someone who is eloquent, well organized, empathetic with exceptional skills in time management, prioritization, communication, coaching, and relationship building. We also need another team member who will do what it takes to help us deliver successful projects and maintain a great company culture.What you might do on any given day:Identify the approach for a given project including defining roles, stakeholder involvement, risks, dependencies, deliverables, review and approval processes, and anticipated milestone dates, adjusting throughout the course of the project.Work with stakeholders and subject matter experts on the client side, as well as internal team members, to understand, document and manage the scope of work for a given project.Develop and maintain project governance and project management documentation, such as project plans, schedules, communications plans, risk registers, status updates, critical paths, etc.Collaborate with our internal team to conduct work breakdowns, identify necessary resources, and collect estimates regarding time and complexity of tasks.Coordinate task execution and provide appropriate coaching, direction and delegation to project team members.Manage client expectations around timelines, deliverables, and scope of work with sophistication to set up both clients and internal teams for success.Plan, write, and oversee all client communications, including providing timely and accurate status updates.Monitor delivery progress and determine if teams have the velocity, skills, and tools to execute work according to the current project plan, and continuously assess the need to change tactics or supplement personnel.We think you’ll enjoy working with our team if you:Have outstanding organization, time management and prioritization skills, and are good at handling multiple initiatives and work streams at once.Enjoy taking the lead, managing up, and respectfully guiding clients and team members to reasonable expectations that set them up for success.Are comfortable dealing with clients coming from diverse backgrounds and experiences, and finding common ground.See difficult situations, conflicts, and criticisms as an opportunity to apply your problem-solving skills and find positive outcomes for all parties involved.Like to listen to people and analyze what they’re saying, and don't feel the need to push your own message or agenda.Love working with creatives and technical staff and bringing order to all the ideas so they see fruition.Are genuinely passionate about what you do. You are a perpetual learner and excited to experiment with new tools, processes, formats, methods, and ideas.Can work quickly and deftly to understand what the current moment or situation needs, and are able to then respond appropriately with a document, email or meeting that pushes the effort forward.Take initiative, aren’t afraid to fail, ask thoughtful questions, and constantly seek better ways of working and communicating.Have a positive yet practical attitude. You are willing to take on any task that might help take one of our projects a little further.This position might not be for you if you:Don’t like to be the one to keep track of the bigger picture or the details.Struggle to stay organized, identify the steps to get to a bigger goal, or outline a necessary sequence of activities.Would prefer to avoid a difficult situation or conflict with clients or teams rather than having an honest and compassionate conversation to find a positive resolution.Are not comfortable with both providing and receiving feedback, direction, coaching, or task delegation.Prefer to determine what’s right for the client or team on your own, without taking their input or feedback into account.Are looking for a team to execute your personal vision, process, and ideas rather than using a collaborative and adaptive approach, relying on your team members capabilities and recommendations.Are not comfortable showing unfinished work to peers, users, or clients and continuously collecting feedback on approach or work product during your process.Prefer owning a project individually rather than working collaboratively.Aren't comfortable working directly with clients and users, and not willing to travel to Maryland or D.C. to meet with them in person.Work better in structured environments or have trouble with ambiguity and uncertainty.If you’re interested in applying:Candidates for this position will have at least a bachelor’s degree in business administration, social sciences or technology, though we will consider other areas of study or equivalent work experience. Our ideal candidate has earned a PMP, CMP or other comparable industry certification, and has at least two years of experience in agile project management or consulting. We’re a growing company and care very much about creating an amazing work environment with great growth opportunities, and hope that you’ll join us early on and help shape a bright and exciting future for our ambitious company.To apply, go to the Project Manager job posting on Enovational.com/careers and submit:Your resumeA cover letter describing one or more large projects you’ve had to manage, and how your contribution helped make those projects a success, or simply why you’re interested in this position*Job Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $130,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) MatchingDental InsuranceDisability InsuranceFlexible ScheduleHealth InsuranceLife InsurancePaid Time OffParental LeaveProfessional Development AssistanceReferral ProgramVision InsuranceSchedule:8 Hour ShiftDay ShiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus PayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeCompany's website:enovational.comCompany's Facebook page:www.facebook.com/enovational/Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
Data Analyst/Project Manager	Livetech, LLC	Washington, DC	Up to $90,000 a year	Data Analyst/Project Manager SummaryLivetech, LLC is a Raleigh, NC based experiential learning agency that specializes in curriculum development, event marketing and eLearning for adults 50+. Livetech partners with brands/clients that want to reach the 50+ demographic with education programming, products or services.Our client, one of the leading champions for the 50+ community, is currently looking for a Data Analyst/Project Manager, with experience from for profit, non-profit, governmental or non-governmental organization(s) focused on education and informing others and/or improvement of delivery services, projects/products.Position SummaryOur client connects their members and consumers to engaging learning opportunities that offer them the information they need, where and when they need it. They strive to create scalable, local and nationwide virtual and in-person programs and events, and have developed innovative solutions that meet the individual needs of adult learners with meaningful, high quality experiences with strong reported outcomes.The Data Analyst/Project Manager will provide project management support for the client’s departmental operations, Medicare education program execution and other special projects as needed. This position will also support telling cohesive stories of impact of the programs using data and providing various analysis (e.g. scalability of programs, progress towards outcome metrics, integration through other priorities, channels, processes, platforms, etc.).ResponsibilitiesThis position provides project management support, executes tactics/tasks and packages key findings from key data sources. The key to this position is the ability to provide direct and ongoing support to track all projects in a cohesive manner using a project management (PM) tool and to be analytical and comfortable with leveraging data.Some of the responsibilities of this role include, but are not limited to:Creating and managing a PM tool that brings all relevant operations and implementation scope, outcome, timeline, decisions, progress, risks, interdependencies, escalation points, owner, key stakeholders of each projectSupporting the lead client with reminding each project owner and involved parties of key deliverables and deadlines and with capturing opportunity areasCoordinating with various stakeholders on data and analysis related projects and help the team leadership with integrating the data, analysis and insights in telling their stories to internal stakeholders and leadershipDesired Education, Work Experience and CompetenciesThe candidate for this role will have:Obtained an associate’s or bachelor’s degree in business, operations, communications or other related fieldA minimum of five (5) years of professional office experience, preferably related to developing, integrating, coordinating and implementing high impact initiatives, projects or in support of social programsStrong knowledge of project management principles (PMP ideal but not required)Strong organizational skills, detail oriented with an analytical capability; skilled at working with and deriving insights from large data setsExcellent communications, presentation and interpersonal skillsDesired Education, Work Experience and Competencies cont.Ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment, while working independently and collaborativelyTalent for gaining respect and building consensus among stakeholders at various levelsLocationThe candidate for this role is preferred to be based in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, but remote options will be considered based on experience.Job Type: Full-timePay: Up to $90,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Health insuranceHealth savings accountSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Associate (Preferred)Experience:Microsoft Office: 5 years (Preferred)Project Management: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	11322	Washington
Administrative / Project Assistant	Enovational	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$35,000 - $70,000 a year	Enovational Corp is a fast growing technology startup building web and mobile applications. We specialize in delivering award-winning user experiences paired with solid technology, as both client solutions and our own consumer products. We believe our successes come from our teamwork and mutual respect for each other’s talents and unique perspectives.So when we say we are looking for an Administrative / Project Assistant, yes, we do need someone who can provide support for one or more of our Product Managers, but what we’re looking for is another team member who is versatile enough to help with—and grow in—a number of different professional disciplines and will do what it takes to help us shape amazing products.What you might do on any given day: Learn to assist the Product Managers in translating ideas and requirements into user stories that will guide our development team in not only what to build, but also provide context as to who will be using the various features and whyAssist in the creation and maintenance of deliverables for internal technical teams and clients, such as user stories, product roadmaps, and training documentationInterface with clients and end-users to support the Product Managers in identifying challenges and opportunities for improvement in existing processes and solutionsReview and analyze documents from clients to produce findings and present to the teamCollaborate with Product Managers by monitoring communications and emails from internal and external personnelParticipate in testing efforts by experiencing the product the way a user would and providing feedback and communicating errors to the technical teamManage necessary logistics for conference calls, meetings, and/or demos, including coordinating complex meeting schedules and reserving conference roomsRecord and log meeting minutes from internal and external project meetingsWe’re a small team so there will be a lot of getting-it-done without worrying about who is “supposed” to do it. So in addition to being the glue that helps bind our office together, you will also get on-the-job training from senior team members so you can help with other types of work, such as:Business Analysis - Collaborating with stakeholders to translate client and users needs into product requirements, use cases, and agile user storiesProject Management - Creating status reports that keep our clients informed about our team’s performance and progressQuality Assurance - Testing products, assessing quality factors affecting functionality and design specifications, and documenting problems and defectsTraining & Support - Assisting users in troubleshooting, collecting feedback, and educating our customers on how to get the most out of our productsTraining & Support - Collecting feedback on our solutions and assisting users by troubleshooting and educating them on how to get the most out of our productsWe think you’ll enjoy working with our team if you: Love interacting and communicating with people; You’re not only a great listener, but you also know how to share and present to othersAre eager to learn more about the different roles, types of work, and skill sets it takes to build web and mobile applicationsDon’t get overwhelmed or flustered easily. You’re able to keep track of multiple tasks at once, manage your time efficiently, and appropriately prioritize your workTake initiative, aren’t afraid to fail, ask thoughtful questions, and constantly seek better ways of working and communicatingHave a positive yet practical attitude; You are willing to take on any task that might help take one of our products, or our company, a little furtherThis position might not be for you if you: Have a hard time multitasking and prefer to focus on a single duty at a timeAren't comfortable working directly with clients and users, and not willing to travel to Maryland or D.C. to meet with them in personWork better in structured environments or have trouble with ambiguity and uncertaintyIf you’re interested in applying: Our ideal candidate is going to hold an associate's or bachelor's degree, and we’d love to hear the story of how your degree in Journalism, Marketing, Psychology, Business, or anything else is going to help you add to our team. Previous work experience is a plus, but what we really need is an individual with the passion to learn new skills and do what it takes to help our team be successful. We’re a growing company and care very much about creating an amazing work environment with great growth opportunities, and hope that you’ll join us early on and help shape a bright and exciting future for our ambitious company.To apply, go to the Project Assistant job posting on enovational.com/careers and submit:Your resumeA cover letter telling us about a feat of organization or multi-tasking you’ve accomplished in the past or simply a description why you want this job.Job Type: Full-timePay: $35,000.00 - $70,000.00 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayWork authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationSetting:OtherErgonomic Workspace:YesThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeCompany's website:enovational.comCompany's Facebook page:www.facebook.com/enovational/Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
IT Operations Manager	DiversityX	Washington, DC	$41,196 - $127,818 a year	Information Technology (IT) at Procter & Gamble is where business, innovation and technology integrate to create a competitive advantage for P&G. Our mission is clear -- we deliver IT to help P&G win with the over 5 billion consumers we serve worldwide. Our IT professionals are diverse business leaders who apply IT mastery to deliver game-changing, technology-driven business models and capabilities for our 65 iconic, trusted brands.From Day 1, you’ll be trusted to dive right in, take the lead, use your initiative, and build billion-dollar brands that help make everyday activities easier and make the world a better place. You’ll be doing meaningful work that takes your career places you never imagined. And you’ll do this in creative workspaces where new ideas flourish and where your technical mastery is recognized and rewarded.The Grooming Retail and DTC IT Operations Manager will join the Grooming IT team to manage the end to end systems to support The Art of Shaving retail operations, The Art of Shaving Wholesale business, and US Grooming DTC business.Responsibilitieswill range from managing vendors, projects to improve operations, and application management. This role will work closely with Information Security, warehouse/fulfillment, and DTC front end teams to deliver end to end solutions for the US Grooming business.This is an exciting opportunity to join an entrepreneurial culture across a broad set of business challenges in a fast-growing business. You will be part of a dynamic multi-functional team that is focused on growing in new business areas for Grooming.In This Role Your Key Responsibilities Will BeOperations and Application management APTOS OMS system for Retail and US DTC businessOperations and Application management for Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains ERP SystemOperations and Application management for retail site systems including POS, traffic counters, and network connectivityManage custom Azure applications to support The Art of ShavingManagement of 1st level support vendor for retail and order managementWork with DTC and The Art of Shaving businesses on projects to enable new capabilities to support business growth needsAssure compliance for Privacy and Information Security across all owned solutionsThe Ideal Candidate WillHave a s strong ability to learn a diverse set of systems and business processes.Possess good communication skills and an ability to work with multiple stakeholders.Bring experience managing vendors and software suppliers to maximize value.QualificationsRequiredB.S. in IT or related degree3+ Experience in retail (Direct to Consumer or Brick and Mortar) or Consumer Goods Industry5+ years of experience in IT Operations or Application ManagementPreferredExperience with ERP systems and especially Microsoft Dynamics Great PlainsThe Value of a P&G CareerOngoing coaching and career development – you will work with passionate people and have access to best in class training through our P&G Leadership Academy as well as day-to-day mentoring from your manager.We provide a market-competitive salary benchmarked against the finest companies, so you'll be able to spend your generous vacation time doing more of the things you love with the people you love.We offer a suite of benefits, including but not limited to: flexible working arrangements, generous paid vacation increasing with service, generous parental leave policies, group life insurance, health insurance, and dedicated support to help you find the right child care or elder care.Additional perks include discounted P&G products from our company shops and a discount platform offering you unbeatable savings on everything from groceries to exotic holidays.What's more, your financial package might include things like interest-free loans, a tax-advantageous share purchase plan, a contributory pension plan, and financial education and advisement on topics including purchasing real estate and generating wealthJob Type: Full-timePay: $41,196.00 - $127,818.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:Multiple locations	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager	US Office of the Chief Information Officer	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
As an IT Project Manager, you will provide day-to-day IT project leadership, IT expertise and strategic IT planning for projects in all phases of their life cycles.

Location of position: GSA IT/Office of the Associate Chief Information Officer for Corporate IT Services

The Office of Government-wide Policy (OGP) IT Services Branch is responsible for providing IT management and oversight for the IT systems that support OGP and its customers.

Responsibilities
We are currently filling one vacancy, but additional vacancies may be filled as needed.

Responsible for the day-to-day leadership of matrixed project resources to ensure productivity and efficient use of resources.
Promotes team building, collaboration, and cohesion within the project team.
Responsible for project financial management, to include, but not limited to: budget formulation and execution, IT acquisitions and purchases, and determines the best approach resolving budget shortages.
Keeps abreast of new IT developments to provide technical advice on and devise IT solutions to implement program goals.
Provides higher level stakeholders, leadership and partners with technical knowledge and recommendations needed to make decisions surrounding complex information technology issues and initiatives.
Establishes collaborative partnerships and initiates and monitors IT development efforts in support of challenging IT projects.
Develops new insights into situations and applies innovative solutions to make project improvements; creates a work environment that encourages creative thinking and innovation; designs and implements new or cutting-edge programs/processes.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Travel may be required for meetings, training and conferences.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
US Citizenship or National (Residents of American Samoa and Swains Island)
Meet all eligibility criteria within 30 days of the closing date
Meet time-in-grade within 30 days of the closing date, if applicable
Register with Selective Service if you are a male born after 12/31/1959
If selected, you must meet the following conditions:

Receive authorization from OPM on any job offer you receive, if you are or were (within the last 5 years) a political Schedule A, Schedule C or Non-Career SES employee in the Executive Branch.
Serve a one year probationary period, if required.
Undergo and pass a background investigation (Tier 2 investigation level).
Have your identity and work status eligibility verified if you are not a GSA employee. We will use the Department of Homeland Security’s e-Verify system for this. Any discrepancies must be resolved as a condition of continued employment.

Qualifications
For each job on your resume, provide:

the exact dates you held each job (from month/year to month/year)
number of hours per week you worked (if part time).

If you have volunteered your service through a National Service program (e.g., Peace Corps, Americorps), we encourage you to apply and include this experience on your resume.

For a brief video on creating a Federal resume, click here.

The GS-14 salary range starts at $122,530 per year. If you are a new federal employee, your starting salary will likely be set at the Step 1 of the grade for which you are selected.

To qualify, you must have at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 level or higher in the Federal service.

IT SPECIALIST COMPETENCY REQUIREMENTS:

Attention to Detail - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant investigates and evaluates “state of the art” technology of the industry.

Customer Service - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant confers with users to evaluate the effectiveness of, or identify the need for, computer programs or management systems.

Oral Communication - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant persuades others to take a particular course of action or to accept findings, recommendations, changes, or alternative viewpoints.

Problem Solving - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant identifies and accommodates technology and resource constraints.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:

In addition to the Basic Requirements listed above, you must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 in the Federal service. Specialized experience is defined as experience leading IT service transformation projects or teams, providing information and recommendations in project planning and developing detailed project plans that incorporate project management best practices including risk management, compliance, training, change management and IT governance.
Education
Note: If you are using foreign education to meet qualification requirements, you must send a Certificate of Foreign Equivalency with your transcript in order to receive credit for that education. For further information, visit: https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html
Additional information
Bargaining Unit Status

Bargaining Unit status: Not Applicable

Relocation Not Paid

Relocation-related expenses are not approved and will be your responsibility.

Travel – May be approved

Travel expenses associated with interviews may be approved. Determinations will be made on a case-by-case basis.

Recruitment/Relocation Incentive

On a case-by-case basis, the following incentives may be approved:
Recruitment incentive if you are new to the federal government
Relocation incentive if you are a current federal employee
Credit toward vacation leave if you are new to the federal government

Management Rights

Additional vacancies may be filled from this announcement as needed; through other means; or not at all.

Concurrent DEU Vacancy Announcement

We are also accepting applications from all U.S. Citizens and Nationals under Vacancy Announcement # 21STFB183SLMP. You must apply separately to each announcement to be considered for both.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated on the questions you answer during the application process, which will measure your overall possession of the following competencies or knowledge, skills, and abilities. Your responses to these questions must be supported by your resume or your score may be lowered.

Knowledge of project management techniques, principles, methods and practices to lead IT Projects.
Ability to lead high performing teams to accomplish goals in an IT environment.
Ability to use efficient and cost-effective approaches to integrate technology into the workplace and improve program effectiveness.
Skill in ensuring integration of IT programs and services; developing solutions to integration/interoperability issues and conducting analyses to recommend and implement systems that meet current and future business requirements.
Ability to develop new insights into situations and apply innovative solutions to create a work environment which encourages creative thinking and innovation to programs/processes.

Additional assessments may be used, and, if so, you will be provided with further instructions.

If you are eligible under Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan or GSA’s Career Transition Assistance Plan(ICTAP/CTAP), you must receive a score of 85 or higher to receive priority.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Moderate Risk (MR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
ALL required documents must be submitted before the closing date. Review the following list to determine what you need to submit.

Note: If required to submit an SF-50 (Notice of Personnel Action), an equivalent agency Notice of Personnel Action form is acceptable. Such document(s) must show all of the following: effective date, position, title, series, grade, and rate of basic pay, tenure group 1 (career) or 2 (career-conditional), position occupied group, and name of agency. If you are a GSA employee (except in the OIG), you are not required to submit an SF-50.

If you are a 30% or more disabled veteran, VEOA or VRA applicant or qualified spouse, widow/widower, or parent:

(a) Copy of your Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, DD-214 that shows the dates of your active duty service. If selected, a DD-214 showing your type of discharge (member 4 copy) will be required prior to appointment.
(b) If you are a disabled veteran, or are applying under VRA or VEOA as a spouse, widow/widower, or parent of a veteran, submit both of the following in addition to the DD-214: (1) completed SF-15 form; and (2) proof of your entitlement (refer to SF-15 for complete list).

If you are active duty military- Certification on a letterhead from your military branch that includes your rank, character of service (must be under honorable conditions) & military service dates including discharge/release date (must be no later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted).

If you are a current Federal employee or Reinstatement Eligible: Submit your latest SF-50.

If you are eligible under an Interchange Agreement: Submit your latest SF-50.

If you are a former Peace Corp or VISTA volunteer: Submit your Description of Service.

If you are a current or former Land Management Agency Employee - Submit a and b:

 (a) one or more SF-50s, including your most recent one that shows you were on a competitive time-limited appointment(s) with a Land Management Agency and served on the appointment for a period(s) totaling more than 24 months without a break of 2 or more years.

 (b) Copy of your agency’s annual performance appraisal(s) or written reference(s) from a supervisor at the agency verifying satisfactory performance during your appointment(s).

If you have a disability: Submit proof of eligibility. For information on eligibility and required documentation, refer to USAJOBS’s People With Disabilities page.

If you are applying under another special appointment authority: Submit proof of your eligibility under the appropriate appointment authority. See USAJOBS's Resource Center for more information.

If you are ICTAP/CTAP eligible - submit a, b, and c: (a) proof of eligibility including agency notice; (b) SF-50, and (c) most recent performance appraisal.

If you are a current or former political appointee: Submit your SF-50.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
You will have access to many benefits including:

Health insurance (choose from a wide range of plans)
Life insurance coverage with several options
Sick leave and vacation time, including 10 paid holidays per year
Thrift Savings Plan (similar to a 401(k) plan)
Flexible work schedules
Transit and child care subsidies
Flexible spending accounts
Long-term care insurance
Training and development

Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Your application will be considered if you are a: Current career/career-conditional Federal employee Nationwide in the competitive service ; Reinstatement eligible; Special Appointing Authority eligible; VEOA eligible Veteran; ICTAP eligible; or OPM Interchange Agreement eligible. This position reports to the Central Office in Washington DC."	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager	Navy Federal Credit Union	Vienna, VA 22180	None	"YOUR LIFE'S MISSION: POSSIBLE

You have goals, dreams, hobbies and things you’re passionate about.
What’s Important to You Is Important to Us
We’re looking for people who not only want to do meaningful, challenging work, keep their skills sharp and move ahead, but who also take time for the things that matter to them—friends, family and passions. And we're looking for team members who are passionate about our mission—making a difference in military members' and their families' lives. Together, we can make it happen.
Don’t take our word for it.
FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®
Computerworld® Best Places to Work in IT
FORTUNE® Best Workplaces for Millennials
Forbes® America’s Best Employers
IND123

Basic Purpose

To provide full product/project lifecycle management of small to medium difficult IT projects from inception to completion. Ensure projects are delivered on schedule, within budget and in accordance with quality standards. Provide project leadership to ensure overall success and delivery of expected outcomes in support of Navy Federal’s strategic goals. Work is performed under regular supervision.

Responsibilities:

Apply and adhere to project management best practices by following the policies, procedures and methodologies established within the Systems Development Life CycleEnsure effective management of projects from inception through implementationCollaborate and negotiate with business partners and vendors to understand requirement needs and resolve any requirements gaps or risks/issuesPrepare and deliver status reports regarding project milestones, deliverables, dependencies, risks, and issues to management and stakeholdersOversee project progress to ensure project documentation and schedules are in compliance with previously agreed requirements and standardsMaintain and archive all project related documentationIdentify, communicate and resolve technical, tactical and operational project issues and risksExhibit intellectual agility and interpersonal flexibility to reassess, reflect and shift thinking as projects or strategic direction changesMay be required to support product delivery teams throughout full product lifecycleCommunicate project plan, changes, direction, approach, and priorities based on changing business requirements, circumstances, new information and/or budget considerations to stakeholdersMonitor and measure staff assignment results against project goals and task responsibilitiesProvide regular feedback to project members and input to the performance review processBuild and maintain relationships with team members, management, key stakeholders and/or external contacts (vendors, etc.)Scrum coordination for agile functions such as sprint planning, daily standups, retrospectives, sprint demos, story refinement, and release planning, etc.Full life–cycle project management
 o Establish and lead project teams
 o Develop project plan/scope/schedule/cost/communications
 o Procure and/or manage resources/timelines/deadlines/quality
 o Ensure that vendor meets or exceeds their contractual obligations by delivering quality products/services on time and within cost structure
 o Manage all financial management aspects of vendor delivery and provide feedback on vendor performance
 o Ensure successful project implementation
 o Manage project-level risks, issues, dependencies, and change management
Perform other duties as assigned

Qualifications and Education Requirements:

Exposure to project leadership and execution, including initiatives with technology, processes, cross–functional teams and external partner team membersFamiliarity with development or operations framework methodologies, including Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL), Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), etc.Basic skill in project management to include establishing and leading project teams; managing timelines/deadlines/resources; ensuring successful project implementationFamiliarity with project lifecycles and development methodologies, including agile project management principles and practicesExposure to leading agile development teams and facilitating team meetings in agile environmentExposure to working and participating in cross–functional, multi–dimensional teams and projectsExposure to managing multiple priorities independently and/or in a team environment to achieve goalsExposure to collaborating across organizational boundaries and building partnerships across various functionsBasic presentation skills with essential executive presenceExposure to leading, guiding and coaching professional staffExposure to vendor engagement related to project deliveryBasic skill building effective relationships through rapport, trust, diplomacy and tactBasic skill using innovative thinking to solve problems and facilitate the decision making processBasic organizational, planning and time management skillsBasic skill exercising initiative and using good judgment to make sound decisionsBasic skill communicating with all levels within an organizationBasic research, analytical, and problem solving skillsBasic skill resolving conflicting requests and meeting changing requirementsEffective verbal, interpersonal and written communication skillsEffective word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation software skills

Desired Skills:

Associate's degree in Information Technology, or related fieldFamiliarity with Navy Federal Project Portfolio ManagementFamiliarity with Navy Federal functions, philosophy, operations and organizational objectivesProject Management Professional Certification

Hours: Monday – Friday, 8:00 am to 4:30 pm

Location: 820 Follin Lane, Vienna, VA 22180 (Partial Telework Options)

Equal Employment Opportunity

Navy Federal values, celebrates, and enacts diversity in the workplace. Navy Federal takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans. EOE/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability

Disclaimer

Navy Federal reserves the right to fill this role at a higher/lower grade level based on business need. An assessment may be required to compete for this position.

Bank Secrecy Act

Remains cognizant of and adheres to Navy Federal policies and procedures, and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act."	11322	Washington
Supervisory IT Project Manager	US Bureau of Labor Statistics	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
Supervisory IT Project Manager positions located in DOL, Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), Office of Technology and Survey Processing (OTSP) provide IT support to all aspects of BLS data development initiatives. BLS measures labor market activity, working conditions, price changes, and productivity in the U.S. economy to support public and private decision making.
Positions are outside the bargaining unit.

Responsibilities
The incumbent directs multi-year IT projects through subordinate staff, and other assigned staff from BLS offices. Duties include but are not limited to responsibility for concurrently developing applications through all phases of the DOL System Development Life Cycle, including the inception, elaboration, development, and transition to production. As IT Project Manager, the incumbent:

Directs subordinates in the operation, maintenance, and disposition phase of existing systems.
Works with program officials to identify information systems requirements. Develops project plans, project schedules, resource estimates and cost estimates.
Ensures that projects stay within the project agreement for scope, schedule, and budget goals and identifies and implements changes to meet those goals.
Ensures the coordination of project activities with Project Team Members, and other Project Teams, as appropriate
Plans, coordinates and evaluates the programs and activities of the team. Supports and coordinates the activities of staff assigned to work on projects.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Some work may require travel and to attendance at meetings and conferences away from the work site.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
14 - This position is at the Full Promotion Potential.
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Systems Managers
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. citizen and at least 16 years of age.
Requires a probationary period if requirement has not been met.
Appointment to this position may require a background investigation.
Requires a supervisory probationary period if requirement has not been met.
Applicants must meet all legal and regulatory requirements. Reference the ""Required Documents"" section for additional requirements.

You may not be aware, but in the regulations for agency ethics programs, there are requirements for supervisors. Section 2638.103 of Title 5 of the CFR states:

Every supervisor in the executive branch has a heightened personal responsibility for advancing government ethics. It is imperative that supervisors serve as models of ethical behavior for subordinates. Supervisors have a responsibility to help ensure that subordinates are aware of their ethical obligations under the Standards of Conduct and that subordinates know how to contact agency ethics officials. Supervisors are also responsible for working with agency ethics officials to help resolve conflicts of interests and enforce government ethics laws and regulations, including those requiring certain employees to file financial disclosure reports. In addition, supervisors are responsible, when requested, for assisting agency ethics officials in evaluating potential conflicts of interest and identifying positions subject to financial disclosure requirements.
Qualifications
Candidates must demonstrate proof of meeting the Minimum Qualifications, that is, BOTH the Experience and the Specialized Experience listed below.

Minimum Qualifications

Experience

IT-related experience; experience may be demonstrated by paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training (for example, IT certification), as appropriate. Experience must have demonstrated each of the four competencies listed below.

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. An experience indicator at this level includes planning, prioritizing, and organizing project/program requirements.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. An experience indicator at this level includes in-depth analysis and resolution of complex problems such as assessing customers’ needs and tailoring information about products and/or services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately. An experience indicator at this level includes orally justifying decisions, conclusions, findings, and/or recommendations in a professional setting such as orally presenting project/program-related information to engage in open and constructive discussions and sharing of information.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. An experience indicator at this level includes gathering and analyzing facts, drawing conclusions, and developing recommendations/identifying alternatives to solve complex problems such as utilizing various sources to conduct research to determine proper alternatives and providing recommendations to resolve project/program-level issues that impact the work and outcomes of an organization.

AND

Specialized Experience

Applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level, i.e. GS-13, in the federal service. This 52 weeks of specialized experience must be in the field of information technology, and equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience is defined as ALL of the following:

1. Demonstrated experience leading application development teams utilizing Agile SCRUM application development methodologies. An example of an experience indicator at this level includes delegating work, reviewing and monitoring work progress, reviewing final products i.e. completed code, and ensuring deadlines are met.

2. Extensive experience independently designing and developing complex application software for business applications. An experience indicator at this level includes both of the following: authoring software architecture work products such as object-oriented business and class models, sequence diagrams, activity diagrams, and/or technical specifications AND developing applications for multi-tiered environments consisting of web, application, and database layers.
Education
Education may not be substituted for experience at this level.
Additional information
DOL seeks to attract and retain a high performing and diverse workforce in which employees’ differences are respected and valued to better meet the varying needs of the diverse customers we serve. DOL fosters a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all individuals are able to participate and contribute to their full potential.

Refer to these links for more information:

GENERAL INFORMATION, ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION, FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES

Position Telework eligibility is determined by management based on position duties during the recruitment process. Employee participation in telework on a routine or situational basis is determined by management primarily based on business needs. Employees participating in telework are subject to the terms and conditions of the Department of Labor’s Telework Program.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
If you meet the minimum qualifications, you will be evaluated against the evaluation factors below and will be placed into a category based on your vacancy question responses.

Categories

Category A - Meets the minimum qualifications requirements and demonstrates superior proficiency in applying critical competencies required by this position.

Category B - Meets the minimum qualifications requirements and demonstrates satisfactory proficiency in applying critical competencies required by this position.

Category C - Meets the minimum qualifications requirements and demonstrates familiarity in applying critical competencies required by this position.

Evaluation Factors (Competencies) - All qualified applicants will be evaluated on the following key competencies:

Manages Human Resources: Plans, distributes, and monitors work assignments; evaluates work performance and provides feedback to others on their performance.
Oral Communication: Makes clear and convincing oral presentations. Listens effectively; clarifies information as needed.
Software Development: Knowledge of the principles, methods, and tools for designing, developing, and testing software in a given environment.
Software Engineering: Knowledge of software engineering design and development methodologies, paradigms, and tools; the software life cycle; software reusability; and software reliability metrics.
Project Management: Knowledge of the principles, methods, or tools for developing, scheduling, coordinating, and managing projects and resources, including monitoring and inspecting costs, work, and contractor performance.
Systems Life-Cycle: Knowledge of systems life cycle management concepts used to plan, develop, implement, operate, and maintain information systems.
Data Management: Knowledge of the principles, procedures, and tools of data management, such as modeling techniques, data backup, data recovery, data dictionaries, data warehousing, data mining, data archiving, data disposal, and data standardization processes.

The information you provide may be verified by a review of your work experience and/or education, by checking references and through other means (ex. interview). The examining Human Resources Office (HRO) makes the final determination concerning applicant ratings. Your resume MUST provide sufficient information to substantiate your responses to the vacancy questions. If not, the HRO may amend your responses to more accurately reflect the level of competency indicated by the content of your resume. Your evaluation may also include a review by a Human Resources Specialist or panel and may include other assessments (ex. interview, panel review, written test, writing sample, etc.)

INFORMATION FOR ICTAP/CTAP ELIGIBLES ONLY: If you are eligible for special priority selection under ICTAP/CTAP, you must be well-qualified for the position to receive consideration. ICTAP/CTAP eligibles who are placed into Category B or higher will be considered ""well-qualified"".

Click Application of Veterans Preference for Category Rating Jobs for more information.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Moderate Risk (MR)
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. (ET) on the vacancy closing date. You are not required to submit a document if it does not apply to you. Warning: If you submit a document using the same document title, the 2nd submission will OVERWRITE the 1st submission. Also, do not upload password-protected documents.
Proof of Minimum Qualifications: For Experience and Specialized Experience, your resume MUST contain detailed descriptions demonstrating that you meet the requirements listed in this announcement. If your resume does not demonstrate proof of the minimum qualifications, you will be deemed not qualified. See the Requirements section, i.e. under Qualifications, for more details.
 Veterans Documents (if applicable): To be considered as a 5-point preference eligible, you must submit a copy of your Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, DD214. Your DD-214 must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty. To claim 10-point preference, you must submit a copy of your DD214; an Application for 10-point Veteran's Preference, SF15; and the proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally an official statement, dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. (For active duty service members expecting honorable or general discharge or release within 120 days, click Active Duty). Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference. For more information, go to http://www.fedshirevets.gov/hire/hrp/vetguide/index.aspx
Displaced Employee Placement Documents – Only required if requesting priority consideration under CTAP or ICTAP eligibility.
Cover Letters are not mandatory and will not be used to verify experience, but may be submitted.
Applicants selected for employment who are not current DOL employees will be required to provide proof of citizenship, and the E-Verify system will be used to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S."	11322	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
Project Manager - IT - NASA	Venesco, LLC	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	IT Project ManagerVenesco has an opening for a mission critical NASA HITSS IT Project Manager in a center of excellence environment at NASA HQ in Washington, DC. This is a complex IT and professional services IDIQ task order contract at NASA Headquarters supporting the OCIO and its Information Technology and Communications Division with a budget of up to $250 million. Included in the responsibilities are multiple task orders supporting NASA Mission Directorates, Agency Offices, and HQ Operations.Your ability to build and maintain effective relationships with stakeholders will be critical to the success of this program. Stakeholders include ITCD staff and management, Mission Directorates of the OCIO, other NASA Centers, and other service providers such as the Agency’s strategic sourcing contractors which depend on services performed under this contract.Highly skilled IT and service professionals support NASA in strategic planning to include identification of changes in the technical and business landscape, anticipation of potential risks, and smooth and timely mitigation of issues. Through support and collaboration, our team is respected as a ‘trusted business partner’.As IT PM, you will assist in the overall contract execution and consistent delivery of services to meet customer expectations, quality standards, technical requirements, and schedule.Assist with running complex programs and projects – from design and development through production and deployment.Assist with the creation of strategies for contingency planning and risk mitigation.Plans and schedules project goals, milestones, and deliverables.Defines requirements and plans the project lifecycle deployment.Defines resources and schedule for project and program implementation.Identifies and solves project issues effectively.Oversees and directs the team ad managing conflicts within the different groups.Develops RFP (Request for Proposals) for external services.Performs team assessments and evaluations.Define requirements for project risks.Maintains project documentation.Serves as a liaison between team members and functional area management.Requirements: Experienced in creating and maintaining Integrated Master Schedules and applying Earned Value Management techniques.IT Project Management ExperienceExpert in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint and Project5 -8 years as a Project ManagerPrevious NASA experience preferredBS/BA or EquivalentProject Management Professional CertificationVenesco LLC, is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Venesco is committed to administering all employment and personnel actions on the basis of merit and free of discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or status as an individual with a disability. Consistent with this commitment, we are dedicated to the employment and advancement of qualified minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, persons of all ethnic backgrounds and religions according to their abilities.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:NASA: 1 year (Preferred)IT project management: 1 year (Preferred)federal contracting: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager (PROJMGT)	US Office of Inspector General	Alexandria, VA	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is with Department of Defense (DoD) Office of Inspector General (OIG), Mission Support Team (MST) Component.

This job will close when we have received 100 applications which may be sooner than the closing date.
Responsibilities
Position located within the Strategic Planning and Performance Directorate, supporting the Defense Case Activity Tracking System (D-CATS) Program Management Office.
Supports oversight of a Level III Defense Business System and Department of Defense-wide enterprise application that offers case management capabilities to applicable investigation communities.
Assists in implementation of Agile software development methodologies and Scrum/SAFe frameworks, with industry leading business partners, as well as forward-leaning hosting and support service solutions.
Background in Microsoft Dynamics Customer Relationship Management, SharePoint, SQL, MIM, and other Microsoft technologies desired.
DevSecOps, SmartBear TestComplete (application administration and implementation within on/off-premise environments), data migration, and DoD OIG organizational knowledge are beneficial.
Facilitates customer engagements, requirements elicitation and decomposition, and their transition into production-ready products.
Collaborates with peer organizational entities, including Chief Information Officer personnel, enhancing operational support functions.
Ensures compliance with Business Capability Acquisition Cycle and Software Development Life-Cycle standards, supporting D-CATSe across sustainment, development, and to-be capability support activities.
Plans, directs, and coordinates IT projects to ensure established milestones are accomplished on time, within prescribed funding parameters, and in accordance with client business objectives.
Serves as Contracting Officer's Technical Representative for IT Support Service contracts; assists in developing contract requirements and specifications while monitoring compliance.
Candidate to operate within a cross-functional and high trust organization, where innovation and value-stream adherence is prioritized.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel 10% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
The incumbent must adhere to the DoD Standards of Conduct.
Ability to acquire and maintain an Information Assurance Technical (IAT) Level I certification to meet DoD Information Assurance Work Force requirements.
U.S. Citizenship or National
Suitable for Federal Employment
Registered for Selective Service (if applicable)
This national security position, which may require access to classified information, requires a favorable suitability review and security clearance as a condition of employment. Failure to maintain security eligibility may result in termination.
Position has been designated as Non-Critical Sensitive; incumbent is required to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
If you have not previously completed a probationary period with the Federal government in a similar position, you will be required to serve a two-year probationary period.
Incumbent is required to submit to urinalysis to screen for illegal drug use prior to appointment and is subject to random drug testing for the duration of service with DoD OIG.
Current DoD civilian employees are not required to submit to drug testing if moving from one Testing Designated Position (TDP) to another with no break in service, unless deemed appropriate on a case-by-case basis.
This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies within 90 calendar days of the initial issue date of the referral list.
Position(s) may be filled by displaced Department of Defense (DoD) employees through the Priority Placement Program.
All qualifications and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
Qualifications
To meet the basic requirements, you must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the next lower grade level.

GS-13
You must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the GS-12 grade level: Specialized Experience is defined as: Must have experience managing projects in the field of Information Technology. Must have knowledge in identifying and analyzing customer requirements, developing a business case, and conducting cost benefit analysis. Must have demonstrated experience developing, modifying, and implementing.

Volunteer Experience: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
Education is not substitutable for specialized experience for this grade level.
Additional information
Competitive wages, flexible schedules and one of the most comprehensive benefits packages found in either government or private sector. These extraordinary benefits encompass health, pay, work/life balance, growth & learning.
Moving expenses will not be paid.
Selections are subject to restrictions resulting from the DoD Program for Stability of Civilian Employment.
A two year probationary period may be required.
Telework availability will be based upon the mission requirements and supervisory determination.
We may use this announcement to fill additional vacancies within 90 days of the closing date.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or be exempt from Selective Service (see http://www.sss.gov)
Retired Civil Service Employee: Employment of retired Federal employees receiving an annuity is subject to the requirements of the Department of Defense (DoD) policy guidance. (See DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 300, at https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf.)
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): Applicants must be well-qualified, which is defined as meeting all of the minimum qualification standards and eligibility requirements as well as possessing skills that clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position established by the Best Qualified category definition.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Pay for first time hires to the Federal Government will typically be set at step 1 salary range for their respective grade level.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
IMPORTANT NOTE - YOU MUST FOLLOW ALL APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY. ERRORS OR OMISSIONS MAY AFFECT YOUR RATING.
Your resume and supporting documentation will be reviewed to determine if you meet the minimum qualification requirements for the position. Under the provisions of the Direct-Hire Authority (DHA), rating, ranking and veterans preference does not apply; therefore, your responses to the questionnaire will not be used to determine a scored rating. All applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements, as defined in the job opportunity announcement, will be referred for selection consideration. While veterans' preference does not apply in DHA, preference eligible are encouraged to submit their supporting documentation (DD-214 stating disposition of discharge or character of service, VA letter, SF-15, etc.)During further evaluation, you may be asked to provide additional information or participate in other methods of assessment, such as structured interviews. Individuals who are subject matter experts in the requirements of this position may participate in further evaluations. Your responses will be carefully reviewed and must be supported by factual information in your resume. Inflating or otherwise enhancing your qualifications and errors or omissions may result in lowering your self-rated level or loss of further consideration.
The Assessment Questionnaire takes approximately 15 minutes to complete and collects information on your education, training and experience related to the following critical competencies:

Communication
Contracting/Procurement
Information Technology Life Cycle Management
Information Technology Policy and Planning
Information Technology Program Management
Program Evaluation
Project Management
You can preview the Assessment Questionnaire here: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11140425

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
You must provide a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Resume: You are encouraged to choose only ONE method of submitting your resume. (HR will review the resume that the system date stamps as the latest one received and this may not be the resume, which best reflects your qualifications for the job and may result in an ineligible rating.) You may submit your resume by: attaching in your USAJOBS account. For assistance in preparing your resume, take a look at the DFAS Resume Tools.
2. Complete Assessment Questionnaire: Your resume must describe the quality of work in regards to responses to the occupational self-assessment questionnaire as they generate your numerical rating.
3. Other Supporting Documents.

The following supporting documents are ONLY required if applicable to your personal qualifications or status. They must be received by the closing date of the announcement or at the time of application if applying to an announcement with an extended closing date.

1. Transcripts and/or Certifications: All applicants to include current agency employees, must submit proof of education if the job announcement requires education to meet the basic qualification requirements, or if substituting education to meet the specialized experience requirements. Many applicants must also submit documentation for proof of meeting the basic education requirement. For additional information on acceptable documents, click here Transcripts and Certifications. All applicants to include current agency employees/contractors must also document your education and/or certifications in your resume. To be creditable, education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
2. Cover Letter: You may submit a cover letter which will be forwarded to the selecting official with your resume. Your cover letter will not be used to verify your qualifications or determine eligibility for preference.
3. ICTAP Eligibles: A copy of the RIF separation notice and SF-50 if available.

WARNING: Failure to submit a complete application package including any required documentation by 11:59 PM (EST) on 06/24/2021, or at the time of application for announcements with an extended closing date, may result in an ineligible rating and loss of consideration. To verify that your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select Application Status and More Information. The Details page will display the status of your application. It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered, uploaded, or faxed is received, legible and accurate. HR will not modify answers submitted by an applicant.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All US citizens. Applicants will not be rated or ranked. Veteran's Preference does NOT apply under the Direct Hire Authority (DHA)."	11322	Washington
IT Specialist (Project Manager) - SME (Open to both U.S. Citizens and Federal Employees)	US Office of the Secretary of Transportation	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
The incumbent serves as an IT Project Manager, responsible for managing relationships with DOT Operating Administrations, OST Offices, and overall projects pertaining to the development of modern, enterprise IT Customer Relationship Management (CRM) applications, systems, solutions, and strategies by leveraging Microsoft Dynamics 365 (D365), Microsoft Office 365 (O365) cloud services, and the Microsoft Power Platform.

Responsibilities
The IT Specialist (Project Manager):

Identifies key business and technology drivers that impact application architectures, such as end-user requirements, existing software distribution capabilities, existing application environment (including legacy and packaged systems), and performance and availability requirements. Develops long and short-range strategies.
coordinates all aspects of the project system, development life cycle, such as the planning, implementation, contracts, budget, communication and operations and maintenance.
Operations, disaster recovery, business process re-engineering, systems analysis methodologies; web-based technologies and solutions; IT planning, project management, systems development methodologies, and document and content management.
Is responsible for a high level of customer service while providing the full range of IT support services to effectively, efficiently, and economically enable the COE to execute its safety mission through the application of modern IT strategies and solutions.
Serves as a senior expert for project and contract management, product evaluation, analysis and management of the implementation of a wide-range of services, related to the work flow based, Customer Relationship Management (CRM) applications, including product and delivery to the customers within the Department.
Develops and implements project and program management plans, tools, templates, and activities. Applies management principles including issue/risk management, program and cost control strategy, quality management, system release process, change control management, and transition management. Translates project requirements into detailed designs to be implemented while balancing needs for immediate action.
Applies management principles including issue/risk management, program and cost control strategy, quality management, system release process, change control management, and transition management. Translates project requirements into detailed designs to be implemented while balancing needs for immediate action.

The ideal candidate is a dynamic project manager versed in the system development life cycle of customer relationship management (CRM) projects and application management. We are looking for an independent, self-starter with excellent organization skills and ability to manage multiple, ongoing priority tasks for highly visible Office of the Chief Information Officer.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
End-User Support Specialists
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S.Citizen and eligible for consideration.
You must meet specialized experience to qualify.
Required documents must be submitted by the closing date.
Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the Selective Service.
PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).
TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade in the competitive or excepted service in the executive branch to satisfy time-in-grade restrictions contained in 5 CFR 300, Subpart F.
DEU REQUIREMENTS: Applicants selected under delegated examining procedures may be required to successfully complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).

Qualifications
To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the specialized experience qualifications requirement.

To qualify for the Grade 14, you must have at least one year of experience equal or equivalent to the GS-13, it must include:

Experience in managing IT Customer Relationship Management (CRM) application or platform for the development, modernization and improvement of business processes.
Experience in implementation of an agency-wide IT application as a shared service within a customer service environment.
Experience in gathering requirements across multiple stakeholders to ensure the integration of business and program directives.

In addition to meeting the above described specialized experience requirements, your IT experience will be evaluated and be expected to include described experience in the following competencies:

Attention to Detail: Work is thorough and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service: Working with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, providing information or assistance, assigning staff to resolve their problems, or satisfying their expectations; knowing about available products and services; committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication: Expressing information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); making clear and convincing oral presentations; listening to others, attending to nonverbal cues, and responding appropriately.
Problem Solving: Identifying problems; determining accuracy and relevance of information; using sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and making recommendations based on technical requirements.

For all types of consideration, experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

For additional information about applying to Federal positions, please click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-policies/#url=e4
Education
Additional information
This vacancy may be used by any DOT agency to fill similar positions within 90 days.

FLSA - Exempt
Bargaining Unit 1133

Position Sensitivity - Moderate Risk

The U.S. Department of Transportation strives to ensure that equity, transparency, accountability, collaboration, and communication permeate all that we do for the betterment of the Department, the traveling public, and our nation. As such, DOT values a highly diverse workforce of persons who promote a culture of belonging by respecting the personal dignity and worth of each individual and fostering a positive environment where all feel safe and welcome. If these commitments coincide with your personal ideals and professional aspirations, please consider joining the DOT family.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE: PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. If your resume/ application does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). Your resume must contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make a qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

To compete with U.S. Citizens: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be placed in one of four categories: Platinum, Gold, Silver or Bronze, which is based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. Within these categories, applicants eligible for veteran's preference that have provided supporting documents will receive selection priority over non-veterans. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position.

To compete with other competitive status government employees: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be scored based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. If referred, all relevant documents including performance appraisals and awards submitted with your application package will be forwarded to the hiring official for review.

Eligible Federal employees also seeking consideration for noncompetitive reassignment for this position, must indicate interest in the assessment. In eligibility question 14: select Yes/Other/Former Incumbency of a Position brought into the Competitive Service. Noncompetitive federal candidates must have competitive status on a SF-50, meet minimum qualifications, have served at the same grade or higher, and held or exceeded the promotion potential of this position.

All applicants: Your application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. The answers you select in the on-line process must be substantiated in your application package. If upon review, it is determined that your described work history, competencies, and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, your application may be updated on your behalf or you may not be referred to the selecting official. Please ensure that your work history provides enough details to support your answers. The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your final rating.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
RESUME - All applicants must provide a resume created within USA Jobs Resume Builder, that shows relevant experience, education and support the required specialized experience. Formatted resumes can by uploaded later in the application process.

TRANSCRIPTS are REQUIRED if there is a stated education requirement for the series OR if you are substituting education for experience. The transcripts need not be official, but must show that you meet the stated education requirements, including specific major or class requirements.

If you have already qualified and worked in the federal service in this series, you may provide an SF-50 in lieu of transcripts.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS/INCENTIVE AWARDS: If applicable, performance appraisals and/or Incentive award documentation may be submitted and forwarded to the selecting official in consideration of your application. To receive credit, submit a recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable (do not submit a performance plan) and/or incentive award documentation dated within the last 18 months (i.e. performance awards, special act or achievement awards, quality step increases, etc.).

VETERANS: Your last DD214 (member 4 copy), Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, that shows the type of discharge and all dates of active duty is required to verify your eligibility.

If applying to a vacancy opened to all US Citizens under category rating and wish to be considered as a preference eligible, you need to submit a copy of your DD214 (member-4 copy).
If claiming preference eligibility as a disabled veteran, you must submit proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally a valid letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. An SF-15 is desired, but not required.
If applying to a vacancy opened Status and you are requesting consideration under Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) (https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/shav/#veoa), you need to provide a copy of your last DD214 (member-4 copy), which verifies your military service dates, reason for separation, OR certification of separation that shows a discharge date within 120 days of the closing of this announcement, and eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act.

FEDERAL APPLICANTS: You must submit SF-50(s) that verify your highest competitive grade, full performance level, and eligibility as a federal applicant. DO NOT submit an award SF-50 as these often do not verify grade or eligibility. For consideration for a promotion, Box 4 of the SF-50 must show a date that is at least 52 weeks prior to the job announcement closing. We recommend submitting your last promotion SF-50, current SF-50 or within-grade increase SF-50. Pay adjustment raise SF-50s for the current year will not support the 52 weeks’ time-in-grade requirements. https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/service/SF-50/

NON COMPETITIVE APPLICANTS: If requesting concurrent consideration for Non-competitive (NC) appointment eligibility, you must provide the appropriate SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITY DOCUMENTS, such as PCS orders (military spouse) describing move & marriage certificate; letter from VA or DD214 describing 100% disability of spouse; letter from State Vocational Office certifying disability (schedule A), etc. For more information, visit military spouse NC appointments or Persons with Disabilities NC appointments.

DISPLACED EMPLOYEES: If requesting consideration under the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency CTAP program (ICTAP), you must meet the well qualified standards for this vacancy (meeting minimum requirements for position and scoring at least an 85 or falling in the Gold Category) and provide all of the following documents:

your most recent performance appraisal,
the proof of eligibility letter from the Agency, and
your most current SF-50, displaying current series and grade.

Displaced employees may be eligible for ICTAP or CTAP priority consideration. For more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.

Failure to submit any of the required documents by the closing date of the vacancy will result in your removal from consideration for this position. Please review your application prior to final submission and ensure you have submitted all appropriate documents. Uploading documents to USAJobs does NOT ensure inclusion with your application to our system. You must verify that the documents are in the system with your application prior to final submission.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Open to current and former Federal employees with competitive status, VEOA Applicants, AND All U.S. Citizens."	11322	Washington
Project Manager	ICF	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"ICF is a mission-driven company filled with people who care deeply about improving the lives of others and making the world a better place. Our core values include Embracing Difference; we seek candidates who are passionate about building a culture that encourages, embraces, and hires dimensions of difference.
@ ICF Next, we are fearless in finding new ways to solve problems, relentless in making sure it pays off for our clients and committed to making a positive change in the world.
Join our community of mission-driven creatives, communicators, strategists, and technologists to challenge the status quo.
We’re currently hiring for a Project Manager to help to manage and coordinate a variety of activities for our National Cancer Institute client.
As a Project Manager, you will have:
An understanding of the project’s scope and ensure the client and team are on the same page
Demonstrated experience meeting deadlines and ensuring the team has what they need to meet theirs
Demonstrated experience managing a project to schedule and ensuring the client and team understand what is expected of them
The ability to identify and resolve or mitigate areas needing clarification, project dependencies, risks, and issues
The ability to ensure the client and team are always aware of project status, risks, and issues
The ability to be a proactive self-starter, working independently to move projects and tasks forward to completion
The ability to work in a collaborative team environment and co-lead projects with other project managers
The ability to coordinate with multiple stakeholders to schedule meetings
An understanding of project management tools and how to use them consistently and effectively across teams to manage projects
Experience preparing, leading and facilitating status meetings, milestone reviews, and work-in-progress demos to the client in a confident and professional manner
Demonstrated experience planning, organizing, taking meeting notes, and managing the activities of other departments and organizations in order to ensure the on-time and on-budget delivery of projects
As a Project Manager, you also will have:
Five or more years of experience managing relevant projects in a consulting or government environment
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent required
A demonstrated understanding of project management methodology including the ability to identify and resolve issues, manage risk, develop detailed work plans and specifications and run team meetings
A demonstrated ability to manage tight timelines while adhering to budgetary constraints
Ability to work on multiple projects and manage various stakeholders simultaneously
Previous experience working in a scientific field or managing scientific/technical projects is preferred but not required
Job Location(s): Within the current landscape, this role will be supported remotely. This role will ultimately sit at the client’s Rockville office when remote working guidelines are lifted.
Working at ICF
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy .
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement .
Rockville, MD (MD18)"	11322	Washington
UTILITY BILLING SPECIALIST	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA 22201	$38,002 - $58,053 a year	"Position Information
The Department of Environmental Services is seeking to hire a Billing Specialist to our Utilities Billing team. This employee works in a team environment within the Utility Billing Office (UBO) which is responsible for accurate and timely billing of 38,000 customer accounts for water, sewer and refuse services. The Billing Specialist will be trained on and serve various critical business functions performed by the UBO team such as addressing escalated customer issues, submitting daily system jobs, processing returned payments, preparing leak adjustments, and issuing credit refunds.

Specific duties:
Assisting the Billing Manager with the timely review of approximately 14,500 bills each month for possible errors or anomalies;
Reviewing account anomalies through the effective analysis of water consumption data and historical usage trends from multiple business systems and reports including our utility billing system and billing system generated reports;
Analyzing data from multiple sources to provide business intelligence and executive level reports for management and interdependent work groups including our Customer Service Office and Water, Sewer, & Streets Bureau.
Serving as a primary contact for the field technicians and support staff in the Water, Sewer, & Streets Bureau that manage and maintain our water, sewer, and metering infrastructure;
Issuing service orders to field staff for read verifications, estimate meter readings, and change or approve readings on accounts before service charges are calculated and bills are issued;
Processing and performing quality review of meter-related service orders to identify account discrepancies and ensure accuracy and completeness of registration information to update the billing system;
Providing excellent service to customers needing assistance with registering, accessing, and administering online account management tools, such as our customer service portal and our paperless bill program; and
Supporting operational tasks as a member of a cohesive team or supporting assigned special projects such as the current effort to update our existing consumption-based billing structure.
The ideal candidate will be organized, detail oriented and technically savvy in the use of multiple systems, will be able to manage large volumes of work according to a production schedule, analyze large amounts of data to generate business intelligence and have experience in a related billing industry.
Selection Criteria
Minimum:
High school diploma or GED; and
At least two years of experience providing office support, including providing direct customer service support to the public and/or performing billing functions.
Substitution: Successful completion of college coursework from an accredited college or university can be substituted for the experience requirement on the following basis:

2 years = 6 months of experience;
4 years = 1 year of experience.
Education may not substitute for more than one year of experience.

Desirable: Preference may be given to candidates with experience in one or more of the following:

Validating information and calculating monetary adjustments using spreadsheets;
Using software systems to research and/or enter and retrieve data; and/or
Resolving customer billing issues or other service-related complaints.
Additional Information
Work Hours: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Occasional overtime may be required.

Please complete each section of the application. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Your responses to the supplemental questionnaire are considered part of the selection process and are required for this position. Incomplete applications will not be considered.

The official title of this position is Services Assistant IV."	11322	Washington
IT Program Manager (Director, Project Delivery) - (SME-P) (Open to both U.S. Citizens and Federal Employees)	US Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration	Washington, DC	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Office of the Chief Technology Officer. The Director, Project Delivery directs activities involving IT Project and Financial Management and the coordination and oversight of acquisition programs of MC-I.

Responsibilities
The IT Program Manager (Director, Project Delivery):

Manages the implementation of initiatives, projects, and programs for defining, evolving, evaluating, and improving information management functions across the FMCSA. Implements Department-wide policies and standards related to financial management, IT acquisition and administration of COR duties. Oversees the delivery of required IT services. Develops a variety of related plans, including risk management, training, communication, and organizational transition plans. Measures organizational effectiveness and performance, documents and reports on change status as required. Serves as liaison with other program entities such as IT developers, security, integrators and leadership. Promotes process improvement and efficiency within the project management and acquisition functions and ensures continuous compliance and risk mitigation related to all MC-I projects.
Defines, executes, and enforces the FMCSA/DOT standardized contracting strategy, information management policies, standards, and architectures to ensure compliance with the organizational standards as well as applicable Federal regulations for IT and/or service acquisitions. Oversees management of contract support. Provides oversight for development of specifications, providing technical advice to the Contract Officer (COR) or Contract Officer Technical Representative (COTR). Provides technical assistance to customers with the technical and managerial aspects of the IT requirements determination, documentation, and justification process. Including the production and delivery of Statements of Objectives (SOOs), Statement of Work (SOWs), Performance Work Statements (PWS) and Requests for Information (RFIs) in a manner that facilitates timely delivery of capabilities for MC-I. Acts as a liaison with the Office of Acquisition Management to provide input that enables the Contracting Officer (CO) to conduct negotiations with vendors.
Coordinates acquisition efforts. Works in conjunction with the contracting officer to approve terms and conditions set forth in contract negotiations, contracting plans, budgets, and changes to the scope of work performed by contractors. Reviews contract artifacts to develop and provide guidance that aligns with MC-I’s goals and mitigates project risks. Provides guidance on all aspects of acquisition, including compliance issues, estimation, cost strategies and project risks. Provides input into development of Independent Government Cost Estimates (IGCEs), as required by assessing level of effort, required skillsets and labor categories, labor rates, direct and indirect costs; and oversight and direction to federal IT professionals and contractors. Oversees contractor performance and vendor relationships; provides negotiation support, advises on contract issues, and coordinates with the Agency's Contracting Officer on any new contract solicitations under the CIO.
Directs the overall management, control, coordination, and execution of projects and programs. Determines resource levels, competencies, and support service requirements. Measures organizational effectiveness and performance, documents and reports on change status as required. Serve as liaison with other program entities such as IT developers, security, integrators and leadership. Provides input into IT Budget planning and development to ensure alignment with Office of Administration (OA) and DOT strategic priorities; ensure IT Budget and spend plan conforms to DOT and OMB policies and guidance and IT Budget spend plan is executed as identified and/or includes justifications for any deviations to the plan.
Evaluates products for completeness, timeliness, accomplishment of objectives and conformance to regulatory requirements. Accepts, rejects, or modifies work submitted by team members, as appropriate. Evaluates the performance of team members and provides counseling, advice, and instruction concerning both technical and administrative matters. Recommends promotions, developmental assignments, or adverse actions based on performance.

Travel Required
25% or less - Some travel will be required.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
15
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
Officers, Chief Technology
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S.Citizen and eligible for consideration.
You must meet specialized experience to qualify.
Required documents must be submitted by the closing date.
Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the Selective Service.
GOVERNMENT TRAVEL CARD: This position involves travel. A government contractor-issued travel card will be issued and must be retained for official business only.
PCS/RELOCATION/RECRUITMENT: Permanent Change of Station (PCS), Relocation, and Recruitment Incentive authorization varies by position/selection.
SUPERVISORY PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year supervisory probationary period (unless already completed).
TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade to satisfy time-in-grade restrictions contained in 5 CFR 300, Subpart F.
DEU REQUIREMENTS: Applicants selected under delegated examining procedures may be required to successfully complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).

Qualifications
To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the specialized experience requirements.

To qualify for the Grade 15, you must have at least one year of specialized experience equal or equivalent to the GS-14, it must include:

Experience managing and directing project management and financial management functions to deliver systems and services.
Experience with developing cost estimates, determining direct and indirect costs, and developing pricing strategies that help set up projects achieve goals and objectives.
Experience determining acquisition strategy, monitoring and controlling IT projects, including software development and IT infrastructure support projects.

In addition to meeting the above described specialized experience requirements, your IT experience will be evaluated and be expected to include described experience in the following competencies:
Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

For all types of consideration, experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

For additional information about applying to Federal positions, please click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-policies/#url=e4

All applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.
Education
Additional information
This vacancy may be used by any DOT agency to fill similar positions within 90 days.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE: PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. If your resume/ application does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). Your resume must contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make a qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

To compete with U.S. Citizens: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be placed in one of four categories: Platinum, Gold, Silver or Bronze, which is based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. Within these categories, applicants eligible for veteran's preference that have provided supporting documents will receive selection priority over non-veterans. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position.

To compete with other competitive status government employees: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be scored based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. If referred, all relevant documents including performance appraisals and awards submitted with your application package will be forwarded to the hiring official for review.

Eligible Federal employees also seeking consideration for noncompetitive reassignment for this position, must indicate interest in the assessment. In eligibility question 14: select Yes/Other/Former Incumbency of a Position brought into the Competitive Service. Noncompetitive federal candidates must have competitive status on a SF-50, meet minimum qualifications, have served at the same grade or higher, and held or exceeded the promotion potential of this position.

All applicants: Your application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. The answers you select in the on-line process must be substantiated in your application package. If upon review, it is determined that your described work history, competencies, and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, your application may be updated on your behalf or you may not be referred to the selecting official. Please ensure that your work history provides enough details to support your answers. The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your final rating.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
High Risk (HR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
RESUME - All applicants must provide a resume created within USA Jobs Resume Builder, that shows relevant experience, education and support the required specialized experience. Formatted resumes can by uploaded later in the application process.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS/INCENTIVE AWARDS: If applicable, performance appraisals and/or Incentive award documentation may be submitted and forwarded to the selecting official in consideration of your application. To receive credit, submit a recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable (do not submit a performance plan) and/or incentive award documentation dated within the last 18 months (i.e. performance awards, special act or achievement awards, quality step increases, etc.).

VETERANS: Your last DD214 (member 4 copy), Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, that shows the type of discharge and all dates of active duty is required to verify your eligibility.

If applying to a vacancy opened to all US Citizens under category rating and wish to be considered as a preference eligible, you need to submit a copy of your DD214 (member-4 copy).
If claiming preference eligibility as a disabled veteran, you must submit proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally a valid letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. An SF-15 is desired, but not required.
If applying to a vacancy opened Status and you are requesting consideration under Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) (https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/shav/#veoa), you need to provide a copy of your last DD214 (member-4 copy), which verifies your military service dates, reason for separation, OR certification of separation that shows a discharge date within 120 days of the closing of this announcement, and eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act.

FEDERAL APPLICANTS: You must submit your most current and other SF-50(s) that verify your current position, highest competitive grade, full performance level, and eligibility as a federal applicant. DO NOT submit an award SF-50 as these often do not verify grade or eligibility. For consideration for a promotion, Box 4 of the SF-50 must show a date that is at least 52 weeks prior to the job announcement closing. We recommend submitting your last promotion SF-50, current SF-50 or within-grade increase SF-50. Pay adjustment raise SF-50s for the current year will not support the 52 weeks’ time-in-grade requirements. https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/service/SF-50/

NON COMPETITIVE APPLICANTS: If requesting concurrent consideration for Non-competitive (NC) appointment eligibility, you must provide the appropriate SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITY DOCUMENTS, such as PCS orders (military spouse) describing move & marriage certificate; letter from VA or DD214 describing 100% disability of spouse; letter from State Vocational Office certifying disability (schedule A), etc. For more information, visit military spouse NC appointments or Persons with Disabilities NC appointments.

DISPLACED EMPLOYEES: If requesting consideration under the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency CTAP program (ICTAP), you must meet the well qualified standards for this vacancy (meeting minimum requirements for position and scoring at least an 85 or falling in the Gold Category) and provide all of the following documents:

your most recent performance appraisal,
the proof of eligibility letter from the Agency, and
your most current SF-50, displaying current series and grade.

Displaced employees may be eligible for ICTAP or CTAP priority consideration. For more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.

Failure to submit any of the required documents by the closing date of the vacancy will result in your removal from consideration for this position. Please review your application prior to final submission and ensure you have submitted all appropriate documents. Uploading documents to USAJobs does NOT ensure inclusion with your application to our system. You must verify that the documents are in the system with your application prior to final submission.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Open to current and former Federal employees with competitive status, VEOA Applicants, AND All U.S. Citizens."	11322	Washington
IT Infrastructure Project Manager	Inova Health System	Falls Church, VA 22042	None	"Job Description
Ensures technologies are implemented in adherence to IT standards and policies. Works with project stakeholders to ensure decisions align with the infrastructure strategies defined by senior leadership. Exhibits exceptional oral and written communication skills necessary to coordinate across broad technical and non-technical areas; other technology services staff, customers, vendors, partners and leadership; Ensure successful and cooperative completion of tasks and projects and to resolve problems in a timely manner. Communicates project and team status to internal and external audiences to keep project team informed. Primary accountability is to manage small to medium complexity IT Infrastructure Projects. Responsible for all aspects of project management keeping projects on time, within budget, and within scope. Provides timely status reports to reflect project status, issues and risks. Provide project management or organizing function to focus efforts on completing projects. Guide project resources, stakeholders and vendors in efforts to identify objectives, anticipate obstacles, list and schedule tasks.

Job Responsibilities
Broad technical understanding surrounding the delivery of existing IT services and how IT Standards and Policies are applied.
Possesses strong project collaboration skills and able to focus IT resources on addressing and executing in accordance to meeting the project's timeline.
Manages all phases of testing as evidenced by preparation of test data/scripts, development and execution of tests, verification of test results and user acceptance sign off, in accordance with IS documentation standards.
Coordinates and directs project staff to assure projects/requests are completed within time tables and objectives met as evidenced by project plan documentation.
Provides project management leadership as evidenced by project planning, problem resolution, change control and quality assurance, in accordance with established policy.
Evaluates impact present and/or proposed systems have/will have on the organization as evidenced by detailed cost/benefit, statistical and impact analysis.
Develops system documentation as evidenced by completed policy, procedures and systems specifications, in accordance with IS documentation standards.
Exhibits exceptional oral and written communication skills necessary to coordinate across broad technical and non-technical areas; other technology services staff, customers, vendors, partners and leadership.
Efficiently and effectively communicates and follows up in a positive and meaningful manner with stakeholders on (1) project status and progress, (2) tasks and project priorities and (3) elevation of issues and risks impacting project's delivery.
Communicates effectively and timely the status on project implementations and problem resolutions as needed to all appropriate stakeholders and leadership.
Daily status review with manager in accordance with established policies.
Maintains vendor and user relationships and communicates status and problems in a timely, professional manner as evidenced by status reports and issues list, in accordance with IS documentation standards.
Establishes and maintains positive client/vendor relations.
Leads project task force meetings or work groups.
Writes minutes, vendor project correspondence and status reports, in accordance with IT documentation standards.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and as part of a team within a fast-paced environment
Ability to take on project management accountability for IT Infrastructure projects inclusive of new facility design and construction, major departmental relocation's, new business unit infrastructure build out, new solution deployment, and IT solution upgrades, replacements, and retirements.
Planning, organizing and coordinating across impacted areas and resources for projects from inception to project completion.
Develops project plans which lead to timely and successful project completions measured by meeting project deadline, measured by IS management as well as customer feedback.
Sets appropriate expectations for project activities, setting time frames, pushing for results and communicating status to project stakeholders in a timely manner.
Ensures appropriate communication of project status at all phases including planning, execution, completion, and post implementation reviews.
Understanding of existing IT Infrastructure processes.
Able to interpret project goals, collect specific impacts and translate into a detailed, properly communicated plan.
Coordinates appropriate IT resources and customer team members to meet the project needs ensuring all technology requirements are successfully understood, identified, coordinated, and implemented.
Motivates project team to achieve common goals in the delivery of the project
Focuses project team on IT Infrastructure project delivery while recognizing importance of limiting impacts to customers Identifies requirements for, and facilitates project planning and coordination meetings or conference calls.
Focuses discussions on deliverables and addressing needs of the project.


Additional Requirements

Education:
Associates Degree- Information Systems
College degree or equivalent experience
Experience:
2 years of IT infastructure project management
Skills:
3-5 years Experience Project Management, and computer skills (Microsoft Office).
Experience with training and development of training programs"	11322	Washington
IT Support Specialist	Cellphire, Inc.	Rockville, MD 20850	$55,000 - $68,000 a year	Cellphire THERAPEUTICS, INC.Rockville, MDCOMPANY DESCRIPTIONCELLPHIRE THERAPEUTICS is a clinical stage, cell-centric, biopharmaceutical company developing new therapies to treat thrombocytopenia and other forms of bleeding using lyo-preserved platelets. Our approach to cancer and other diseases is to use our proprietary loading platform to deliver therapeutic drugs intra-cellularly.JOB DESCRIPTIONABOUT USCELLPHIRE is a fast growing, clinical stage, biopharmaceutical company developing new cellular based therapies and backed by several large government grants and contractsWe attract smart people who play well with others. We're small enough for your ideas to make a big impact, and large enough to offer you opportunities to grow professionally at any stage of your career.If you’re a quick learner, enjoy working in the biotech industry, and share our mission of providing ground-breaking impact to medicine, each other, and our patients, CELLPHIRE is the place for you!PURPOSE: To coordinate and execute activities which provide support to all employees who use technology to perform their jobs. To support IT initiatives which enhance performance, enforce IT security, and maintain system availability to the entire organization.NATURE AND SCOPE OF DUTIES: This position reports to: IT ManagerThe position will assist in all desktop, and network support activities to include identifying, researching, referring, and resolving issues as they are presented. These issues will include, but are not be limited to, network connectivity, IT security response, basic phone system support, desktop support, system installation and configuration, application support, etc. The incumbent will be responsible for responding to user requests for approved hardware, software, and service changes. Should the incumbent determine that corrections are not apparent or remedial actions are not documented, this person has the authority to communicate with, or attain assistance through internal escalations, support vendors, or other applicable personnel, to ensure timely resolution.The incumbent will have the responsibility to make recommendations to direct reports, to shutdown systems or revoke system privileges if security breaches are suspected.The incumbent will also be responsible for the complete documentation of each issue so as to provide future reference and change control management. Furthermore, along these lines, this position will be accountable for collecting and maintaining data about the organization’s technology assets.This individual will be responsible for identifying, prioritizing, and resolving reported problems, solving routine software, hardware, and procedure problems using appropriate resources including but not limited to computer, Internet, and manuals. The incumbent will communicate.with management staff to determine requirements for new or modified software and hardware, and will install new hardware and software as required, including system updates and patches.To successfully accomplish the aforementioned tasks, the incumbent must routinely keep abreast of software and hardware trends and the available products within the industry.The most difficult aspect of this position is having the ability to recognize and analyze problem situations concerning the issues that have been directed to the help desk to resolve them expeditiously and comprehensively.PRIMARY ACCOUNTABILITIES:Serves as IT project team member and provide necessary support and reporting as required by the .Responds to all requests for assistance as directed.Resolves user issues; support and monitor all open tickets and work orders ensuring that subjects and resolutions are aligned with internal policies and procedures.Maintains call logs and operating procedure documentation.Documents equipment and software installations, including servers, workstations, mobile computing, network appliances and applications.Maintain reasonable response times for user problems and resolutions.Monitors and response to any system or automated alerts, requiring immediate attention.SYSTEM ACCESS:The incumbent will have Administrator level access to approved systems, for the sole purpose of enabling policy drive restrictions and insuring system availability through optimized configuration. This will include view, add, update, and delete capabilities to user security to administer user id’s, passwords, additions and terminations.Privileged use access to core infrastructure systems along with administrative access to portal or cloud-based systems, as required.QUALIFICATIONS:Degree or Certification and 2+ years’ experience in help desk and/or PC support roles, or equivalent work experienceAbility to work independently and proactively.Working knowledge of LAN and WAN environmentsExposure to wireless routing and access pointsExposure to mobile device support, including mobile phones and laptops.Good communication skills, both written and verbalWindows 10, Windows Server, Storage AdministrationVirtualization technologies including Microsoft Hyper-V Server and WorkstationExposure to Office 365 and Azure tenant administration is a PLUS.Microsoft Cloud Administration including Azure Active Directory, VM deployment, Server Migration, etc.Job Type: Full-timePay: $55,000.00 - $68,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11322	Washington
Project Manager	E-Logic, Inc.	Washington, DC	$90,000 - $105,000 a year	Support for the following: planning activities, tasking activities, personnel utilization by labor category, project financials, costs, schedules, and issues/risks management plan.provide a report that identify all activities which IT Security related, and the percentage of time the activities consumed in the previous monthIdentify, track, and manage project risks that may affect the project objectives and document their characteristics.Managing risks and issues and outlines the risk and issue management activities.Ensuring compliance with all program requirements; ensuring the delivery of quality products through effective testing and validation; ensuring compliance with Certification and Accreditation requirementJob Type: Full-timePay: $90,000.00 - $105,000.00 per yearApplication Question(s):What is your desired salary?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Project Management: 5 years (Preferred)System Engineering Life Cycle: 5 years (Preferred)Risk Management: 5 years (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)	11322	Washington
IT Infrastructure & Construction Project Manager (Remote)	M Powered Strategies	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"Based in Washington, DC, MPS is an SBA-certified HUBZone Small Business, dedicated to empowering our clients through innovative change management services, with a focus on organizational effectiveness. Founded by a former Peace Corps volunteer, our consultants have served executives in the federal sector for over a decade, working on several high-profile initiatives. We pride ourselves on being experienced consultants, trusted advisers, and reliable partners. As a designated Employer of National Service, our core value is a commitment to public service.
IT Infrastructure Project Manager
Support the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program.


Support project management across multiple projects across the VISN. Support planning of projects and mitigate risks associated with software development. Able to articulate best practices as it relates to cost and schedule. Ability to support senior leadership presentations, data calls and interagency collaboration
Experience in Construction or Supporting Construction Sites is highly desirable!
Required Qualifications

Minimum of 5 years of experience is required. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirements
Large enterprise network engineer background with a strong understanding of technology stack
Able to plan, design, and oversee deployment of complex enterprise-wide or large-scale information architectures including computer hardware and software, operating systems, middleware, communications hardware and software, and security components
Knowledge of standards for open systems architectures as they apply to the implementation and specification of complex information management solutions to ensure systems are compatible and in compliance with the standards
Able to identify necessary interfaces between enterprise solution applications and legacy IT environments
Able to perform business case analysis and identification of alternative solutions and resulting business impacts
Accomplished communication and troubleshooting skills
Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, Business or related field is required


Preferred Qualifications

Experience in the VA or DOD
Experience, training, or certifications in IT governance frameworks such as ITIL or CMMI
Experience with Electronic Health Records or other Health IT systems
Federal consulting experience
Experience managing Information Technology (IT) related projects


MPS does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status in any of its business activities including recruiting and selection. We are committed to providing a diverse, inclusive and welcoming environment for employees, volunteers, subcontractors, vendors, and clients."	11322	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER (APPLICATIONS SOFTWARE)	US HQDA Field Operating Agencies and Staff Support...	Fort Belvoir, VA	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
About the Position: THIS POSITION IS WITH HQDA, US ARMY LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIVISION LOCATED AT FORT BELVOIR, VIRGINIA
Responsibilities
Serve as a Project Officer in the Information Technology Division (ITD), responsible for managing the coordination and accomplishment of the planning, scope, development, design, construction, and direction of minor/major (IT) projects.
Receive, review, and analyze project/program assignments.
Coordinate with system owners and internal agencies and industry specialists to obtain and exchange information, and develop recommendations for project management decision.
Plans and conducts functional technical activities for projects/programs.
Develop all reports, briefings, and status of assigned projects/programs.
Adapts existing plans and techniques to accomplish complex projects/programs.
Leads and or conducts meetings, briefings, and other tasks.
Advises management on any required policy/procedural changes.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel UP TO 5% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Appointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Qualifications
Who May Apply: Only applicants who meet one of the employment authority categories below are eligible to apply for this job. You will be asked to identify which category or categories you meet, and to provide documents which prove you meet the category or categories you selected. See Proof of Eligibility for an extensive list of document requirements for all employment authorities.

30 Percent or More Disabled Veterans
Current Department of Army Civilian Employees
Current Permanent Department of Defense (DOD) Civilian Employee (non-Army)
Domestic Defense Industrial Base/Major Range and Test Facilities Base Civilian Personnel Workforce
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act
Military Spouses, under Executive Order (E.O.) 13473
Non-Appropriated Fund Instrumentality (NAFI)
Non-Department of Defense (DoD) Transfer
Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Interchange Agreement Eligible
People with Disabilities, Schedule A
Priority Placement Program, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) Eligible
Reinstatement
Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) of 1998

In order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Additional information about transcripts is in this document.

BASIC REQUIREMENT FOR IT PROJECT MANAGER (APPLICATIONS SOFTWARE):
Specialized and Other Experience: I have one year of specialized experience which includes; Plan and execute technical activities for projects and/or programs; develop and/or coordinate with system owners/internal agencies to share information to facilitate effective project management decisions; and effectively manage coordination and completion of IT project from inception to delivery.

This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the next lower grade/level position in the federal service GS-11.

The specialized experience must include, or be supplemented by, information technology related experience (paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training, as appropriate) which demonstrates each of the four competencies, as defined:

(1) Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: leading others by setting the standards for the quality of work, even in the most difficult and/or high pressure circumstances; reviewing and editing work completed by others to ensure that the quality of work meets acceptable work standards.

(2) Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: using expertise and experience to address complex problems, questions, or complaints; anticipating customer needs and modify the team's work activities, processes, and practices to meet these needs; collaborating across team and outside of own team to organize planning sessions that elicit ideas for improving customer service and support.

(3) Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: clearly explaining and defending complex ideas, appropriately adapting to each audience's level of knowledge; actively listening and clarifying points when presenting highly complex and controversial findings; using well-constructed, fact-based arguments to persuade stakeholders/officials to take action on suggestions for improvement.

(4) Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: providing precedent setting solutions to unique problems not previously encountered; helping team make decisions which are complicated by the number and nature of existing policy, guidelines, and organizational goals; identifying the root causes of problems; developing systemic solutions to address them and prevent them from reoccurring.

You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas:

Information Resources Strategy and Planning
Planning and Evaluating
Project Management

Time in Grade Requirement: Applicants who have held a General Schedule (GS) position within the last 52 weeks must have 52 weeks of Federal service at the next lower grade or equivalent (GS-11).
Education
** Some federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required experience in order to qualify. For this job, you must meet the qualification requirement using experience alone-no substitution of education for experience is permitted.
Additional information
Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration.
You will be required to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Direct deposit of pay is required.
Selection is subject to restrictions resulting from Department of Defense referral system for displaced employees.
If you have retired from federal service and you are interested in employment as a reemployed annuitant, see the information in the Reemployed Annuitant information sheet.
This is a Career Program (CP) 34 - Information Technology/Cyber Management position.
You may claim military spouse preference (MSP).
If a MSP applicant is determined best qualified and selected, placement must be at the full performance level for priority consideration.
Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement.
Salary includes applicable locality pay or Local Market Supplement.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Payment of Permanent Change of Station (PCS) costs is NOT authorized, based on a determination that a PCS move is not in the Government interest.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the announcement has closed, a review of your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified, your résumé and supporting documentation will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your level of experience. If, after reviewing your résumé and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying, errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP). If you are a Federal employee in the competitive service and your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority for this position. To receive selection priority, you must: (1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria (2) be rated well-qualified for the position and; (3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. To be considered well-qualified and receive selection priority applicants must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a score of 90 or above. Additional information about the program is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). Please review the following links to see which documents you need to provide to prove your eligibility to apply: Applicant Merit Checklist and Proof of Eligibility.

As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.


1. Your resume:

Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy.
For qualifications determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., HRS per week and month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as incomplete and you may not receive consideration for this position.
For additional information see: What to include in your resume.
2. Other supporting documents:
Cover Letter, optional
Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable
Proof of Eligibility to Apply: Your application must include the documents which prove you are eligible to apply for the vacancy. The Proof of Eligibility document describes authorities commonly used in merit promotion recruitment and what document(s) are required to prove you meet the requirements of the authority. You must meet the requirements of at least one of the authorities listed in the Who May Apply section above to receive further consideration.
Time-in-grade documentation: If you are applying for a higher grade and your SF-50 has an effective date within the past year, it may not clearly demonstrate you meet the one year time-in-grade requirement so you will need to provide an SF-50 which clearly demonstrates you meet the time-in-grade requirements (examples of appropriate SF-50s include Promotions, Within-grade Grade/Range Increases, and SF-50s with an effective date more than one year old).
NOTE: Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove another person's personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
See ""Who May Apply"" in the ""Qualifications"" section for more information on who is eligible to apply for this position."	11322	Washington
Project Specialist	US Food and Drug Administration	Silver Spring, MD	$72,750 - $94,581 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is in the Food and Drug Administration, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Office of the Center Director, Drug Safety Operations located in Silver Spring, MD. As Project Specialist, handles center-wide projects encompassing all offices and Divisions in the Center; and works with staff on varied projects within the Office. This position reports to the Associate Director for Drug Safety Operations.
Responsibilities
Handles center-wide projects encompassing all offices and Divisions in the Center; and works with staff on varied projects within the Office.
Works with other staff to develop project plans, including setting time frames, milestones, and agreed-upon work products; and gathers a variety of data to complete varied projects.
Responsible for the development, management, and evaluation of correspondence system to assure necessary and timely identification and processing of inquiries and other correspondence and documents for referral.
Monitors and reports status of all assigned project management activities through interaction with project participants, staff members, and, if required, supervisors and directors.
Travel Required
25% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
11
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Development Specialists
Specialists, Development
Specialists, Training
Training And Development Specialists
Training Specialists
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Citizenship Requirement: You must be a U.S. Citizen to be considered for this advertisement unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Selective Service Registration: All applicants born male, on (or after) 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service System OR have an approved exemption. Visit www.SSS.gov for more info.
FDA participates in e-Verify: All new hires must complete the I-9 form; this information will be processed through e-Verify to determine your employment eligibility. If a discrepancy arises, you must take affirmative steps to resolve the matter.
Background Investigation Requirement: All employees must pass a security investigation. Failing to pass the background check may be grounds for removal or legal action. If hired, you may be subject to additional investigations at a later time.
Time-in-Grade Requirement: If you are applying as a current Federal employee, you must meet the time-in-grade requirements described in the Qualifications section, generally, 52-weeks of comparable experience at the next lowest grade.
You must meet ALL requirements by the closing date of this announcement to be considered. Only education, experience, and qualifications attained by this date will be considered. You must continue to meet all requirements through the hiring process.
Certification of Accuracy: All information concerning eligibility and qualification is subject to investigation and verification. False representation may be grounds for non-consideration, non-selection, or appropriate legal action.
Direct Deposit: You will be required to have all federal salary payments electronically deposited into a bank account with a financial institution of your choice.
Additional selections may be made from this vacancy, within the same geographical area, by other organizational elements from within FDA, through shared corporate recruiting activities.
A probationary period may be required.
Qualifications
The position of Project Specialist falls under the 0301 occupational series. To qualify for this position at grade GS-11, you must meet Time-in-Grade requirements by 11:59 pm EST on 06/21/2021.

Applicants must meet the minimum qualification requirements.


Minimum Qualification Requirements:
GS 11- In order to qualify for the GS-11, applicants must have one year of specialized experience, equivalent to the GS-09 in the Federal service to include developing recommendations on projects; acting on deadline action items; tracking the status of all projects; assisting staff in project development and the dissemination of project information to related work groups. -OR-
Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related.

Specialized Experience. Specialized experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

Note: One year of full-time graduate education is considered to be the number of credit hours that the school you attended has determined to represent one year of study. If this information cannot be obtained from your school, we will consider 18 semester/27 quarter hours to be equal to one year of full-time study. This position requires a degree or completion of specific courses in order to meet the basic education requirement. You must submit an official transcript, unofficial transcript, or a list including courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Your transcript(s) must clearly demonstrate the course(s) listed in the Basic Qualification requirement section. If the transcript(s) does not clearly demonstrate this, you must submit a copy of the course description and/or other documentation demonstrating that the courses are equivalent. Degree requirements must be met by the closing date of this job announcement and your transcript(s) submitted must reflect this.
Preferred Experience: Highly qualified applicants will be familiar/have experience with 1) platforms such as Microsoft Teams, Zoom to support collaboration, calls, meetings and 2) document management/intranet platforms to store, collaborate, and share information across the organization (e.g. SharePoint Online).

Time-in-Grade: Any individual who is currently holding, or has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet time-in-grade requirements (must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade or equivalent in the Federal service). Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

In accordance with Office of Personnel Management policy, federal employees are assumed to have gained experience by performing duties and responsibilities appropriate for their official series and grade level as described in their position description. Experience that would not normally be part of the employee's position is creditable, however, when documented by satisfactory evidence, such as a signed memorandum from the employee's supervisor or an SF-50 or SF-52 documenting an official detail or other official assignment. The documentation must indicate whether the duties were performed full time or, if part time, the percentage of times the other duties were performed. It is expected that this documentation is included in the employee's official personnel record. In order to receive credit for experience in your resume that is not within the official series and grade level of your official position, you must provide a copy of the appropriate documentation of such experience as indicated above.

If you are applying based on some other qualifying eligibility (i.e. you are not applying as a current Federal employee), you must meet the specific requirements of the eligibility you are claiming, and must have sufficient past experience to demonstrate that you are minimally qualified for this position. See Unique Hiring Paths on USAJOBS for more information about various ways you may be eligible to apply!

PHS Commissioned Corps Officers interested in performing the duties of this position within the Commissioned Corps may apply online to this announcement. Candidates will be referred to (CC) personnel and not as candidates for conversion to a permanent career or career-conditional appointment.

NOTE: It is your responsibility to ensure your responses and appropriate documentation is submitted prior to the closing date. To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, https://my.usajobs.gov/Account/Login, select the Application Status link and then select the More Information link for this position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent related to this application.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. Qualifications are based on breadth/level of experience. In addition to describing duties performed, applicants must provide the exact dates of each period of employment (from MM/YY to MM/YY) and the number of hours worked per week if part time. As qualification determinations cannot be made when resumes do not include the required information, failure to provide this information may result in disqualification. Applicants are encouraged to use the USAJOBS Resume Builder to develop their federal resume.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

You must submit supporting documentation to verify your eligibility to apply for this vacancy. For most applicants, an SF-50 will be required. However, if you are applying as a Veteran, individual with a qualifying disability, or a displaced employee, you will be required to provide other supporting documents as applicable. See the Required Documents section for details.

Be sure that any files you upload as supporting documentation are free of security or compression features which render such documents unreadable to our system.
Education
EDUCATION:
If you are claiming education as any part of your qualifications for this position, you must submit an official transcript, unofficial transcript, or a list including courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program. For further information, click on foreign education.

TRANSCRIPTS:
Positions which are scientific or technical in nature often have very specific educational requirements. You must submit an official transcript, unofficial transcript, or a list including courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities, see the Foreign Education section below for additional requirements.


Pay careful attention to the Qualifications and Education sections to identify vacancies where a transcript is required. Even if you hold a similar position or are a current employee, you are not exempt from transcript requirements.


Electronic Transcript Caution: If you have obtained your transcripts electronically, the file might contain security measures that could prevent our application system from reading the file. Therefore, you should consider asking the institution to provide the file in a non-secured electronic format. Alternatively, you could scan or take a photo of the printed copy of the transcript. If your uploaded transcript cannot be read by our system, you may receive consideration and credit for the information we can access.

See the Application Manager Documentation for tips on submitting your paper-based documents.


FOREIGN EDUCATION
Applicants
using part or all of their education completed outside of the U.S. to meet the qualification requirements
, must have their foreign education evaluated by an accredited organization to ensure that the foreign education is comparable to education received in accredited educational institutions in the U.S. We will only accept the completed foreign credential evaluation.

To be acceptable, the foreign credential evaluation must include/describe at a minimum, the following information: (1) The type of education received by the applicant; (2) The level of education in relation to the U.S. education system, and state that its comparability recommendations follow the general guidelines of the International Evaluation Standards Council; (3) The content of the applicant's educational program earned abroad, and the standard obtained; (4) The status of the awarding foreign school's recognition and legitimacy in its home country's education system; and (5) Any other information of interest such as what the evaluation service did to obtain this information, the qualifications of the evaluator, and any indications as to other problems such as forgery.
Note: Some positions require the completion of specific courses or a specified number of credit hours. Therefore, the foreign credential evaluation should provide information similar to that of an official transcript, to include a list of the courses taken, quarter and/or semester hours awarded, the cumulative grade point average (GPA), honors received, if any, date degree awarded.

Applicants can request an evaluation from a member organization of one of the two national associations of credential evaluation services listed below:
National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES)
Association of International Credentials Evaluators
(AICE)

Credential evaluations are not free, and applicants are responsible for the cost of the selected service.
For more information about this requirement, please visit the U.S. Department of Education website for Foreign Education Evaluation
Additional information
For some advertisements, the Food & Drug Administration receives hundreds, even thousands, of applications from job-seekers. Because of this high level of interest, FDA reserves the option of setting an application number limit.

When an application limit is set, USAJOBS will close the vacancy at 11:59 pm Eastern Time on either:
(A) the day the limit is reached, -OR-

(B) the pre-defined closing date of , whichever comes first.
If the limit is reached before 11:59 pm ET, all applications in excess of the limit will continue to be accepted until 11:59 pm ET.
The application limit for this advertisement, if applicable, is: 100
For more information about announcement closing, see: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/faq/job-announcement/expiration/

ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT THAT MAY BE REQUIRED

Pre-employment physical: NO

Drug testing: NO
License: NO
Mobility agreement: NO
Immunization: NO
Bargaining Unit Position: YES, 3591
If you are serving, or have served in the last 5 years (from ) as an Executive Branch political, Schedule C, or Non-career SES appointee, HHS/FDA may be required to obtain approval by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) prior to beginning employment. You can find out if you have held one of these appointment types by looking at your Standard Form 50s in your Electronic Official Personnel Folder (eOPF), in Section 5 where the legal authorities are listed. If you have served or are currently serving, you must provide a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, documenting this appointment. In addition, you will be required to respond to the question in the assessment and certify your responses to the questionnaire. Political Appointees FAQ - OPM
Special Appointing Authorities: If you are applying to this announcement based a special eligibility, such as those for people with disabilities, veterans (or military spouses), or displaced employees under a career transition program, please pay careful attention to the Required Documents section for details on application requirements for each eligibility path, to include supporting document requirements.
All requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement (06/21/2021 ); only education and experience gained by this date will be considered. You must continue to meet all requirements throughout the entire hiring process.

This position may require financial disclosure reporting and will be subject to FDA's prohibited financial interest regulation. If you are hired, you may be required to divest of certain financial interests. You are advised to seek additional information on this requirement from the hiring official before accepting any job offers. For more information please visit the FDA Ethics web page: https://www.fda.gov/about-fda/jobs-and-training-fda/ethics.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the job opportunity announcement closes (at 11:59 pm EST on06/21/2021 ), a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be conducted, the information will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your eligibility for Federal employment, and then whether you are qualified for this particular position.

If you are referred to the hiring manager for consideration, you may be further evaluated based on an interview; review of requested work samples, writing samples, most recent performance evaluation(s), or professional references; or results of an oral presentation or work-related test. Failure to comply with any of the additional assessment requirements will result in removal from further consideration. These assessment methods/tools may also be listed under Key Requirements.

If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your responses when compared to your background information, you may be deemed ineligible, or your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your skills and abilities. Additionally, we will review your supporting documents and resume to determine if you are in the ""Area of Consideration"" for this vacancy. Government-Wide Merit Promotion vacancies may only accept applications from a limited audience, pay careful attention to the ""Who May Apply"" and the ""Hiring Paths"" information. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

Basis of Rating: Merit Promotion Procedures for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will be used to rate and rank candidates. The category assignment is a measure of the degree in which your background matches the competencies required for this position. Qualified candidates will be ranked into one of three categories: Best Qualified, Well-Qualified or Qualified.

Interagency / Career Transition Assistance Program (I/CTAP):Well-Qualified is defined as an applicant who meets the qualification standards and eligibility requirements for the position, including minimum educational and experience requirements; any qualifications and suitability; is able to perform the essential duties of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation; meets any applicable selective placement factors for the position (such as the ability to speak a specific language or any other factor required immediately upon hire); and is able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, surplus or displaced Federal employees must be rated at 85.0 or above on the rating criteria for this position. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics). You need not respond to the KSA's separately, but your resume should contain sufficient information to demonstrate possession of these competencies.

Administration and Management
Oral Communication
Project Management
Writing
To preview the application questionnaire, click the link below
https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11129362

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

Resume
Resume Requirements:
Resume Writing Tutorial
Resume Writing FAQ
ACCEPTED DOCUMENTS:
Cover Letter
DD-214/ Statement of Service
Disability Letter (Schedule A)
Disability Letter (VA)
License
Other supporting documentation not listed above
PCS Orders
Performance Appraisal
Professional Certification
Resume
Separation Notice (RIF)
SF-15
SF-50/ Notification of Personnel Action
Transcript
*Accepted documents may be required for some applicants depending on which eligibility options you're applying for, see the list below for details for each eligibility. If you need help submitting documentation, please see Applicant Help Site - Documents. If you are still unsure what documents might be required of you, please contact the FDA Applicant Help Desk before the announcement closes. For transcript submission requirements, see the Education section.

Current and Former Federal Employees:

To properly verify eligibility and time-in-grade, you must submit the following:
SF-50 from your most recent Promotion, Within Rate/Grade Increase (WRI/WGI), Appointment, or Separation showing you are/were in the competitive service and the highest grade or promotion potential held. SF-50 submitted cannot be an annual pay adjustment or award.
Your SF-50 must show the following information:
Full position title;
Appointment type;
Pay Plan, Series, Grade & Step;
Tenure code; and
Service Computation Date (SCD).
Learn more on the USAJOBS SF-50 Help Page.

Veterans & Military Spouses:
You must submit a DD-214 form (Certificate of Release or Discharge) that has the dates of service and discharge status.
Active Duty Members: To claim status Under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to hire Heroes Act of 2011, submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
Parents of Deceased or Disabled Veterans: To claim status under Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Widow or Widower: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Spouse of a Living Veteran: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference, and Documentation of Veteran's Inability to Work Because of a Service-Connected Disability. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
See Feds Hire Vets or USAJOBS' Veterans page for more details.

People with Disabilities (Schedule A):
Individuals with intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities, may apply for appointment through the Schedule A hiring authority. Certified verification of a disability from a licensed medical professional; a licensed vocational rehabilitation specialist; or any Federal, state, or District of Columbia agency or U.S. territory that issues or provides disability benefits will be required. Learn more on the USAJOBS Individuals with Disabilities Site.

Displaced employees:
If you are a former Federal employee who was displaced due to a Reduction-in-Force (RIF) or surplused by some other means, please submit a copy of the separation letter or RIF notice from your agency. To be selected under I/CTAP, you must still be found well-qualified for this position. See the How You Will Be Evaluated section for the agency's definition of well-qualified. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
This position is open to Federal employees with career or career-conditional appointments in the competitive service; former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility; displaced Federal employees under CTAP and ICTAP; veterans eligible under provisions of VEOA who are preference eligibles or who have been separated under honorable conditions after 3 years or more of continuous active service; Military Spouses; PHS Commissioned Corps; and individuals with disabilities."	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager	Potawatomi Training, LLC	Washington, DC	None	"IT Project Manager (Healthcare Emphasis)

Location: Washington, DC / Rockville, MD area

Employment Status: Full Time Regular

FLSA Classification: Exempt
Certification Requirement: ***PMP certification is required***

Position Summary:
Potawatomi Training, LLC is seeking a qualified candidate with five (5) or more years of experience as an IT Project Manager with an emphasis in Healthcare in the Washington, DC / Rockville, MD area.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

Travel as needed to various locations throughout the country, to conduct liaison with Management, Federal agencies, and employees towards various projects.
Assist with recruiting, hiring, supervising, appraising, and counseling assigned personnel.
Coordinate multiple projects and reconciling the interdependence among them.
Provide strategic guidance to the team.
Facilitate communication among cross functional teams.
Initiate, plan, execute, monitor, control, and close projects.
ensure that milestones are met.
Manage budget as assigned.
Provides regular, frequent reports to the program manager on the status of each assigned project, to include an assessment of performance, identification of strengths or weaknesses, and potential problem areas.
In coordination with project managers, recommends, coordinates, and monitors individual support of projects in other program areas, conducting periodic counseling and annual performance reviews.

Project Manager Level 1

Coordinates, directs, and supervises all technical work executed.
Supervision of the day-to-day work-related activities of assigned project personnel to include making individual task assignments.
Experience in the following:
Assist in the Development of Staffing Plans, Status Reports
Assist in the Development and execution of Project Management Plans, to include Schedules, Milestones, and Budget Plans,
Policy and Process Analyses covering, but not limited to existing system compliance with regulations, legal agreements with fiscal intermediaries, and impacts to tribal funding agreements.
Gap analyses as needed to evaluate and recommend solutions related to the work.
Performance metrics related to COVID-19 data.
Familiar with Earned Value Management (EVM) support
Familiar with COVID-19 Health Information Technology data management and initiatives.
Knowledge of HIPAA and its policies.

Common Task Requirements:

Operates office equipment such as fax machines, copiers, phone systems and use computers for spreadsheets, word processing, database management, electronic mail and other applications.
Prepares and reviews reports, memos, letters, forms, briefings, emails, and other documents using Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint software.
Provides customer service as needed and responds to information requests.
Performs in-processing and out-processing functions of employees.
Completes applicable reports on various programs as assigned, identify deficiencies, create, and administer Corrective Action Plans using fact-finding and problem analysis, and track to resolution.
Ensures a professional work environment, free from all forms of unlawful discrimination or harassment

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree within the information technology field; preferably data management
Five (5) or more years of experience as an IT Project Manager
Five (5) or more years of experience as a Program Manager
Five (5) years of experience working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Healthcare experience preferred
PMP certification required

Other Requirements:

Must be physically able to perform all the technical duties.
Ability to travel as needed, to support meetings, conferences, and training requirements.
Must be able to adapt under a highly stressful multi-task environment for extended periods of time/up to eight (8) hours.
Team player within organization and interactive with other support agencies
If prior service, must have received an honorable discharge.
Applicant will be subject to Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Position upon award of contract

Potawatomi Training, LLC is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class."	11322	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
IT Services Manager	outsourceIT	Washington, DC	$65,000 - $95,000 a year	outsourceIT is currently seeking a Service Manager. This role will lead and motivate a team of support staff to deliver excellent technical/non-technical support with outstanding customer service, satisfaction, and timeliness This position has frequent contact with customers, direct reports, peers, and vendors. The Service Manager will participate in the ongoing management of service level compliance, resolution of daily issues, and enforcing compliance within established company standards and policies pertaining to Service Ticket handling. The Service Manager is also responsible for performing QA checks, identifying trends, and making recommendations on how we can consistently improve the quality of service and response times to our customers. This position will report directly to the Vice President of Service and will be responsible for the overall experience and customer satisfaction of the interactions with the Service Desk.Who is outsourceIT?outsourceIT is a leading outsourced IT provider for small and medium (SMB) sized businesses. Our full-service product line is designed around the needs of SMB’s; Managed IT Services, Cloud-Based Application and Hardware Services, Cyber Security, and IT Consulting Services. As a customer-centric business, we focus on delivering products and services with a high degree of customer care. We strive to ensure every end-user experience is met with the same high degree of responsiveness and quality.Position ResponsibilitiesEnsure service requests are addressed in a timely manner through SLA monitoringDrive continuous process improvement to ensure Support Technicians are being utilized to their full potential while delivering consistent service levels and quick resolutionsMeasure and report the performance of the Support staff to identify performance trends and when appropriate, develop and implement changes to correct sub-standard performance issuesMonitor utilization and productivity of a local and remote support team and recommend changes in staffing levelsContribute to incident resolution by giving support to end users when necessaryTrain, coach, and mentor Support staff and ensure appropriate training initiatives for new and existing staffOversee new customer onboarding projects to deliver a complete and consistent experience to the customerAssist with identifying and recommending end user training programs to increase computer literacy and self-sufficiencyEnsure all requests opened for their team are being actively worked and progressing towards an expeditious resolutionSupervise, develop, and mentor their team members to help improve their technical knowledge and customer management skillsAssists with interviewing Support staff candidatesStay current on both the technology and product frontsWork late shift and/or on-call rotation as requiredPosition RequirementsBachelor’s degree or equivalent experienceMust have 5 years of experience working directly with Customer SupportPrior Managed Service Provider experienceManaged Services Platform Software – Kaseya and ConnectWiseAbility to troubleshoot technical issues at a high level to determine the appropriate path to resolutionDemonstrated success at a company in similar nature for a minimum of 3 years and as a Service Manager or similar for at least 2 yearsMust be capable of dealing confidently and professionally with CustomersMust be a team player and build good working relationships across all functionsMust have a strong personal drive for delivering industry-leading Customer support, and thrive in a fast-paced, high energy environment with a proactive focusOrganized and analytical, able to eliminate obstacles through creative and adaptive approachesAbility to overcome obstacles and obtain results under tight deadlinesDemonstrated strong written and verbal communicationMust be comfortable in the dynamic atmosphere of a technical organization with a rapidly expanding customer baseMust be prepared for moderate travel throughout outsourceIT’s service territoryAbility to work eight hours a day sitting, using a keyboard, and speaking on the phoneAbility to bend, stoop & carry at least 50lbsInsurable driving record & current driver licenseBenefitsAs a Service Manager with outsourceIT, you will be part of one of the leading Managed Service Providers in the region, an organization with more than 15 years of success in providing outstanding support and technologies to the SMB market. There’s no shortage of training and advancement opportunities and you will have the opportunity to work alongside some of the industries most experienced engineers. Your hard work and dedication will be rewarded with a competitive compensation package.As a Service Manager, you are eligible to receive:Excellent and affordable health, dental and vision coverageIRA15 days PTO (vacation and discretionary leave)Paid holidaysTraining reimbursementEducational reimbursementFrequent company social eventsWe look forward to you joining our team!Job Type: Full-timePay: $65,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:www.outsourceitcorp.comCompany's Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/outsourceIT.MD/	11322	Washington
Jr. Project Manager	Qlarion Inc.	Reston, VA 20191 (Hattontown area)	$93,000 - $103,000 a year	Qlarion seeks Technical Data Consultants who can and have worked directly with clients to understand their business and translate that understanding into valuable analytical assets that improve operations and make an impact in the community. Through their work experience, our consultants demonstrate a passion for data and desire for continuous education and growth. We seek dynamic, well-rounded technologists that possess a solid business acumen plus great functional skills and a desire to communicate their ideas and work directly with clients.What differentiates a Qlarion technologist is that our staff knows how to work with data and analytics by understanding and refining it through adept perception of their client’s business. Translating that understanding into valuable data and analytical assets that improve a client’s ability to meet their mission and better serve the public.We are seeking a JR Project Manager for our Richmond, VA area office who meets the Requirements below.MUST HAVE REQUIREMENTS:U.S. Citizenship or Green Card Holder.A clear concise Resume NOT more than 5 pages longA BS Computer Science or BS Engineering or a BS Degree in a related fieldBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related fieldDeep experience leading technical teams across multiple delivery streams and owning client relations.Strong functional project experience including Public sector analytics project planning and management throughout the development life cycle , driving solutioning sessions, leading discovery workshops, development of documentation, workflow and processes definition, and extensive client-facing communicationsAnalytical mindset to include the ability to decompose complex problems or needs into consumable components and apply solid business logic to develop relevant strategic guidance, practical planning, and clear communications.Extensive Project Management/Lead experience to include defining and staying within the scope of the project, developing project schedules, monitoring overall progress and use of resourcesMust demonstrate strong analytical and problem-solving skillsStrong oral and written communication skills, with the ability to communicate to various levels of management.Ability to adapt to changing business processes, technologies, and environments.Job Type: Full-timePay: $93,000.00 - $103,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Our U.S. Govt. clients contractually require us to hire ONLY U.S. Citizens or Green Card Holder for their projects. Are you a United States citizen or Green card holder?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Project management: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:qlarion.comBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processVirtual meetings	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager, Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Washington, DC	None	"Key Role:
Manage consulting engagements and technology-based Information Technology (IT) solution projects for clients. Apply leading-edge principles, theories, and concepts; contributes to the development of new principles and concepts. Manage unusually complex problems and provides highly innovative solutions. Operate with substantial latitude for unreviewed action or decision. Mentor employees in both firm and technical competencies.
Basic Qualifications:
Experience in Project Management (PM)
Experience with managing large-scale development efforts involving at least 15 developers
Experience with using PM software solutions, including Jira or YouTrack
Experience with Agile
Ability to obtain a security clearance
BA or BS Degree
Additional Qualifications:
Certified ScrumMaster or Certified Agile Coach
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	11322	Washington
IT Asset Manager	General Dynamics Information Technology	Rosslyn, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
Develop and maintain logistics data, accurate material, software and equipment inventory, prepare and monitor material purchases, process material for disposal, provide supply support, and participate in process improvement activities as that pertain to logistics processes. Through analysis of parts and material demand trend data identify and perform packaging, handling, shipping, receiving and transportation of materials and supplies to ensure the timely and efficient delivery and continuity of support for the 7 x 24 operations.
Maintains inventory of Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) hardware/software.
Exercises control over receipt of hardware/software.Enters information into approved inventory systems and provide reports on hardware/software items and locations as directed.
Maintains accountability of non-expendable equipment items.Conducts cost/benefit analysis for acquisition of GFE and conducts evaluation of vendor products and prices to meeting requirements.
Manages the process of receiving, issuing, testing, packing, shipping and tracking of classified and unclassified equipment and supplies locally.
Performs asset control, coordination and control of internal and external moves of GFE, verification of invoices and accountability inspections as required.Maintains required stock levels of materials and supplies to support the operation and engineering efforts.Develop and maintain a CMDB for hardware and software assets.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelors of Art or Bachelors of Science degree or 8 years of related field experience.Currently possess a DOD Secret security clearance
Desired Skills:Experience with ServiceNow or RemedyHighly organized
Proven ability to coordinate with a wide variety of stakeholders
Working knowledge of basic Microsoft office applications
Effective written and verbal communication skills
Persistent and polite follow-up with leadership and staff to maintain delivery schedules
Problem solving and attention to detail
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager (Cerner Revenue Cycle Team)	Mission Consulting and Services	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	$139,000 - $149,000 a year	Supporting the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program -- plans for the integration and deployment of 10 major Revenue Cylce packages. Integrates and schedules efforts with local deployment teams. Logs and tracks Requirements. Participates and develops products for the Governance boards.Minimum qualifications:Minimum of 10 years of experience. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirementsMust be well versed in lifecycle and project management methodologiesExperience managing Information Technology related projectsExperience in tracking costs, schedule, and performance progressAble to translate solution workflow risk analysis to user functional validation prioritiesExperience monitoring solution defect findings and resolutionProficient in triaging user requirements against solution design and development roadmapBachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific /technical disciplinePreferred qualifications:Experience with the Department of Veterans AffairsExperience with Cerner Revenue Cycle solution suiteJob Type: Full-timePay: $139,000.00 - $149,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Cerner: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One location	11322	Washington
Office Manager	Eutelsat America Corp	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	$31,962 - $90,000 a year	Position DescriptionPosition: Office ManagerReports to: Chief Executive OfficerDepartment: ExecutiveClassification: ExemptPosition SummaryManages EAC office operations including mail services, requisition and organization of office supplies and office equipment. Maintains facility appearance and interacts with property management company on a regular basis. Provides IT, accounting and administrative support cross functionally as requested. Will develop, coordinate, and communicategeneral office procedures and facility updates, assist with meeting and travel logistics for EAC staff, Board of Directors and visitors. Assist with event planning.Position Functions and ResponsibilitiesTo perform this job successfully, each essential duty and responsibility must be performed satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable an individual with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Other duties may be assigned to meet business needs.Essential Functions and ResponsibilitiesManage the day-to-day office operations and front desk area; prepare visit requests, check-in visitors, mail collection and distribution with frequent interface with the delivery personnel, property management company, business service providers, on-site security and garage staffOversee the maintenance of all office equipment, order and stock supplies and maintain inventory; maintain EAC’s common areas (kitchen, supply closets, meeting rooms etc.)Work directly with external and internal resources for, office repairs, deliveries, catering, travel, and other staff and event needs.Process administrative payables and receivables, secure invoice approvals and provide document administration and control support to finance group (file month end documents on SharePoint; assist with audit document collections as needed), process monthly expense report for office expenditures.Provide assistance in managing IT processes, monitor and manage help desk tickets and onsite patching and maintenance processes with external vendor, manage IT equipment and software inventory including vendor selection, ordering, managing the life-cycle, scheduling of remote and on-site maintenance and upgrades, and decommissioning of the corporate equipment pool.Development of documentation and operating instructions for IT procedures and provide supplemental basic on-site IT support.Coordinate and schedule staff, Board of Director, and client meetings; coordinate use of office facilities and special internal company events; assist other departments with industry events such as trade shows, travel arrangements and coordination as requestedWork cross functionally to assist the CEO and other departments (Legal, Sales, Engineering, Finance, IT, Marketing) with administrative support and requestsProvide assistance to remote sales staff for presentations, equipment, infrastructure changes, and order processing.Assist with maintenance of company master calendar and preparation of Board briefing document and staff presentations.Assist with the onboarding and offboarding of new staff members.Secondary Functions and ResponsibilitiesCommunicate regularly with staff regarding facility and building security notices and updatesAssist the Facility Security Officer (FSO), Emergency Response Committee, and the EAC Fire Warden with on-site facility safety protocols, procedures, and communication. Manage information and keep a record/filing system related to the company and vendors accurate and up to dateManage the organizational chart and phone listsExecute special projects as neededKnowledge, Skills and AbilitiesKnowledgeable of general office management best practices and basic accounting principalsProficient in Microsoft Office products including Word, Excel, and PowerPointPrevious experience with SharePoint and/or other project management or financial databases is preferredPrefer individual with an active Security Clearance and or the ability to obtain one * Self-directed and demonstrates initiative and resourcefulness to problem-solveExcellent verbal, writing, and communication skillsDemonstrated organizational acumen to maintain physical inventories as well as technical dataAbility to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlinesCollaborative team player who can work cooperatively with a wide variety of internal and external staff and resourcesEducation:College degree or equivalent office management/administrative experienceExperience:3 to 5 years’ experience in an office management or high level executive assistant position requiredPrevious facility and purchasing experience preferredExperience managing IT and office functions in a fast-paced environmentWorking Conditions/Physical Requirements:Normal sitting and standing activities for an office environment.To ApplySend an email with the position title in the subject line and include your resume, a cover letter, and your minimum salary requirement. Eutelsat America Corp is an Equal Opportunity Employer.This position description should not be construed to imply that the requirements are the sole standards for the position. Incumbents are expected to perform all other duties as required. Please sign below to acknowledge receipt of position description and responsibility for reviewing this document.EAC does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions, and a woman's right to breastfeed), disability (physical or mental), age (18 and older), genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, matriculation, family responsibilities, personal appearance, political affiliation, marital status, veteran or military status, tobacco use, credit information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.Job Type: Full-timePay: $31,962.00 - $90,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:IT administration: 3 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
Liquor Store Manager; Grade 21	Montgomery County Government	Rockville, MD	$54,947 - $90,848 a year	"This position is open only to:
(1) Current Montgomery County Government employees;
(2) Montgomery County employees who were affected by reduction-in-force and currently have RIF priority rights;
(3) Active Montgomery County local fire and rescue department volunteers with at least 50 points under the length of service award program; or

(4) Current Project SEARCH Interns or former Montgomery County Customized Employment Public Interns or Project SEARCH Interns within 24 months of completion of internship.
This recruitment will establish an eligible list to fill current and future vacancies.
The Department of Alcohol Beverage Services(ABS) is recruiting for Liquor Store Manager positions to manage the Montgomery County Falls Grove Liquor Dispensary. ABS is seeking highly qualified individuals with retail store operations experience that are customer service focused and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment.
Duties include:
Responsibility for management of all aspects of operations within the four walls of assigned store, including but not limited to: profitability, merchandising, and customer service
Providing personnel evaluation recommendations and employee performance management and discipline
Scheduling work assignments
Providing general supervision of employees
Training new personnel and instructing employees regarding ABS' policies and procedures
Ensuring prompt and courteous service to customers and good relations with the general public
Overseeing the ordering, receipt, and storage of merchandise
Maintaining control and sales records, including daily sales summaries, and inventories
Maintaining the store in a clean and orderly condition
Supervising enforcement of all measures designed to ensure security of the store
Selected candidates may be assigned to any store within the County system and must be available to work all shifts based on the anticipated scheduling needs of the department.
Selected candidates are required to successfully complete a pre-employment physical exam, drug and alcohol screening, and criminal background check. Upon appointment, employees must successfully complete and pass the Alcohol Intervention Training course required by the State of Maryland within three (3) months of employment.
For additional information regarding the ABS, its mission and additional opportunities please visit https://www.montgomerycountymd.gov/dlc/
Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to OHR@montgomerycountymd.gov . Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience: Three (3) years of experience in liquor store retail operations, including one (1) year of experience as a Liquor Store Assistant Manager.

Education: Completion of high school or High School Certificate of completion recognized in the State of Maryland.

Equivalency: An equivalent combination of education and experience maybe substituted.
Age: Must be at least 21 years of age.
Physical Ability: Ability to independently move by lifting and/or pushing single and case items weighing up to 100 pounds.
Preferred Criteria

The applications of those individuals meeting the minimum qualifications will be reviewed to determine the extent, relevancy of training, and experience in the following areas.

Preparation of Daily Deposits and Summaries
Decision Making and Problem Solving
Change Management
Supervision of Staff
Ordering Inventory
Employee Scheduling
Employee Training
Store Merchandising
Team Building
Performance Management


Minimum Salary 54947 Maximum Salary 90848 Currency USD"	11322	Washington
Administrative Project Manager - FAA	DIGITALiBiz, Inc	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Federal Center area)	None	"Company OverviewDIGITALiBiz, Inc. (iBiz) is an information technology (IT) and business consulting small business providing next-generation solutions to federal government customers. Our mission is to maximize the use of IT systems, business process engineering, research, analysis, and customer-focused best practices to implement vision and innovation that works. Our experience developing effective, scalable, and usable IT and program management solutions helps solve our customers real-world business problems. Founded in 2002, iBiz is headquartered in Rockville, MD and has been recognized as a Washington Post 2015 and 2016 Top Workplace and 2018 and 2019 Best Places to Work awardee by the Washington Business Journal. If you enjoy the challenge of a fast-paced environment with friendly people who are truly driven to achieve superior results, iBiz is for you!ResponsibilitiesThis position provides non-technical oversight of multiple professional services projects, initially eFAST NextGen Portfolio Management and Business and Financial Management Support, providing various project management functions. The role comprises contract management and oversight in accordance with the Project Management Plan, Statement of Work (SOW) and iBiz Quality Management System (QMS) requirements. The APM interfaces government COR(s) and iBiz Corporate Operations, supervises iBiz contract personnel, and conducts site visits, customer meetings, and team meetings. Finally, the person fulfilling this role will also support current and future business development activities.More specific duties include the following: Review and approve timecards and invoices (iBiz and subcontractor), prepare and coordinate monthly status reports and program management reviews, and submit and manage travel and ODC requests.Ensure deliverables are provided on time and in accordance with performance and quality standards.Provide programmatic interface between government COR(s) and iBiz Corporate Operations.Supervise iBiz contract personnel, including performance management, PTO approval, personnel hiring and onboarding, team morale, etc.Conduct site visits, customer meetings, and team meetings.Support business development activities, ranging from organic growth of current contracts to the capture, bid, and proposal for other iBiz opportunities.Required Skills, Education, Certifications and ExperienceBA/BS degree + 10 relevant years of experience; orPh. D + 6 relevant years of experience; orMaster's + 8 relevant years of experienceExperience managing services contracts, including interfacing with COR, invoicing, reporting, etc.Experience supervising personnel, including performance management, professional development, morale, recruiting, onboarding, etc.Experience developing business opportunities and engaging in capture, bid, and proposal activitiesAbility to work with minimal supervision, take direction easily, and remain flexible as needs evolveStrong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to coordinate and collaborate with clients, staff, COR, and company corporate operations staffAbility to operate proactively – to anticipate where support for the client is neededExperience with the Office 365 suite, including but not limited to: Teams, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, etc.Ability to obtain Public Trust ClearancePreferredCurrent Public Trust ClearanceExperience managing FAA professional services contractsExperience/understanding of FAA NextGen program and organizationPhysical requirements for this positionThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to work remaining in a stationary position, often standing or sitting for prolonged periods; repeating motions that may include the wrists, hands and/or fingers. Must be able to lift 20 lbs. or greaterDIGITALiBIZ, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity EmployerAll applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, age, sex, creed, national origin or ancestry, religious persuasion, marital status, political belief, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, status as a veteran or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. (Collectively an ""Protected Basis"")Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"	11322	Washington
Career and Technical Education Project Manager	Northern Virginia Community College	Manassas, VA 20109	$35 an hour	"Role Code 29144-FP

FLSA Non-Exempt

Pay Band 04

Working Title Career and Technical Education Project Manager

Position Number 280W1325

Agency Northern VA Community College

Division NV280-Provost Information and Engineering Technologies

Work Location Manassas - 683

Hiring Range $35/hr

Emergency/Essential Personnel No

EEO Category B-Professionals

Full Time or Part Time Part Time

Does this position have telework options?

Does this position have a bilingual or multilingual skill requirement or preference?

Work Schedule
Variable up to 29 hours a week and work with manager on assigned work and relevant deadlines to determine working days, typically Monday through Thursday

Sensitive Position No

Job Description
he security of our students, faculty, and staff is very important at NOVA. Please take a moment to review NOVA’s Annual Security Reports

Basic Function: The Information and Engineering Technologies (IET) Career and Technical Education (CTE) project manager is responsible for the management of assigned projects and activities within the NOVA IET division. This position will focus on projects and activities in the engineering technology fields.

Under the direction of the Director and Program Manager of NOVA SySTEMic, this position will support initiatives within the IET division to implement IET projects and activities; support data and reporting functions; lead development for engineering technology curriculum and projects linking secondary and post-secondary education.

Duties and Responsibilities: This position will be responsible for assigned project management duties for specific educational engineering technology activities. Additionally, the project manager will focus on raising awareness for the engineering technology and data center operations needs in the region.
The project manager will support the NOVA IET’s existing engineering technology activities funded through federal, state, local and private grants. This includes the management and coordination of activities; collecting and organizing documentation for internal/external reports, tracking budgets; and communication to internal/external stakeholders. The project manager is expected to have regular interactions with faculty, students, administrators, and community partners.

Special Assignments
May be required to perform other duties as assigned. May be required to assist the agency or state government generally in the event of an emergency declaration by the Governor.

KSA's/Required Qualifications
Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Excellent time management , problem solving and organizational skillsProfessional written, verbal, and visual communication skillsAbility to hold productive in-person and virtual meetingsAbility to manage time to meet deadlines.Skilled in using Microsoft Word and Excel applicationsAbility to handle multiple tasks and projects simultaneously.Knowledge of Engineering Technology industry.Skilled in some engineering technology concepts.

Minimum Qualifications:
Associate degree in business or engineering technology or related field or equivalent applicable experience or trainingDemonstrated experience in Project managementExperience with Microsoft Office Word and Excel applicationsPrevious experience / working knowledge in an Engineering Technology industry

Preferred Qualifications
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in business or related fieldSignificant Experience in an engineering technology industryExperience in an academic environment in program and/or project managementExperience working with external partners

Operation of a State Vehicle No

Supervises Employees No

Required Travel
N/A

Posting Number WGE_304P

Recruitment Type Public


Position End Date (if temporary)

Job Open Date 06/11/2021

Job Close Date 07/01/2021

Open Until Filled No

Agency Website NVCC.edu

Contact Name

Email

Phone Number

Special Instructions to Applicants

Additional Information

Background Check Statement Disclaimer
The selected candidate’s offer is contingent upon the successful completion of a criminal background investigation, which may include: fingerprint checks, local agency checks, employment verification, verification of education, credit checks (relevant to employment). Additionally, selected candidates may be required to complete the Commonwealth’s Statement of Economic Interest. For more information, please follow this link: http://ethics.dls.virginia.gov/

EEO Statement
The Virginia Community College System, an EEO employer, welcomes applications from people of all backgrounds and recognizes the benefits of a diverse workforce. Therefore, the VCCS is committed to providing a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications. We prohibit discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, mental or physical disabilities, political affiliation, veteran status, gender identity, or other non-merit factors.

ADA Statement
The VCCS is an EOE and Affirmative Action Employer. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Acts (ADA and ADAAA), VCCS will provide, if requested, reasonable accommodation to applicants in need of access to the application, interviewing and selection processes.

E-Verify Statement
VCCS uses E-Verify to check employee eligibility to work in the United States. You will be required to complete an I-9 form and provide documentation of your identity for employment purposes."	11322	Washington
Agile IT Project Manager	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:

Guidehouse is responsible for providing agile project management support for the development and maintenance of a global information system for our client at the Department of State. As part of a Project Management Office (PMO), the IT Project Manager is responsible to coordinate with multiple stakeholders (business owners, development team members, etc.); define requirements; identify process improvements; manage scope, schedule, and risk; conduct testing; and report project status to stakeholders. As part of an agile team, the IT Project Manager will maintain the product backlog, refine user stories with business owners and developers, establish and maintain the release plan, and demonstrate completed functionality to stakeholders.
Qualifications:

Required:
Bachelors Degree
US Citizenship and the ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance
4+ years of relevant experience (IT Project Management)
Project management knowledge and experience on IT-related projects with priority given to the use of an Agile methodology
Experience using Agile Scrum and/or kanban methodology to plan and manage work against iterations and releases
Experience monitoring project progress and implementing effective corrective actions if actual progress falls behind plan
Experience meeting with clients of varying levels to gather, document, prioritize, and analyze system specifications and user requirements, working closely with developers and testers in a fast paced environment
Preferred:
An active Secret Clearance
Demonstrated ability to use effective facilitation skills and techniques to elicit requirements from a diverse range of stakeholders
Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills
Demonstrated ability to offer solutions and articulate the business impact to clients in a clear and concise manner
Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with others in a team environment
Self-starter; demonstrated ability to also work independently
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Experience with work item/issue tracking systems [GitHub, Jira, or Azure DevOps/TFS]
PMP and/or Agile certifications including Certified Scrum Master and/or Certified Product Owner

Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive bonus
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program"	11322	Washington
North America Conservation Collaborations Project Manager	The Nature Conservancy	Arlington, VA 22203 (Ballston-Virginia Square area)	None	"OFFICE LOCATION

Arlington, Virginia, USA
Flexible location across USA


A LITTLE ABOUT US

Since 1951, The Nature Conservancy has been doing work you can believe in protecting the lands and waters that all life depends on. As a science-based organization, we create innovative, on-the-ground solutions to our world’s toughest challenges so that we can create a world in which people and nature thrive.
We’re rooted in our Mission and guided by our Values, which includes a Commitment to Diversity and Respect for People, Communities, and Cultures. We know we’ll only achieve our Mission by hiring and engaging a diverse workforce that reflects the communities in which we work. Whether it’s career development, work/life balance, or a rewarding mission, there’s lots of reasons to love life #insideTNC. Our goal is to cultivate an inclusive work environment so that all of our colleagues around the globe feel a sense of belonging, and that their unique contributions to our mission are valued.


YOUR POSITION WITH TNC

TNC’s Shared Conservation Agenda (SCA) is an inspiring vision for the world. The SCA requires an organizational evolution in which increased collaboration, coordination, and collective effort will be essential. This evolution will require new skills, engaged staff, diverse voices, and clear and transparent ways of working together. The Nature Conservancy recently concluded an effort to define ambitious 2030 organizational goals to address catastrophic environmental challenges facing people and nature. We believe that, if achieved, these goals will make a meaningful difference in protecting biodiversity and reducing the threat of climate change through sound policy and nature-based solutions.
The North America Conservation Collaboration team works to achieve the Conservancy’s organizational goals by providing programmatic support, coordination, and facilitation within the North America Region and by serving as a conduit from the Region to the rest of the organization. The North America Conservation Collaboration Project Manager is a member of the Conservation Collaboration team and supports the management of the North America Region’s conservation portfolio.


ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

The Conservation Collaboration Project Manager supports the Associate Director of Conservation Collaboration by assisting with and/or managing priority projects and serving as a technical resource for the Conservancy’s conservation agenda. They liaise with other Conservancy staff, notably field colleagues, to help accelerate the implementation of conservation strategies and associated projects. They help to track and assess the North America Region’s progress toward the organizational outcomes using the Shared Conservation Hub, the Conservancy’s conservation database. They may advise TNC communications, marketing, and philanthropy staff on issues related to the conservation agenda.


RESPONSIBILITIES AND SCOPE
Manages and implements complex and diverse projects and tasks for regional and cross-division programs, networks, and advisory groups by setting realistic deadlines, managing timelines, and ensuring accountability.
Serves as the regional point of contact and technical resource for the Shared Conservation Hub database by drafting guidance and associated communications and by providing training for and support of field colleagues. Assists with the setup and maintenance of conservation records in the Hub database and the utilization of dashboard reporting.
Supports strategy and portfolio management reviews, including supporting a Cohort(s) of field colleagues and strategy leads.
Assists in the adaptive management of and reporting on the region’s healthy oceans, freshwater, and lands work.
Works across the region as the connecting agent between several matrixed internal teams, departments, and field programs to foster and maintain collaboration and communication.
Reviews and replies to requests for conservation information from field and global colleagues.
May involve domestic and international travel of 25% or more.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s degree and at least 4 years related experience, or equivalent combination.
Experience leading complex projects or strategic initiatives in an unstructured environment.
Experience researching, critically analyzing, and evaluating information from divergent sources and compiling it into cohesive reports and recommendations for strategy and action.
Experience writing and editing promotional and informational material.
DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and meet time sensitive deadlines.
Strong team player who can build relationships and work collaboratively across the organization and with partners.
Self-starter with ability to generate work plans with limited support.
Experience contributing to business plans or major strategy assessments.
Willingness to learn and develop expertise in new conservation strategies, economic drivers, and management tools.
Ability to develop and drive new ideas and approaches.
Ability to work well in a highly matrixed, decentralized and collaborative organization.
Possesses strong interpersonal skills and political savvy.
Multi-lingual skills and multi-cultural or cross-cultural experience appreciated.
HOW TO APPLY

To apply to position number 49877 submit resume (required) and cover letter separately using the upload buttons. Applications will be reviewed in the order they’re received and the position will remain open until filled.
If you experience technical issues, please refer to our applicant user guide or contact applyhelp@tnc.org.
The Nature Conservancy is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Our commitment to diversity includes the recognition that our conservation mission is best advanced by the leadership and contributions of people of diverse backgrounds, beliefs and culture. Recruiting and mentoring staff to create an inclusive organization that reflects our global character is a priority and we encourage applicants from all cultures, races, colors, religions, sexes, national or regional origins, ages, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, military, protected veteran status or other status protected by law.
The successful applicant must meet the requirements of The Nature Conservancy’s background screening process."	11322	Washington
Program Officer	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12158

Organization: World Bank

Sector: General Services

Grade: GF

Term Duration: 2 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 6/25/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. Visit www.worldbank.org.
Global Corporate Solutions
Reporting to the Managing Director and World Bank Group Chief Administrative Officer, Global Corporate Solutions (GCS) brings together the functions of Corporate Services, Corporate Real Estate, and Corporate Security.
The Corporate Services unit (GCSCS) within GCS provides services to the World Bank Group in the areas of Art Program, Conference Services, Creative and Multi-media Services, including Graphic Design, Editorial Production & Publications, Printing Services, and Virtual Reality; Food Services; Mail & Shipping Services; Staff Services, including Child Care, Commuter Services, and Fitness Center; Translation and Interpretation Services; and Travel and Visa services. The unit also provides administrative support/oversight to the World Bank Group Family Network and the 1818 Society, and is responsible for setting the policy framework and service standards, and for delivering services through a combination of staff and vendors at HQ and in Country Offices. GCSCS has over 100 staff and about 1,000 contractors.
Duties and Accountabilities:
The Corporate Services Program Officer will support the Corporate Services Senior Manager and Management Team, will work across GCSCS to ensure that knowledge is flowing between all units, and will serve as a key liaison between Corporate Services and the GCS Director’s front office.
Duties and accountabilities include:
Provide strategy, policy, and analytical support to GCSCS work programs and initiatives.
Work with the Senior Program Managers across GCSCS to prepare reports, briefs and presentations for delivery to multiple audiences, including senior management.
Manage communication flow, briefing notes, and other documentation; ensure proper and timely follow-up on action items; and liaise closely with GCS Director’s Front Office.
Collect information from across GCSCS units to feed into various reports and monitoring systems.
Develop client engagement plans and recommend new ways of engaging.
Identify marketing best practices to internal clients leveraging the intranet and internal social collaboration space
Help identify and build long-term relationships with target audiences.
Support GCSCS outreach and communications activities, including creating promotional materials, coordinating communication activities across GCSCS teams, and developing and implementing communications/change management campaigns in partnership with GCS Director’s Front Office.
Participate in working groups, on behalf of GCSCS management, and follow up with business units as required.
Other tasks as assigned by the GCSCS Senior Manager / management team.

Selection Criteria

This role requires you to be able to demonstrate success in supporting and encouraging a positive culture of delivery and innovation. Specific requirements include:
Master’s degree with 5 years of relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Team player with strong interpersonal skills, and commitment to work in a team-oriented, multi-cultural environment, with minimal supervision.
Experience in developing holistic strategies for multidisciplinary teams.
Experience working cross-functionally in a global organization.
Exceptional writing and verbal communication skills.
Strong PowerPoint skills. Ability to edit and prepare content on the web would be preferable.
Ability to edit output of other team members and finalize products for publication and to clearly articulate messages to a variety of audiences.
Proven capacity to multi-task, deliver results, and respond quickly and effectively to requests.
Capacity to gather, analyze and coordinate data and to present it to management, staff, and others effectively.
Ability to support facilitation, implementation, and monitoring of standardized processes, practices, policies, procedures.
Certification and/or relevant experience in change management considered an asset.
Required Competencies:
Deliver Results for Clients: Adds value by constantly looking for a better way to get more impactful results; sets challenging stretch goals for oneself. Immerses oneself in client experiences and perspective by asking probing questions to understand unmet needs. Demonstrates accountability for achieving results that have an impact. Identifies and proposes solutions to mitigate and manage risks.
Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries: Ability to build effective working relationships with colleagues in multidisciplinary teams, brings differing ideas into the forefront, and initiates collaboration across boundaries.
Lead and Innovate: Contributes to new insights to understand situations and develops solutions to resolve complex problems. Adapts as circumstances require and manages impact on own behaviors on others in context of WBG’s values and missions. Identifies and pursues innovative approaches to resolve issues.
Create, Apply and Share Knowledge: Leverage departments and WBG body of knowledge by applying lessons learned and expertise. Actively invests in knowledge and seeks feedback. Builds personal and professional networks within and beyond the work group.
Make Smart Decisions: Seeks diversity of information and inputs, researches possible solutions, and generates recommended options. Identifies and understands risks and proposes recommendations. Based on risk analysis, makes decisions in a timely manner within own area of responsibility, considering the interests and concerns of stakeholders.
Client Orientation: Takes personal responsibility and accountability for timely response to client queries, requests or needs, working to remove obstacles that may impede execution or overall success.
Flexibility: Able to adapt strategy, and objectives; making corresponding structural or organizational changes as needed, to move the work forward and meet the needs of the situation.
Business Judgment and Analytical Decision Making: Analyzes facts and data to support sound, logical decisions regarding own and others' work.
Sensitivity: Ability to work effectively and sensitively in a multi-cultural and multi-ethnic workplace.
Pressure: Ability to handle demands related to the delivery of multiple tasks within demanding and occasionally conflicting time constraints.
Professional Maturity: Understands others and the reasons for their behavior. Takes the time to clarify others' points of view so that progress can be made, particularly in situations of stress or conflict. Is never condescending or arrogant.

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11322	Washington
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM MANAGER	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA	$99,195 - $151,486 a year	"Position Information
This is an exciting opportunity for a strategic IT professional to lead a unit in the strategic implementation of a portfolio of IT programs and projects with a significant impact on public works operations.

The Department of Environmental Services (DES) is seeking a senior level professional to be responsible for managing a multi-faceted technology portfolio that includes programs and systems with complex requirements and business changes. The IT Program Manager will supervise a team that provides business analysis support to a diverse array of public works programs and operations.

 Specific duties include:
Leading the planning, implementation, development, and maintenance of software applications and technology upgrades;
Planning, implementing, and maintaining software applications to support DES business;
Leading business analyst and stakeholders in the development of technology solutions to complex, multifaceted problems;
Managing the integration of data from a variety of sources, including systems of partner agencies;
Coordinating with vendors and the Department of Technology Services (DTS) on issues related to procurement and technology standards;
Serving on departmental, County-wide, or regional committees, taskforces and workgroups responsible for identifying issues and developing technology solutions for complex business processes;
Providing comprehensive advice and assistance to senior department management on issues having significant financial or other programmatic impact for the department or County; and
Providing technical leadership and critical problem solving to manage change within the organization and ensuring continuation of mission-critical technology services in specialty area.
The ideal candidate has expertise in information technology and management systems, operations, GIS integration, program/project management, technical writing, and management of IT integration.

For additional information about the Department of Environmental Services click here.
Selection Criteria
Minimum: Bachelor’s degree in Information Management/Computer Science, or related field and significant progressively responsible experience managing technology portfolio for a large agency.

Substitution: Additional qualifying experience may substitute for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis.

Desirable: Preference may be given to candidates with one or more of the following:
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification;
Program and project management experience, to include execution, standards, oversight, performance evaluation, technological integration, and process improvements;
Technical writing experience preparing and developing contracts and proposals and standardized program/project management processes;
Budget management experience overseeing an operating budget to include evaluating long and short-term financial, IT integration and human resource needs; and
Experience with deployment, training, and sustainment of operating department business applications, and integration with enterprise-wide legacy systems.
Special Requirements
Please attach a cover letter or use the space within the supplemental questionnaire that provides an overview of your experience in information technology and management systems and/or system change, program/project management, problem solving especially in business applications and integrations., Be sure to describe the type and size of the organization(s) in which you gained the relevant experience, your specific roles and responsibilities, the size of staff directly supervised, the size of the budget you managed, programs and projects managed and significant accomplishments.
Additional Information
Normal work hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. This position may be required to work outside of normal hours and during emergencies regardless of whether some or all County facilities are closed or programs and services are canceled.

Arlington County offers a competitive salary and a great benefits package including a Defined Benefit (pension) plan. For more information on Arlington’s family friendly benefits click here.

Please complete each section of the application, including the supplemental questionnaire. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Incomplete applications will not be considered.

The salary listed at the top of this announcement is for FY22, effective July 1, 2021.

NOTE: This position is listed as ""open continuous."" Interested applicants are advised to submit their applications as soon as possible. Applications will be reviewed and qualified applicants referred on a continuous basis. Interviews will be conducted on a regular basis throughout the recruitment with candidates whose qualifications best fit our needs. If your application is received later in the recruitment process, it may not be reviewed or considered. The application process will close when the position has been filled or when a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received."	11322	Washington
Regional Intelligence Team Leader	Facebook	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	None	"Our Global Security organization is comprised of multiple teams that work together to support our operations around the globe. Our mission is to keep the things that we value safe and secure while protecting the people, assets, and reputation of Facebook. We protect the people of Facebook by creating a safe and secure environment for our culture to flourish. From buildings and servers, to prototypes and ideas, we ensure Facebook’s physical and intellectual assets are safe and secure and make informed decisions to protect Facebook’s reputation. The ideal candidate will be an experienced analyst who excels at utilizing advanced analytic techniques to develop tailored intelligence products, and has an excitement for corporate security, analysis, and problem-solving. The candidate will lead a regional team and be responsible for monitoring all-source information to proactively identify and assess risks and threats that could impact Facebook's people, assets and reputation. This is a cross-functional role that partners closely with Investigations, Protective Intelligence, and other Global Security and Facebook internal teams.
Oversee the production of intelligence reports and threat assessments for the designated region/function.
Provide analytical guidance and content review for all intelligence reporting for the designated region/function.
Analyze and assess risks and threats to Facebook's people, assets and reputation across the designated region/function.
Monitor all-source information to proactively identify and assess threats that could potentially impact Facebook's global workforce and business operations.
Provide leadership and guidance related to the direction and completion of team projects and products.
Train, coach, and mentor internal team members, including leading the onboarding and training of new team members and maintaining the internal training program.
Support an environment of protecting Facebook's people, assets, and reputation through pro-active intelligence reporting, information sharing, and partnering with Global Security and cross-functional FB partners.
Utilize structured analytic techniques to develop tailored intelligence products and provide threat warning notifications to Facebook decision-makers, regionally and globally.
Gather and analyze data to facilitate improvements in the methodologies, tools and techniques to enable the team to scale and optimize operations to mitigate potential risk.
Appropriately leverage resources, technology, information, and tactics in a manner that protects reputation and minimizes risk.
Develop and sustain a collaborative partnership with headquarters and regional partners.
Develop and maintain strong relationships with other business partners and leaders to effectively support their respective Departments.
Drive a respectful team culture centered on open communication, sharing, listening, and recognition of team members at all levels.
Represent Facebook in external networking and organizations, as directed by Global Intelligence Manager.
Manage external and vendor relationships, as directed by Global Intelligence Manager.
Follow company procedures and processes as it relates to Global Security best practices, and handling of confidential information.
Flexible work schedule, able to work days, evenings, weekends and holidays.
Travel to regional and global offices and events annually (<25%).
Bachelor's degree.
Relevant work experience in analytical disciplines, such as risk intelligence, threat analysis, business intelligence/analysis, competitive/market intelligence/analysis, crisis management, or business continuity.
Demonstrated experience leading small-to-mid-size teams.
Proven understanding and experience covering EMEA region.
Highly collaborative individual capable of working with cross-functional partners and global/regional teams.
Analytical and problem-solving skills.
Experience working with highly confidential information.
Experience working with 24/7 operations.
Experience completing multiple tasks simultaneously and functioning in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision.
Proven effectiveness in communication skills and experience distilling communication based on the target audience, including executive-level audiences.
Relevant working experience with global exposure.
Fluency in foreign language(s), possess overseas work experience or strong professional network.
Experience from private sector is preferred.
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."	11322	Washington
EDUCATION PROGRAM SPECIALIST	US Citizenship and Immigration Services	Camp Springs, MD	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located within External Affairs Directorate, Office of Citizenship and Application Information Services, Office of Citizenship.

As an EDUCATION PROGRAM SPECIALIST you are involved in all aspects of designing and implementing seminars and webinars for citizenship education teachers who teach or offer adult citizenship education courses to immigrants preparing for citizenship.

Responsibilities
Manages projects across all aspects of adult citizenship education including serving as the project lead for the naturalization test revision initiative.
Advises senior leadership about educational practices, risk management and advocates approaches in citizenship education and naturalization testing that minimizes agency risk and improves the adjudications process.
Develops new classroom and self-study materials to assist teachers and students in learning about the naturalization process, American history and government.
Facilitates seminars for adult citizenship education teachers, program administrators, museum educators, librarians, and immigrant service providers, on naturalization and adult citizenship education topics.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
1720 Education Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. National to apply for this position
Successfully pass a Background Investigation including financial disclosure
You must pass a drug screening
You must submit resume and supporting documentation
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service
Political appointees may require OPM approval before on-boarding
The qualifications for this position must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

Current Federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the lower grade or equivalent grade band in the Federal service. The Time-in-Grade requirement must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

This position is in the bargaining unit.

This position is not considered ""essential"" for purposes of reporting to work when the facility might otherwise be closed.

Residency Requirement: There is a residency requirement for all applicants not currently employed by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. This residency requirement states that candidates must have, for three of the last five years immediately prior to applying for this position; (1) resided in the United States; OR (2) worked for the United States Government as an employee overseas in a Federal or Military capacity, OR (3) been a dependent of a U.S. Federal or Military employee serving overseas.

Background Investigation: To ensure the accomplishment of our mission, DHS requires every employee to be reliable and trustworthy. To meet those standards, all selected applicants must undergo and successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a review of financial issues such as delinquency in the payment of debts, child support and/or tax obligations, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs. The background investigation process is initiated after a selection is made. For more information visit the OPM Mythbuster Page.

If a SECRET or TOP SECRET clearance is needed or the position is designated a Sensitive National Security position, all selected candidates must meet the requirements for these clearances or Sensitive National Security position prior to placement AND maintain that level of clearance or national security eligibility while encumbering the position.

Probationary Period: You may be required to serve a probationary period of 1 year.
Qualifications
GS-13: You qualify at the GS-13 level if you possess one (1) year of specialized experience, which is equivalent to at least the GS-12 level in the federal government, that equipped you with the skills needed to successfully perform the duties of the position. You must have experience performing the following duties:

Developing instructional or educational products, services, and activities.
Developing or creating instructional design and strategies in history and civics.
Knowledge and understanding of the naturalization process and testing.
Administering or coordinating adult basic education, adult ESL, or adult citizenship/EL-Civics programs.

The assessments for this job will measure:

Technical Competence
Planning and Evaluating
Education and Training
Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Interpersonal Skills
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Self-Management
Teamwork
Technology Application
Writing

Please read the following important information to ensure you submit everything we need to consider your application: It is your responsibility to ensure that you submit your responses and appropriate documentation prior to the closing date. Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must highlight your most relevant and significant experience and education (if applicable), as it relates to this job opportunity announcement. USCIS will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your initial eligibility/qualifications for a position. As such, please be sure to include content to support your eligibility/qualifications for this position within the first 5 pages. Please note that your full resume will be made available to the hiring manager if you are referred. Be clear and specific when describing your work history since Human Resources cannot make assumptions regarding your experience. Your application will be rated and ranked based on your responses to the online questions.

Please ensure EACH work history includes ALL of the following information:

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
Employer's name and address
Supervisor name and phone number
Start and end dates including month, day and year (e.g. June 18 2007 to April 05 2008)
Start and end dates for each grade/pay level if you've held a federal position.
Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
Salary

Determining length of General or Specialized Experience is dependent on the above information and failure to provide the above information may result in a finding of ineligible.

Note: Overstating your qualifications and/or experience in your application materials or application questionnaire may result in your removal from consideration.

Federal Experience: If you are using current or prior federal experience as a basis for qualifying for this position, the grade levels and length of employment (mm/dd/year) at each grade level must be listed in your work history. This information will be further validated if selected for this position.

The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office

National Service Experience (i.e., volunteer experience): Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build criteria competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer service. Please provide the dates and amount of time/hours worked earning this experience.
Education
COMBINING QUALIFYING EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION: If you do not qualify based on experience or education alone, you may be able to qualify based on a combination of your experience and education. For more information on combining education and experience, visit the following website: General Schedule Qualification Standards.

Basic Education Requirement: You must submit a copy of your college transcript(s) (unofficial is acceptable) to support the basic educational requirement or a list of coursework with hours completed. For verification purposes, the transcript submitted must include your name and educational institution.

Degree: that included or was supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in a field related to the work of the position to be filled, of which at least 9 semester hours must have been in education courses.
or
Combination of education and experience - at least 24 semester hours in a field related to the work of the position to be filled, of which at least 9 semester hours must have been in education courses, plus appropriate experience or additional education. The experience must reflect the level and kind described in C below.
or
Four years of experience that demonstrated a thorough understanding of the principles and practices underlying the work of this series. This experience must have been of such character and diversity to demonstrate that the applicant possesses an understanding of the field comparable to that normally acquired through successful completion of a full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university.
or
At least 1 full academic year of professional teaching experience. This experience is defined as full and primary responsibility, under general supervision, for instruction of assigned students in an accredited school or institution. This includes responsibility for preparing and presenting lessons and for evaluating students' progress, including a determination of the students' success or failure according to established criteria. Serving in an assistant capacity to a professor without the authority to determine the students' success or failure to meet course requirements does not meet this criterion.

Additional information
Special Employment Consideration: The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps, VISTA volunteers, and persons with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links above or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement.

Any offers of employment made pursuant to this announcement will be consistent with all applicable authorities, including Presidential Memoranda, Executive Orders, interpretive U.S. Office of Personnel Management guidance and U.S. Office of Management and Budget plans and policies concerning hiring. These authorities are subject to change.

Additional Information:

USCIS uses E-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities.

If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment.

It is our responsibility to eliminate any risks to national security, public health, and public safety that could be posed by individuals who use illegal drugs. This position may be subject to random testing as a condition of employment. A positive drug test or refusal to be tested will result in disciplinary action, up to and including removal from Federal service.

Note: If you previously retired from the Federal service and are receiving an annuity, your salary may be offset by the amount of your annuity.

Applying to this announcement certifies that you give permission for DHS to share your application with others in DHS for similar positions.

Common definitions for hiring terms found in this announcement.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this position based upon information reflected in your resume. Your resume must support your responses to the job specific assessment questionnaire, level of education claimed, experience, and/or training. To remain in consideration for this position, please ensure your resume covers this requirement and that your resume has been successfully submitted as part of your on-line application package.

Creation of this package includes completing the on-line assessment questionnaire, uploading your resume, and uploading any required supporting documents.

NOTE: Your resume and supporting documentation will be verified. If you rated yourself higher than what is supported by your application material, you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

If you are found best qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview.

Veterans: Certain veterans are eligible to apply as a status candidate under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA). View Feds Hire vets for more information.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) Eligible: If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not CTAP/ICTAP eligible. View information about CTAP or ICTAP eligibility on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered well qualified under CTAP/ ICTAP, you must be placed in the Well-Qualified category for this position, as described above. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this job announcement.

Note: Applicants who are referred to the hiring office for selection consideration may be required to complete a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of the interview/selection process. If the hiring office decides to request a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of its selection process, a designated contractor or Agency representative will contact you to: (1) inform you of this requirement; and (2) provide further instructions.

Conditions of Employment Reminder: If you fail to meet the conditions of employment or any other pre-employment requirements, such as missing any of the scheduled appointments, the hiring agency may rescind their tentative offer of employment.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
Yes
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume: You must submit a resume that clearly demonstrates you have experience that meets the requirements of this position as outlined in the “Qualifications” section. USCIS’ Human Resources Office will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your eligibility/qualifications.

In order to ensure that you include all necessary information within the first 5 pages of your resume, you are highly encouraged to save and submit your resume as a PDF instead of submitting it through Resume Builder or a word-processing program such as Word or Google Docs.

Your responses to the job questionnaire. (submitted through the on-line application process in USA Jobs. Responses DO NOT need to be attached as an additional document to your application)

Are you qualifying based on education? Submit a copy of your college transcript (unofficial is acceptable) from an accredited institution. Once selected and prior to appointment, applicants must provide an official college transcript. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet Federal qualification requirements if you can show that your foreign education is comparable to education received in accredited educational institutions in the United States. For example, specific courses accepted for college-level credit by an accredited U.S. college or university, or foreign education evaluated by an organization recognized for accreditation by the Department of Education as education equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. college or university. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence with your application. See Recognition of Foreign Qualifications for more information.

Are you a veteran? You must provide acceptable documentation of your preference or appointment eligibility. The member 4 copy of your DD214, ""Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty,"" is preferable. If claiming 10 point preference, you will need to submit a Standard Form (SF-15), ""Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference."" If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions. View more veterans’ information.

Are you a current or former Federal employee? Submit a copy of your official SF-50 (no text version) or other official ""Notification of Personnel Action"" document that shows the following information:

your appointment in the competitive service
tenure
grade and step
full performance level

If your SF-50(s) does not provide the information needed to make a final determination for qualification, you will be found ineligible for the position. SF-50B print screens from NFC are not official documents and are not acceptable. This includes USCIS employees as well. All current DHS employees can print their own SF-50's by accessing the DHS eOPF website. If you have forgotten your user name or password, eOPF offers a self-service feature to assist you.

If you are a current CIS employee and need access information to eOPF, contact USCIS.EOPF@uscis.dhs.gov. For all other agencies please see your servicing Human Resources Office.

You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and or incentive awards. If you are a Federal employee and have received a current performance rating, it is strongly encouraged that a copy accompanies your application submission. Doing so allows the selecting official access to all information surrounding your potential to fulfill the duties and responsibilities commensurate of the position being considered for. Failure to provide may impede the selecting official's understanding of the qualifications and experience that you possess.

Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP)? Submit:

a copy of your agency notice,
a copy of your most recent performance rating, and
a copy of your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, noting your current position, grade level, and duty location.

Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent appointment:

Position title
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee)
Agency
Beginning and ending dates of appointment

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select ""Benefits."" Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more.

Review our benefits
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
LOCAL COMMUTING AREA: Current Federal Employees with competitive status, Reinstatement, OPM Interchange Agreement, VRA (up to GS-11), Schedule A, Surplus/Displaced eligibles, VEOA eligibles and RAIO overseas employees approved for rotation."	11322	Washington
Construction Manager	Precision Systems, Inc.	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	$60,080 - $147,055 a year	Precision Systems, Inc. (PSI) embraces technology in design. PSI is a transportation engineering consulting company that serves public and private organizations in the Washington, DC, Northern Virginia, and Maryland regions, providing services such as roadway and intersection design, construction management and inspection, signal and street lighting design, traffic analysis and reporting, crash analysis and countermeasure design, software development, data management, and more. Using the newest technologies and inhouse software with up-to-the-date data makes PSI engineers are experts in urban environments.PSI is seeking to hire a Construction Manager with knowledge and experience of DC construction standards and practices. The ideal candidate will have at least 4 years of experience performing construction inspection project management within the Washington Metropolitan Area. The Construction Manager will prepare and maintain all relevant documentation, supervise a team of construction inspectors, and coordinate between the construction contractor, the inspectors, utility companies, and DDOT stakeholders.Expected Duties: · Supervision of CM staff, attend progress meetings, and coordinate between field inspectors and other related parties· Review Inspector Daily Reports (IDR) for accuracy, countersign IDRs, and prepare a daily diary of project progress and events· Analyze and evaluate change order requests· Make recommendations for change orders, including justifications and cost estimates· Prepare change order documentation including justification, specification, schedule, cost estimates, etc.· Prepare and maintain all relevant documents related to liability claims, complaints, change orders, inspection reports, meeting minutes, material certifications, etc.· Submit monthly progress reports and monthly cost reports· Schedule regular project meetings· Monitor progress on work, personnel, and equipment to ensure that it meets contract requirements· Respond to complaints and inquiries from the public, businesses, officials, etc.· Make utilities aware of scope of work and identify and resolve conflicts with the utilities’ work schedulesRequired Skills & Experience: · B.S. Degree in Civil Engineering· P.E. in District of Columbia· 4-7 years of construction management experience in DMV· Strong oral and written communication skills· Ability and desire to operate professionally in a team environment· Must be able to commute to office location in DCCheck us out at www.precisionsystems.co!Job Type: Full-timePay: $60,080.00 - $147,055.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayAbility to Commute/Relocate:Washington, DC 20003 (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Construction Management: 4 years (Preferred)License/Certification:Professional Engineer (P.E.) license in DC (Preferred)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:precisionsystems.coWork Remotely:NoCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processPersonal protective equipment provided or requiredTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place	11322	Washington
Project Manager - Commercial Construction Base Building	Bognet Construction	Vienna, VA 22182	None	We’re looking for RELENTLESSLY PROACTIVE® individuals to join our team.Are you looking to advance your career in construction? Do you bring strong technical & customer service skills, thrive in a project environment, and enjoy team spirit & collaboration?Founded in 1998, Tysons, VA-based Bognet Construction has developed a reputation as an innovative general contracting powerhouse in the Washington metropolitan region. Ranked as the 7th Largest Interior Construction firm by the Washington Business Journal, Bognet specializes in large commercial tenant interior and building repositioning projects in the 20,000 - 300,000 SF range, boasting a portfolio that spans some of Washington D.C.’s most visible organizations across every industry sector. Every member of the Bognet team proactively thinks ahead, anticipating challenges and opportunities to keep projects on budget and on schedule. It is the very definition of RELENTLESSLY PROACTIVE® and it is the Bognet difference.Bognet Construction is seeking a Project Manager with at least 5 years of base building experience. The Project Manager’s role is to manage construction projects while delivering exceptional results for our clients both on time and within budget. The Project Manager should lead by example and personify the Bognet Way.Relentlessly ProactiveAt Bognet, our business strategy is to be the most proactive General Contractor in the Washington metropolitan area. Therefore, we hold every employee to the standard of being “Relentlessly Proactive,” and we expect this behavior to permeate every activity. Project Managers should be able to:Construct a project schedule from start to finish by identifying long lead and specialty materials within the critical path of the project.Review drawings, identify scope, and develop the sequence of construction.Demonstrates a comprehensive knowledge of the status of every project.Work with the Estimator to develop bids and participate in project interviewsReview subcontractor/vendor proposals, compare proposals, and award projects to the most qualified subcontractors.Manage the project budget and overall profit margins. Revises monthly projects – WIP, and responsible for collecting money.Prepare for and run weekly progress meeting - identifying important discussion topics and assigning tasks to effectively manage the project.Attend industry, social and non-profit events to build relationships and identify new opportunitiesProactively build and sustain relationships with clientsPromote safety and ensure that the project adheres to our safety requirements.Work with the on-site Superintendent to deliver the highest possible quality and customer satisfaction.Successfully complete projects to maximize profit and client satisfaction.QualificationsPossess a 4 Year Degree from an accredited university within the Engineering, Construction Management or Business concentration.5+ years’ experience in commercial construction, including experience with a commercial general contractor.Mastery of reading construction drawings/specifications.Previous Experience in a Project Management role with the ability to execute multiple projects simultaneously.Demonstrated business acumen with strong presentation skills.Ability to maintain composure, professionalism, and objectivity in difficult situations and effectively resolve conflicts.Collaborate and foster relationships with a customer service-oriented attitudeProficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, and Procore.Bognet Construction provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payAbility to Commute/Relocate:Vienna, VA (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Construction Experience: 5 years (Preferred)Project Management: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousPeople-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projectsAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentCompany's website:www.bognet.comBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:NoCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Personal protective equipment provided or requiredTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place	11322	Washington
Chief Systems Engineer	NIRA Inc.	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Federal Center area)	None	Nira Inc. is seeking a self-motivated and customer-oriented Chief Systems Engineer with in-depth understanding of enterprise IT system development and extensive experiences supporting federal government acquisition processes to join our team.Responsibilities include:Leading engagements with federal customers to support acquisition and management of major Information Technology (IT) programs. He or she will serve as a Subject Matter Expert on system engineering, system architecture and information management. He or she will be responsible for a wide set of engineering deliverables throughout the project lifecycle such as Concept of Operations, gap analysis, analysis of alternatives, project schedule and cost management.Collaborating with stakeholders across a federal agency to ensure program alignment with appropriate information governance frameworks. He or she will participant in intra and inter-agency forums such as communities of practitioners to achieve the agency’s information management objectives.Providing technical leadership to Nira’s system engineering team. He or she will assist in recruiting new system engineering resources and mentoring other team members to prompt best system engineering practices.Supporting new business pursuits to include all phases of business campaigns and proposal processes, may serve as a capture manager, proposal lead or solution architect for new pursuits.Required Qualifications:A Bachelor Degree in computer science, system engineering or a relevant field10 plus years relevant work experience. At least five (5) years supporting a major IT program of the federal governmentLeadership experience in prioritizing, planning, and successfully delivering multiple projectsExpert knowledge of federal contracting and acquisition process.Knowledge of information management and system integration approaches and technologies such as Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), API Management, XML and JSONExcellent oral and written communication skills to both technical and non-technical audienceDemonstrated experience with development, implementation, and optimization of technology life cycle processes.Desired QualificationsExperience in the aviation Industry and knowledge of Air Traffic Management systemsKnowledge of enterprise architecture frameworks such as FEAF and DODAFKnowledge of geospatial systems.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Systems engineering: 10 years (Required)Leadership: 5 years (Preferred)Federal Acquisition: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
Project Manager	Enovational	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$80,000 - $130,000 a year	Enovational Corp is a fast growing technology startup building web and mobile applications. We specialize in delivering award-winning user experiences paired with solid technology, as both client solutions and our own consumer products. And we believe our successes come from our teamwork and mutual respect for each other’s talents and unique perspectives.*So when we say we are looking for a Project Manager, yes, we want someone who is eloquent, well organized, empathetic with exceptional skills in time management, prioritization, communication, coaching, and relationship building. We also need another team member who will do what it takes to help us deliver successful projects and maintain a great company culture.What you might do on any given day:Identify the approach for a given project including defining roles, stakeholder involvement, risks, dependencies, deliverables, review and approval processes, and anticipated milestone dates, adjusting throughout the course of the project.Work with stakeholders and subject matter experts on the client side, as well as internal team members, to understand, document and manage the scope of work for a given project.Develop and maintain project governance and project management documentation, such as project plans, schedules, communications plans, risk registers, status updates, critical paths, etc.Collaborate with our internal team to conduct work breakdowns, identify necessary resources, and collect estimates regarding time and complexity of tasks.Coordinate task execution and provide appropriate coaching, direction and delegation to project team members.Manage client expectations around timelines, deliverables, and scope of work with sophistication to set up both clients and internal teams for success.Plan, write, and oversee all client communications, including providing timely and accurate status updates.Monitor delivery progress and determine if teams have the velocity, skills, and tools to execute work according to the current project plan, and continuously assess the need to change tactics or supplement personnel.We think you’ll enjoy working with our team if you:Have outstanding organization, time management and prioritization skills, and are good at handling multiple initiatives and work streams at once.Enjoy taking the lead, managing up, and respectfully guiding clients and team members to reasonable expectations that set them up for success.Are comfortable dealing with clients coming from diverse backgrounds and experiences, and finding common ground.See difficult situations, conflicts, and criticisms as an opportunity to apply your problem-solving skills and find positive outcomes for all parties involved.Like to listen to people and analyze what they’re saying, and don't feel the need to push your own message or agenda.Love working with creatives and technical staff and bringing order to all the ideas so they see fruition.Are genuinely passionate about what you do. You are a perpetual learner and excited to experiment with new tools, processes, formats, methods, and ideas.Can work quickly and deftly to understand what the current moment or situation needs, and are able to then respond appropriately with a document, email or meeting that pushes the effort forward.Take initiative, aren’t afraid to fail, ask thoughtful questions, and constantly seek better ways of working and communicating.Have a positive yet practical attitude. You are willing to take on any task that might help take one of our projects a little further.This position might not be for you if you:Don’t like to be the one to keep track of the bigger picture or the details.Struggle to stay organized, identify the steps to get to a bigger goal, or outline a necessary sequence of activities.Would prefer to avoid a difficult situation or conflict with clients or teams rather than having an honest and compassionate conversation to find a positive resolution.Are not comfortable with both providing and receiving feedback, direction, coaching, or task delegation.Prefer to determine what’s right for the client or team on your own, without taking their input or feedback into account.Are looking for a team to execute your personal vision, process, and ideas rather than using a collaborative and adaptive approach, relying on your team members capabilities and recommendations.Are not comfortable showing unfinished work to peers, users, or clients and continuously collecting feedback on approach or work product during your process.Prefer owning a project individually rather than working collaboratively.Aren't comfortable working directly with clients and users, and not willing to travel to Maryland or D.C. to meet with them in person.Work better in structured environments or have trouble with ambiguity and uncertainty.If you’re interested in applying:Candidates for this position will have at least a bachelor’s degree in business administration, social sciences or technology, though we will consider other areas of study or equivalent work experience. Our ideal candidate has earned a PMP, CMP or other comparable industry certification, and has at least two years of experience in agile project management or consulting. We’re a growing company and care very much about creating an amazing work environment with great growth opportunities, and hope that you’ll join us early on and help shape a bright and exciting future for our ambitious company.To apply, go to the Project Manager job posting on Enovational.com/careers and submit:Your resumeA cover letter describing one or more large projects you’ve had to manage, and how your contribution helped make those projects a success, or simply why you’re interested in this position*Job Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $130,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) MatchingDental InsuranceDisability InsuranceFlexible ScheduleHealth InsuranceLife InsurancePaid Time OffParental LeaveProfessional Development AssistanceReferral ProgramVision InsuranceSchedule:8 Hour ShiftDay ShiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus PayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeCompany's website:enovational.comCompany's Facebook page:www.facebook.com/enovational/Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
Senior Inspector	Precision Systems, Inc.	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	$36 - $68 an hour	Precision Systems, Inc. (PSI) embraces technology in design. PSI is a transportation engineering consulting company that serves public and private organizations in the Washington, DC, Northern Virginia, and Maryland regions, providing services such as roadway and intersection design, construction management and inspection, signal and street lighting design, traffic analysis and reporting, crash analysis and countermeasure design, software development, data management, and more. Using the newest technologies and inhouse software with up-to-the-date data makes PSI engineers are experts in urban environments.PSI is seeking to hire a Senior Inspector with knowledge and experience of DC construction standards and practices. The ideal candidate will have at least 2 years of experience performing construction inspection within the Washington Metropolitan Area. The Senior Inspector will inspect construction as it is performed by the contractor, documenting all work performed and any issues that arise. The Senior Inspector will ensure accountability, accuracy, and compliance during construction.Expected Duties: · Scan and upload inspection reports, photos, and material tickets daily· Maintain inspection records and record pertinent data regarding equipment, material, and labor· Submit Inspector Daily Reports (IDR) daily to Construction Manager for approval and countersignature· Inspect and coordinate all construction activities at the project, resolve field construction problems and provide input for changes· Inspect contractor’s work to assure the work complies with the requirements of the contract for construction and approved project construction contract documents· Monitor all testing and maintain all records of testing, certification, and all other quantity records· Check and verify layout of work site· Observe work and maintain daily reports including a log of visitors and the time and purpose of visits· Complete punch list at closeout of job siteRequired Skills & Experience: · B.S. in Civil Engineering or Construction Management· Certifications for Asphalt Field, Concrete Field, and Soils and Aggregate Compaction from local or national certification programs such as VDOT, ACI, NICET, or MARTCP· 4-7 years of construction experience· Familiarity of DDOT construction standards and procedures· Strong oral and written communication skills· Ability and desire to operate professionally in a team environment· Must be able to commute to office location in DCCheck us out at www.precisionsystems.co!Job Type: Full-timePay: $36.00 - $68.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Construction inspection: 4 years (Preferred)License/Certification:Asphalt Field and Concrete Field certification (Preferred)Soils and Aggregate Compaction certification (Preferred)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:precisionsystems.coWork Remotely:NoCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processPersonal protective equipment provided or requiredTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager	Telecommunications Development Corp.	Washington, DC 20009 (Shaw area)	From $100,000 a year	TDC has an immediate need for an IT Project Manager with telcom and radio experience. This Project Manager will be responsible for: Coordinating telecommunication systems and radio installation projectsProject management and leading several teams through different IT objectives that include but are not limited to audio visual software and hardware installation, radio and cell tower installation, vender management, etc.Some on site surveying to evaluate the location and its IT infrastructure for better suitability. The field engineer handovers the blueprint of a given area to the telecom manager for a further decision.Hardware Installation: the project manager takes care of the further installation process in association with the team towards its successful applicable hardware set-up. Test the entire set up as outlined by the requirements of the client to ensure that all device is functional and to assure maximum quality. Requirements8+ years of Project Management experience5+ years of IT Experience5+ years of radio and telcom experienceBachelor's degree in related field.The position is based in the Washington, DC and may require limited travel to client sites. The work will start remote for now until we are cleared to return to the office. Please submit your resume and contact information.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: From $100,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may apply	11322	Washington
Senior Architectural Project Manager	The Onyx Group	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Old Town North area)	$86,000 - $120,000 a year	Senior Architect / Project Manager Senior Architect / Project ManagerAbout UsThe Onyx Group is an architectural, planning, and interiors firm locally based in Old Town Alexandria, Virginia. We have 35 years of experience serving a savvy client base of primarily federal projects and some state and commercial clients. With our large federal contracts, we are well insulated from economic recessions, which is a very attractive aspect to our staff. This is a great opportunity for a senior-level architect to work with a team in a studio environment that fosters continuous learning, effective problem-solving, professional development, and client satisfaction. We are looking for someone at an Architect III level (per AIA definition) who can work on a project team to solve design issues, provide concept design, design production, and construction administration services as well as provide facility condition assessments. We offer a very competitive salary and full benefits, including health, dental, vision, 401-K Plan, PTO, and reimbursement of professional development expenses.REQUIREMENTSProfessional degree (B.A. or M.A.) in ArchitectureLicensure in at least one jurisdiction with reciprocity via NCARB for licensure in other jurisdictions.Ten or more years of experience, licensed architect who plans and develops medium-to large-scope projects with many complexities, executes and coordinates projects, and may oversee a large staff of architects and technicians with minimal supervision.Ability to write proposals, derive fees, and write contracts for sub-consultants.Ability to develop a Project Budget based on Scope of Services, project fees, project schedule, and team structure.Evaluate a project's financial performance based on time expended relative to completion of project.Working knowledge in REVIT and AutoCADStrong architectural design skillsStrong technical skillsCurrent active security clearance or eligibility to obtain oneAbility and passion to mentor young staffAbility to travel for as long as 1 week at a timePREFERENCESAdditionally, for the design work, the ideal candidate would:have a minimum of 3 years of work experience on renovation projects. Experience in government projects is a plus.have good multi-tasking skills - be an ambitious self-starter.have federal government design experience.Be proficient in MS Word and Excel. (Experience with collaboration worksite, such as SharePoint is a plus)have working knowledge of SharePoint.IT skills a plusLEED Accredited ProfessionalJob Type: Full-timePay: $86,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:We require that all staff wear masks when occupying commonly shared areas like the office kitchen, corridors, lobby, and typically, open workstations (except when all staff in that workstation area are fully vaccinated.)Application Question(s):Are you able to travel within the continental United States for up to 3 business days at a time up to 15% of the time?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:architectural work: 10 years (Preferred)government work: 2 years (Preferred)License/Certification:licensure as a Registered Architect in Md, Va, or D.C? (Required)active record with NCARB or reciprocity for licensure? (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11322	Washington
Drafting (Detailing) Manager - Steel and Ornamental Ironwork	EMERALD IRONWORKS INC	Woodbridge, VA 22191	$77,000 - $110,000 a year	Emerald Ironworks is seeking a qualified candidate to act as our Detailing Manager. The primary function is managing the assignment, creation and dissemination of drawings for our high-end metalwork. We work with up to six detailers at anytime and we need someone with the experience, professionalism and attention to detail who can manage the flow of information to the detailers, manage their quality, their schedule, revision logs, placement of the correct sets in the Filed Use folders, etc. This position is a fit for someone who has 10+ years working as and/or managing other steel industry detailers.The ideal candidate is also interested in and able to play a key role in obtaining field measurements and communicating them properly to the detailers. We are cutting-edge in that we use 3D scanners for job-site surveys. Knowledge of point clouds would be a huge plus!The willingness/ability to detail small items in-house on the fly (for example adjustments for as-builts) is part of the position as well.What's required:The successful candidate should be well-versed in AISC and/or NISD standards with a background in structural steel and sheet metal fabrication.Experience with CAD drafting software such as Inventor, Tekla, Advanced Steel, and/or AutoCAD to detail custom fabricated items.Knowledge of:1. approval drawings for architectural and engineering review.2. fabrication (shop) drawings and erection drawings as required.3. Specifying appropriate weld details for engineering review and fabrication.4. Preparing all necessary lists, documents, or files (shop & field bolts, galvanized pieces, CNC files, etc.) to the appropriate department in support of the project.Help coordinate projects and/or check drawings prepared by others.Maintain a current working knowledge and understanding of the latest version of the AISC Steel Construction Manual as it relates to connection design, detailing practices, steel member dimensions and properties.Interpreting and incorporate approval comments, contract changes and other revisions into the scope of the project.·Interpret point cloud data from 3D scanning to aid in detailing (we own a brand new $40k laser scanner)Extensive experience measuring site conditions, creating on-site layouts, and otherwise doing site surveys to ensure custom fabricated work will fit and coordinate with other trades as requiredWhat sets you apart:· Ability to detail custom stair systems, glass guard rails, and handrail’s to IBC building codes.· Knowledge of water jet, HD plasma, v-grooving, and press brake operation.· Familiar with wall cladding and installation.· Ability to innovate and standardize EIW typical details and fabrication standards.· Knowledge of material properties such as aluminum, stainless steel, brass, and glass.What you get:· Top of the line computer with the latest CAD software.· Access to 3D scanning equipment and lasers!· Company phone.· Surface tablet.Job Type: Full-timePay: $77,000.00 - $110,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftExperience:CAD: 5 years (Required)Steel Detailing: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applyA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applyOpen to applicants who do not have a college diplomaCompany's website:https://www.emeraldironworks.com/Benefit Conditions:Waiting period may apply	11322	Washington
Manager, Office Operations	Martha's Table	Washington, DC 20020 (Anacostia area)	$63,392 - $101,427 a year	"ABOUT MARTHA’S TABLE

At Martha’s Table, we believe that every Washingtonian deserves the opportunity to thrive. For over forty years, we have worked to support strong children, strong families, and strong communities by increasing access to quality education, health and wellness, and family resources.
Together, we are “One MT.” This means we work across all three of our locations to support our shared mission. In all that we do, we exemplify our four core values of respect, compassion, teamwork, and accountability. These values - and our commitment to “white glove service” - guide how we engage with the communities we stand alongside and how we work together as a team. When you come to Martha’s Table - as a guest or as a team member - you are valued and you deserve our very best.
In order to be the best version of MT, we are deeply committed to equitable practices. We apply the principles of diversity, equity, and inclusion in providing programming and services; in creating our Board; in partnerships and procurement; and in hiring, training, and advancing our team members.
We invest in our team members’ personal and professional goals through our “STEP” program, which includes tuition for continuing education, certifications, and professional development; funding to unlock financially held transcripts; and flexible leave options.
POSITION OVERVIEW

The Manager of Office Operations will manage the budget and be the directional leader for several teams; with this leadership comes decision-making ownership for the overall operations of our facilities, front desk, security, office operations, and IT department in addition to managing special projects for Martha’s Table internal operations.
POSITION DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES

Create and oversee the successful execution of a safe and compliant facility, including supervising the Facilities Coordinator, for all our programs. Create update and confirm adherence to our systems and policies for all of our facilities.
Direct the management of our IT systems including supervising our IT onsite help staff as well as manage the relationship with our IT vendor. Create update and confirm adherence for all internal systems and policies for our IT department. Manage the day to day and long-term incidents that come up in IT systems breakdowns, including creating solutions and managing the team to execute them.
Direct the front desk team and internal office operations, including supervising two front desk staff and security team. Create update and confirm adherence for all front desk, office operations, and security policies and procedures. Oversee the internal operational design changes given MT's new COVID Emergency Food Access program.
Manage relationships with vendors, the property manager for all three locations, including supervising our on-site building engineer.
Manage Special Projects pertaining to Martha’s Table operations.

EXPERIENCE, KNOWLEDGE, AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS

Required:

6 to 8 years of related work experience
Deep knowledge of best practices for operational design and execution, including best practices for building systems to support different team’s needs from an organization and best security practices both in our buildings and in alternative locations for external programs.
Excellent project management skills, including being able to take vague concepts and design, manage, and deliver projects across departments with buy in from relevant parties throughout the process.

Ability to build and manage a multifaceted budget that includes cross departmental implications and day to day changes that can deeply impact the overall budget.
Effectively and efficiently manage a large team that works with every department in the organization as well executes duties as a team within our IT, facilities, front desk, and security departments. Creative problem-solving skills are required to manage competing interest across teams and mediation skills to work through problems with multiple team members.
Excellent multi-tasking and critical reasoning skills is absolutely needed as requests come up throughout the day that are urgent and shift from one area of focus to another with the need to prioritize competing requests, adhere to a built in system for request management, pick up a project quickly after being disrupted, and make quick challenging decisions when issues arise that were unseen.
Demonstrated commitment to Martha’s Table’s core values of compassion, respect, teamwork, and accountability.


Preferred:

Creativity and innovative thinking
Bilingual is a huge plus! (Amharic and/or Spanish language fluency)


EDUCATION AND TRAINING REQUIREMENTS

Preferred:

Bachelor’s degree and/or two+ years of professional experience in nonprofit environment


WORKING CONDITIONS

This is a Stationary position."	11322	Washington
NOC Operations Manager	NPR	Washington, DC (NoMa area)	None	"OVERVIEW


A thriving, mission-driven multimedia organization, NPR produces award-winning news, information, and music programming in partnership with hundreds of independent public radio stations across the nation. The NPR audience values information, creativity, curiosity, and social responsibility – and our employees do too. We are innovators and leaders in diverse fields, from journalism and digital media to IT and development. Every day, our employees and member stations touch the lives of millions worldwide.


Across our organization, we’re building a workplace where collaboration is essential, diverse voices are heard, and inclusion is the key to our success.


Manages technical operation of the 24/7/365 satellite systems and Network Operations Center (NOC) for daily content distribution and help desk functions. Responsible for ensuring uninterrupted system operations and successful implementation of any required fixes and/or enhancements. This position will support operations by assisting with system and process improvements, change implementation and NOC Technicians training. Responsible for employee scheduling and assigning tasks and setting goals for the operations staff.


RESPONSIBILITIES


Manages daily technical operations of Satellite and NOC Systems, ensuring uninterrupted system operations in support of users / customers, as well as ongoing customer support via help desk. Maintains working knowledge of all technical aspects of NOC operations and systems including but not limited to: satellite uplinks, RF transmission systems, stream and file delivery systems, and telecommunication networks
Shares responsibility for NOC Technician scheduling in a 24x7x365 newsroom environment; responds to leave requests, last minute breaking news events, and staffing emergencies, provides regular feedback, and conducts performance reviews
Regularly embeds with NOC staff to evaluate workflow and training; provides feedback, recommends and advocates for system improvements, and provides gap analysis
Develops and oversees the implementation of operating policies and procedures and related performance metrics for the Operations unit. Adapts procedures as required to reflect ongoing evolution of technology platforms and associated features and functions
Identifies and resolves problems that may impact Public Radio Satellite Systems (PRSS) daily operations and/or project delivery by monitoring system performance. Able to escalate important issues to the attention of Operations Director
Represents NOC/Operations to internal stakeholders and outside partners
Hires, onboards, and trains new staff on processes, procedures and/or operational systems
Cultivate and support an inclusive and equitable workplace culture
Supervises 5+ union staff in full compliance with NPR/NABET collective bargaining agreement. Up to and including; preparing their regular performance reviews, and making effective recommendations regarding any hiring, promotion, and discipline for these positions
Responds to critical equipment issues, as part of an On-Call rotation (24x7x365 basis)


QUALIFICATIONS

Five plus years experience in a technical management or technical supervisory position required, including experience in supervising staff, managing multiple priorities, and budget administration. Experience in Union environment highly desirable
Demonstrated hands-on systems operations / management experience in a network operations setting
Highly experienced in the design and operation of real-time command and control applications
Three to five years experience in direct (first-level) user support of advanced network applications and topologies

REQUIRED SKILLS

Demonstrable history of effective staff leadership, development, and delegation
Experience with monitoring and operating 24X7, mission critical, broadcast-centric Internet applications, corporate intranets, and/or other custom applications
Experience with the operational environment of broadcast network and radio stations in the US strongly preferred. Public radio or broadcasting experience a plus
Ability to effectively communicate to department management and business sponsors the status of projects and issues as they relate to the development process
Familiarity with emerging standards of computer audio storage and transmission
Demonstrated ability to communicate well with others on technical and managerial subjects in both written and oral form
Ability to identify goals, set priorities, and meet objectives with a minimum of supervision is required
Ability to work independently, multitask, prioritize, and thrive in a 24x7 deadline driven environment
Excellent communication skills (written, oral, documentation creation, etc.)
Adept at identifying and solving complex technical and operational problems with poise and expertise
Willingness to work off-hours and weekends as needed to support NPR’s programs and departmental staff; Also ability to take part of an On-Call rotation (24x7x365 basis).
Customer service focused mentality


PREFERRED SKILLS
Knowledge of operating systems (Windows 10; UNIX) and development languages desirable (Java)
Experience with automated broadcast playout systems
Ability to automate manual processes via scripts
Understanding of popular workflow tools and ticketing systems


Want more NPR? Explore the stories behind the stories on our NPR Extra blog. Get social with NPR Extra on Facebook and following @NPRExtra and #NPRLife on Twitter and Instagram. Find more career opportunities at NPR.org/careers and on Twitter at @NPRJobs.

NPR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. NPR is committed to being an inclusive workplace that welcomes diverse and unique perspectives, all working toward the same goal – to create a more informed public. Qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, national origin, ancestry, age, religion, religious belief, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, lactation, and reproductive health decisions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, transgender status, gender non-conforming status, intersex status, sexual stereotypes, nationality, citizenship status, personal appearance, marital status, family status, family responsibilities, military status, veteran status, mental and physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, genetic characteristics of yourself or a family member, political views and affiliation, unemployment status, protective order status, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other basis prohibited under applicable law."	11322	Washington
Project Manager - Information Technology (IT)	Kikiktagruk Inupiat Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Title: Project Manager - Information Technology (IT)
Location: Washington, DC
FLSA Status: Exempt
Position Summary:
The Project Manager will provide Project Management Technical Support Services to the OWCP Division of Administration and Operations Branch of Medical Standards and Rehabilitation (BMSR). The Project Manager provides coordination of projects related to medical claims and claims processing systems.
Duties/Responsibilities:
Provides IT project management (PM) support technical PMO to the DAO Branch of Medical Standards and Operations (BMSO).
Leads assigned BMSO projects, coordinating and overseeing all aspects through completion, including creating technical IT analyses and related documentation, process flows, review of Contractor-submitted technical deliverables, and recommendations to the OWCP PMO regarding solutions to technical issues.
Establishes deadlines for assigned projects, sets tasks, and monitors and summarizes progress through interfacing with all BMSO and PMO resources.
Support the Workers' Compensation Medical Bill Processing (WCMBP) contract Project Manager and BMSO PMO with schedule management, make recommendations and advise the WCMBP Project Manager and BMSO PMO of all management, planning, and technical issues, make recommendations to streamline procedures, and identify potential risks and possible mitigations.
Prepares project status reports for DAO management upon request
Minimum Requirements:
Must have at least 7 years' experience with workers' compensation bill processing or a related field.
BS degree in Information Systems, Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, or similar technical disciplines.
Project management experience of at least 8 years on managing large and complex IT modernization and migration projects, specifically large software/system development.
Working knowledge and/or experience in medical billing work is preferred.
Experience and demonstrated ability of working concurrently with multiple internal and external business and IT stakeholder groups both Government and Contractor
Demonstrated working experience with and of a range of software development life cycles and technologies.
Demonstrated experience successfully managing concurrent priority tasks/projects and have the ability to ""hit the ground running"".
Must be a self-starter with a delivery-focused mentality and strong work ethic.
Demonstrated experience in facilitating business and technical requirements sessions.
Demonstrated experience with analyzing, defining, documenting business and system requirements.
Demonstrated ability to think outside of the box and possesses creative problem solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to communicate with front line through executives
Well versed in managing large IT projects involving multiple external and internal integration and dependency points.
Apply online at our website: https://kikiktagruk.applicantpool.com/
Disclaimer: This is not to be an exclusive list of all responsibilities', duties, and skills required of the person in this job. KIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KIC considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, family responsibility, marital status, sexual orientation, political affiliation, veteran's status or any other legal protected status. Pursuant to The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act 43 U.S.C. Sec. 1601 et seq., and federal contractual requirements, Kikiktagruk Inupiat Corporation, may legally grant certain preference in employment opportunities to KIC Shareholders and their Descendants. EOE/AA/M/F/D/V. Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here. Successful candidate must pass, comply and adhere to KIC's Drug and Alcohol policy/testing requirements and pass a thorough background check including fingerprinting."	11322	Washington
FACILITIES MAINTENANCE SECTION MANAGER	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA 22201 (Clarendon-Courthouse area)	$103,584 - $158,142 a year	"Position Information
NOTE: This is a re-opening to expand the pool of qualified candidates. If you have already applied for this position, there is no need to re-apply unless you wish to update your application.

The Facilities Maintenance Section within the Department of Environmental Services (DES) is seeking a Facilities Maintenance Section Manager to facilitate overall section operation and oversee the 24/7 building & equipment operation, maintenance, repair and minor construction of all County Government facilities. This includes managing the ongoing operation of buildings and building systems for eighty-seven (87) facilities, which includes office buildings, fire stations, recreation centers, historic buildings, detention facilities, courts-police building, libraries, and more.

Specific duties:
Manages oversight and evaluation of facility maintenance programs and operations; implements long and short-term program goals, objectives, procedures, and service standards, and creates and documents specific action plans to accomplish goals;
Manages staffing requirements and supervises staff, formulates program plans, broad work schedules and methods, works with first line supervisors to set priorities and deadlines, and monitor operations and resolve escalated problems that require technical expertise or analysis;
Performs program liaison work to facilitate interaction among staff, other County agencies, work units and contractors including coordinating with construction managers to ensure all systems and equipment installation meet the design intent and needs of the user;
Plans and designs small building rehabilitation/construction projects, such as HVAC system, power generation, back-up power, roof, store front, façade, and window replacements;
Evaluates resource needs (equipment, personnel and budgetary) by inspecting buildings and related equipment and researching and analyzing age, condition, maintenance history and life expectancy data;
Identifies major long-term maintenance, equipment, and systems replacement requirements; establishes goals and arranges for appropriate staffing and materials;
Manages operating budget, analyzes previous and anticipated expenditures, projects new fiscal year section budget and writes justifications, conducts cost analysis studies and initiates orders for new or replacement equipment/staff, ensures expenditures remain within the budget, and reviews/approves invoices for purchased goods;
Manages capital budget expenditures, identifies projects and assists in the development of cost analyses, monitors expenditures through construction, and coordinates operational and budgeting aspects with participating agencies;
Coordinates contract management, cost analysis studies to determine program staff vs contract staff, writes specifications, selection of contractors, estimates repair costs in order to monitor bids and contracts in force, monitors contractor performance, and cost estimate overruns and change order requests and payments;
Coordinates with design and construction groups to determine the impacts of improvements or replacements on infrastructure maintenance to ensure feasibility of future maintenance and operations;
Evaluates the efficiency, effectiveness, and safety of building equipment through the analysis of operational data through regular inspection of distribution lines for steam, water, plumbing, electricity and refrigeration and evaluation of materials and processes used in repair and replacement work; and
Manages safety programs to detect, minimize and control safety hazards and manages the Facilities Maintenance Dispatcher group and the work order system (EAM) to tracks County wide work order request for Facilities Maintenance.

The successful candidate will possess:

Reading comprehension skills to read and interpret technical reports and charts;
Ability to use computer programs and applications to complete work;
Writing skills to compose and edit reports, proposals, procedures, policies, recommendations, etc.;
Management skills to manage staff, contracts, and programs;
Arithmetic skills to add, subtract, multiply, or divide decimals or fractions and calculate percentages;
Problem solving skills to define problems and collect relevant information to recommend policy solutions; and
Extensive knowledge of the building trades and automated building systems.

Selection Criteria

Minimums:
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Architecture, Construction Management, Public Administration or related field; and
3 years of experience leading facilities operations and maintenance activities on buildings and systems, including a variety of complex state-of-the-art equipment.

Substitution: Additional qualifying experience may be substituted for the educational requirement on a year-for-year basis.

Desirables: Preference may be given to candidates with experience or licensure in one or more of the following:

A First-Class Steam Engineer License and/or journeyman HVAC license;
Supervising staff;
Contract Management;
Managing Operation Budget;
Coordinating and tracking maintenance and repair projects;
Knowledge of engineering principles, construction and design, BOCA Codes and/or NEPA requirements;
Working in a local government and/or urban environment.

Special Requirements

A pre-employment criminal records check will be conducted. It may include checks of the following: criminal record, driving record, education, professional licensure, and credit history. You may be required to sign a release authorizing the County to obtain your background information.

The applicant must possess, or obtain and confirm by the time of appointment, a valid Driver License, or the applicant must have the ability and willingness to use alternative methods of transportation to perform assigned duties and responsibilities at locations other than the primary worksite. Any offer of employment is contingent upon a favorable review of the applicant's driving record.

Completion of the Commonwealth of Virginia Statement of Economic Interest (Financial Disclosure) form will be required of the successful candidate upon hire and annually thereafter.
Additional Information

Work hours: Monday- Friday, 7:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. with flexibility. Must be available after hours and during emergencies.

Each section of the application must be completed. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Incomplete applications will be rejected."	11322	Washington
AFMRA Program/Project Manager	Serco North America	Herndon, VA 20170	None	"Position Description:

If you love high profile and challenging projects supporting the USAF Medical Readiness Agency- Serco has a great opportunity for you! This Program/Project Manager will be leading a dynamic team, providing professional and administrative support services to AFMRA HQ and Medical Treatment Facilities throughout the AF. Bring your expertise and collaborative skills to make positive impact for our military health and wellness for our Air Force Personnel.
The US Air Force Medical Readiness Agency (AFMRA) is laser focused on operational medical readiness and provides a more ready fighting force. The organization oversees medical readiness programs, expeditionary medical capabilities, and readiness-related Air Force mission support requirements. It also assists the AF Surgeon General in developing the policies to support Air Force major commands and base-level unit missions worldwide.
As the Program/Project Manager you will be leading a dynamic team that works closely with AFMRA leadership and Air Force Medical Treatment Facilities teams to deliver top notch leadership to the USAF medical community throughout the Continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii, Guam and Puerto Rico.
In this role, you will be providing day-to-day operational support in a high operational tempo environment; be the Subject Matter Expert for task management supporting over 400 active duty and civilians personnel; prioritize and manage task assignment to your team; facilitate shaping strategic messaging for the AFMRA organization; and manage contract performance.
Qualifications:

To be successful in this role, you will require:
A Bachelor’s degree and 5 years’ experience in health-care related field
10 years’ experience in an AF Medical organization (of which includes 3 years’ experience at a Headquarters/MAJCOM level)
Expert knowledge of AFMS operating principles, organizational structure and design and programs/functions
Minimum of five (5) years’ experience in information management and knowledge management
Must have a valid US Passport?
Must have a DoD Secret Level Clearance
Must be able to travel up to 25% of the time CONUS and OCONUS
Must be able to relocate to the NCR
Must be able to elaborate your DoD Medical Experience to include the Organization and in what capacity that you provided this support
Additional desired experience and skills:
Program Management Professional (PMP) Certification.
**Serco Inc. is using this posting for the purpose of responding to a proposal. We are seeking qualified candidates in the event of a contract award. This position is not currently funded/active. Should Serco be awarded the contract, and you meet the qualifications of the position, you will be considered in the selection process.**
Company Overview:

Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has over 9,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).
To review Serco benefits please visit: https://www.serco.com/na/careers/benefits-of-choosing-serco.
If you require an accommodation with the application process please email: careers@serco-na.com or call the HR Service Desk at 800-628-6458, option 1. Please note, due to EEOC/OFCCP compliance, Serco is unable to accept resumes by email.
Serco does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies without being a contracted approved vendor. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Serco and will not be obligated to pay a placement or contract fee. If you are interested in becoming an approved vendor at Serco, please email Agencies@serco-na.com."	11322	Washington
HR Project Manager	SiriusXM	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	None	"SiriusXM and Pandora have joined together to create the leading audio entertainment company in the U.S. Together, we are uniquely positioned to lead a new era of audio entertainment by delivering the most compelling subscription and ad-supported audio experiences to millions of listeners - in the car, at home and on the go. Our talent, content, technology and innovation continue to be at the forefront, and we want you to be a part of it! Check out our current openings below and at www.siriusxm.com/careers.
Position Summary:
We’re looking for a strong Project Manager to help us execute against the HR vision and strategy that supports SiriusXM today and for the future. You’re curious, eager to learn, can build rapport, organize teams against a common goal, and can keep multiple projects on track. You bring structure and harmony to cross-functional efforts. You embody a mindset of change, feel comfortable in a nimble, dynamic and fluid work environment, and enable others to do the same.
The HR Project Manager, reporting into the Head of People Services, will contribute to the overall management of the HR project portfolio as well as directly manage key HR projects, both technical and non-technical. This role will also partner with leaders of HR Centers of Expertise (COE) to understand core activities and influence prioritization of new programs.
Duties and Responsibilities:
The selected candidate will:
Own and effectively manage multiple small to large scale projects and tasks concurrently, including project design, scope and solutions
Lead effective governance across the project management lifecycle
Gain subject matter expertise of project, its business value, customer benefits and needs addressed, and deep dive into business and technical details
Ensure business goals are identified and agreed upon for the project; establish quantitative KPIs with baseline and measure targets
Understand how to apply project management concepts to projects and programs that don’t necessarily fall in the typical SDLC framework
Drive cross-team collaboration in a structured and efficient way seeking to accelerate progress toward goals while removing barriers and roadblocks along the way
Ensure project team and stakeholders have adequate understanding of ownership, timelines, resource needs, risks, contentions, and dependencies
Manage and drive decision making among stakeholders
Track and report project status; communicate regular updates to various constituents using centralized means
Partner with Internal Communications team to determine rollout/launch strategy; manage execution of communications plan
Partner with COEs to develop change management strategies that will drive adoption and enablement for impacted audiences (employees, managers, administrators, departments, etc)
Execute project deliverables utilizing HR PMO tools, templates and methodology
Identify improvements to streamline and simplify the PMO processes to meet the evolving needs of the business
Supervisory Responsibilities:
None
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent
Minimum of 5 years in program/project management role and/or management consulting.
Experience managing people projects / HR initiatives a plus
Requirements and General Skills:
Must have excellent interpersonal, presentation, and influencing skills
Exemplify organization and attention to detail in all that you do
Familiarity with business process design/improvement/management methodology and tools
Must be a self motivated team player able to work effectively with general guidance toward objectives
Bachelor's degree or equivalent
Experience using models like DACI and AGILE and applying operation models to drive execution and decision making
Technical Skills:
Proficient in Google suite (Docs, Sheets, Slides) and Microsoft Office (WORD, Excel, PowerPoint & Project)
More details about our company benefits can be found here!
Our goal at SiriusXM+Pandora is to provide and maintain a work environment that fosters mutual respect, professionalism and cooperation. SiriusXM+Pandora is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, creed, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, alienage or citizenship status, age, disability or handicap, sex, gender identity, marital status, familial status, veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.
The requirements and duties described above may be modified or waived by the Company in its sole discretion without notice."	11322	Washington
LIBRARY BRANCH MANAGER	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA	$70,574 - $121,430 a year	"Position Information
Arlington County's Public Library is seeking an innovative and experienced manager to join the Public Services Leadership Team. We invite candidates who have proven leadership skills, are strategic thinkers and problem solvers, have strong interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills, and are dedicated to creating a welcoming and inclusive space for culture and connection.

Specific duties include:
Providing mentorship, leadership, and management to professional and administrative staff, including development, training, and performance evaluations;
Contributing to the planning and evaluation of system-wide policies and best practices;
Directing the planning and implementation of services, partnerships, programs, events, outreach, staffing, and volunteer support;
Assessing, recommending, and implementing streamlined processes and procedures to ensure and maintain quality standards;
Making decisions based on data, including interaction reports, staffing audits, and location-specific reports;
Supervising the maintenance of collections, in collaboration with Materials Management Division staff;
Participating in Library and County committees or workgroups to further the Library's mission; and
Developing and maintaining community contacts. .
The ideal candidate will have the following:

Experience as a hands-on manager, and be a problem solver and strategic thinker;
An ability to manage multiple tasks, understand and focus on Library system-wide and County priorities, work successfully within a team, and communicate effectively;
An awareness of current trends in public libraries, be proficient with technology, be forward thinking, and a proven innovator, and
Experience as a change agent with a strong background in internal workgroup dynamics and performance management.
Selection Criteria
Minimum: Masters' Degree in Library Science or Information Science from an American Library Association (ALA) accredited college or university plus extensive leadership and management experience (three or more years) in a library setting which includes experience leading change efforts, leveraging technology and leading a team to achieve strategic initiatives.

Desirables: Preference will be given to candidates with experience in one or more of the following:
Managing public library services for a cultural diverse customer population;
Direct supervision and evaluation of staff performance;
Developing or re-imagining public library services; and/or
Working cross departmentally to collaborate on major initiatives, projects or services.
Special Requirements
As part of this application, please include a cover letter that describes in detail how your training, education and experience has prepared you for this position and how you meet the qualifications. Your cover letter should include:
An overview of your experience supervising and evaluating staff performance and managing library services for a culturally diverse customer population.
A description of your experience developing or reimagining library services and leading staff through change, and
A description of how your efforts lead to improved performance or operations.
Please use the space provided in the Supplemental Questions section of the online application for your cover letter or attach it to your online application
Additional Information
Work location and hours of work: Full-time 40 hours per week, including some evening and weekend work. Actual work schedule is determined by the needs of the work location; assignment location could change over time. The current vacancy are at the Columbia Pike, Glencarlyn and Shirlington Libraries.

The official title of this position is Librarian Supervisor.

The salary listed is effective FY22, July 2021."	11322	Washington
IT Program Manager	Twinn Intelligence Group	Herndon, VA	$150,000 - $170,000 a year	"Twinn is seeking a Fully Cleared PM to help support their Gov't customer.

Mandatory Skills

Demonstrated experience with computer and telecommunications systems

Demonstrated experience using standard office productivity software applications

Demonstrated experience eliciting requirements

Demonstrated experience identifying requirements.

Demonstrated experience drafting requirements

Demonstrated experience reviewing program documentation

Demonstrated experience generating formal review documentation

Demonstrated experience coordinating, supporting, and participating in program meetings and reviews

Demonstrated experience capturing meeting minutes

Demonstrated experience reviewing program plans

Demonstrated experience identifying inconsistencies in program plans

Demonstrated experience with portfolio management

Demonstrated experience supporting division-level budget and plans activities.

Demonstrated experience with project management activities such as planning projects, meeting objectives, developing contingencies, and producing schedules

Demonstrated experience with project management methodologies.

Demonstrated experience with executive report preparation.

Demonstrated experience managing meetings to include organizing, scheduling, and facilitating.

Demonstrated experience resolving complex problems including organizing and structuring solutions.

Optional Skills

Demonstrated experience with social collaborative tools such as wikis, blogs, and chats.

Demonstrated experience coordinating with appropriate task managers for problem resolution and task clarification

Demonstrated experience analyzing the computer and information needs of the organization from an operational and strategic perspective and determining immediate and long range requirements

Demonstrated experience communicating with senior customers, senior management, and implementation partners.

#TwinnIntelligence"	11322	Washington
Cybersecurity Project Manager	Spatial Front	McLean, VA 22102	None	"About the Company:
Spatial Front, Inc is the fast-growing small company providing IT solutions to federal, state, local governments, and the private sector. SFI is nationally recognized by Inc. Magazine by being awarded the Inc. 5000 Award in 2018, 2019, and 2020. We pride ourselves on being one of the premier employers in the VA, MD, DC area.


SFI is an industry leader in delivering cutting-edge technical solutions and mission support services that bring our customer’s businesses to the forefront of the 21st century. Our corporate commitment to excellence in client services and product development means that our people are attentive, hands-on, and bring industry-leading expertise that will meet and exceed your needs in a straightforward, timely, and cost-effective manner.


Every employee at SFI is a leader. We do not settle. We blaze our own path and inspire those around us into action. We motivate others to reach their full potential. To learn more about us visit: www.spatialfront.com
Project Overview:
The Information Assurance Branch (IAB) is an integrated team under the Assistant Chief Information Officer (ACIO), whose mission is to help customers “build security into IT systems” by evaluating business and technology cybersecurity needs and designing solutions to meet those needs. The scope of IAB’s Security Engineering contract is to deliver cybersecurity to the FPAC mission area. IAB’s Engineering and Planning section is made up of Security Engineering, Architecture, Strategic and Tactical Planning teams. Together they set the target state and future direction of Information Security for the Agency and mission area. IAB is not a development office; IAB does not develop anything; IAB provide security services for FPAC. IAB does support the development efforts from other FPAC program areas. In regard to Development, Security, & Operations (DevSecOps) as a management approach, FPAC-IAB is currently designing a framework that best represents the FPAC mission area.
This positions is responsible for the performance of the work specified in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contract: Has full authority to act on behalf of the company for all issues pertaining to contract administration, responsible for the timely and accurate submission of all work function task orders and invoices, provides sufficient management so that contract work is performed efficiently, accurately, on time, and in compliance with the contract requirements.
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification and one of the leading industry certifications in Cyber Security (e.g., CISSP, CISM, etc.) is preferred but not required.
Primary Responsibilities:

Applies strategic planning methodologies and techniques to create goals, captures appropriate performance metrics and assesses progress to facilitate long range planning.
Develops, manages and reports on any specific Strategic Plan, as well as prepares project and program briefings as required by the government.
Implements, manages, and supports a phased management processes to provide a system for
reviewing investment initiatives, projects, and on-going IT services through the implementation of Program Management Reviews (PMR), project status reports and performance across the project management triad (cost, schedule, time).
Applies industry best practices to ensure a high degree of initiative and responsiveness towards project management.
Maintains knowledge of all standards and methodologies associated project management such as but are not limited to:
Industry Standard Project Management Methodologies
The agency SDLC methodology (most current version)
Agency IT policies
USDA IT Governance Framework including Governance standards
PMI Standard for Project Management
Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI)

Required Skills & Qualifications:

Ability to interact with and conduct presentations to all levels of management and stakeholders
Candidates must be able to pass a US Public Trust background check for badging and to access client systems


Certifications Desired (not required):

Project Management Professional (PMP) and,
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)


Education: Bachelors Degree
Desired Skills & Qualifications:

Superior communication skills, both verbal and written
Professional appearance
Must be able to multi-task and manage time amongst clients
Flexibility and ability to bounce between projects quickly
Takes initiative and doesn’t need constant instruction
Excellent follow-through"	11322	Washington
Senior Project Manager	Enovational	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$110,000 - $150,000 a year	Enovational Corp is a fast growing technology startup building web and mobile applications. We specialize in delivering award-winning user experiences paired with solid technology, as both client solutions and our own consumer products. And we believe our successes come from our teamwork and mutual respect for each other’s talents and unique perspectives.So when we say we are looking for a Senior Project Manager, yes, we want someone who is eloquent, well organized, empathetic with exceptional skills in project management, communication, coaching, and relationship building. We also need a team member who will provide team leadership and do what it takes to help us deliver successful projects and maintain a collaborative and learning-oriented company culture.What you might do on any given day: Validate and improve upon the approach for a given project including defining roles, stakeholder involvement, risks, dependencies, deliverables, review and approval processes, and anticipated milestone dates. Support project leads in adjusting throughout the course of the project.Work with stakeholders and subject matter experts on the client side, as well as internal team members, to understand, document and manage the scope of work for a given project.Review and improve upon project governance and project management documentation produced by other project managers, such as project plans, schedules, communications plans, risk registers, status updates, critical paths, etc.Foster analytical thinking and collaborate with our internal team to conduct work breakdowns, identify necessary resources, and collect estimates regarding time and complexity of tasks.Provide appropriate coaching, direction and delegation to project team members, including other project managers.Produce materials and leadership that furthers the skills and learning of team members through participation in our internal project management community.Help project teams manage client expectations around timelines, deliverables, and scope of work with sophistication to set up both clients and internal teams for success.Oversee all client communications from the project team, including providing timely and accurate status updates.Monitor delivery progress and determine if teams have the velocity, skills, and tools to execute work according to the current project plan, and continuously assess the need to change tactics or supplement personnel.We think you’ll enjoy working with our team if you: Can coach others on organization, time management and prioritization.Are good at handling multiple initiatives and work streams at once.Enjoy taking the lead as much as letting others take the lead.Know how to respectfully guide clients and team members to reasonable expectations that set them up for success.Are comfortable dealing with clients and team members coming from diverse backgrounds and experiences, and finding common ground.Can turn difficult situations, conflicts, and criticisms into opportunities to apply your and the team’s problem-solving skills and find positive outcomes for all parties involved.Work with humility, like to listen to understand, ask thoughtful questions, and don't feel the need to push your own message or agenda.Are genuinely passionate about what you do. You are a perpetual learner and excited to experiment for team and process growth..Can work quickly and deftly to understand what the current moment or situation needs, and are able to then coach the team to respond appropriately with a document, email or meeting that pushes the effort forward.Have a positive yet practical attitude. You are willing to take on any task that might help move one of our projects a little further.This position might not be for you if you: Don’t like to be the one to keep track of the bigger picture or the details.Struggle to stay organized, identify the steps to get to a bigger goal, or outline a necessary sequence of activities.Would prefer to avoid a difficult situation or conflict with clients or teams rather than having an honest and compassionate conversation to find a positive resolution.Are not comfortable with both providing and receiving feedback, direction, coaching, or task delegation.Prefer to determine what’s right for the client or team on your own, without taking their input or feedback into account.Are looking for a team to execute your personal vision, process, and ideas rather than using a collaborative and adaptive approach, relying on your team members capabilities and recommendations.Aren't comfortable working directly with clients and users, and not willing to travel to Maryland or D.C. to meet with them in person.Work better in structured environments or have trouble with ambiguity and uncertainty.If you’re interested in applying: Candidates for this position will have at least 5 years of experience working in an agile environment and a bachelor’s degree in business administration, social sciences or technology, though we will consider other areas of study or equivalent work experience. Our ideal candidate has earned a PMP, CMP or other comparable industry certification, and has at least three years of experience in agile project management or consulting. We’re a growing company and care very much about creating an amazing work environment with great growth opportunities, and hope that you’ll join us early on and help shape a bright and exciting future for our ambitious company.To apply, go to the Senior Project Manager job posting on enovational.com/careers and submit:Your resumeA cover letter describing one or more large projects you’ve had to manage, and how your contribution helped make those projects a success, or simply why you’re interested in this positionJob Type: Full-timePay: $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payExperience:Agile Project Management: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeCompany's website:enovational.comCompany's Facebook page:www.facebook.com/enovational/Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
Manager, Administration and VIP Services	WASHINGTON NATIONALS	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Summary:
We are looking for a dynamic, organized, high energy candidate to work in a fast paced professional environment. The ideal candidate will have experience supporting C-level executives and have experience-managing people.
Reporting to the Senior Vice President, the Manager, Administration and VIP Services is responsible for supporting the C-level executive and supervising the Office Services/VIP teams. S/he has a proven ability to independently manage multiple tasks and projects with competing priorities and deadlines, screen and prioritize communications and opportunities from external and internal sources, and organize and maintain administrative processes.
The Nationals are a military-friendly organization actively recruiting veterans and spouses.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Administration
Manage external contacts, proactively understanding who they are, which are priority contacts and keep track of periodic communication needed for priority contacts.
Anticipate the needs and proactively bring together appropriate people and resources to support the executive in addressing issues.
Coordinate and facilitate meetings.
Manage the daily schedule, ensuring the Senior Vice President knows their schedule 24 hours in advance and keeping appointments and meetings on time or changing schedules when necessary.
Develop and maintain a system that alerts upcoming deadlines and incoming requests or events.
Manage travel arrangements and proactively coordinate the pre-planning of trips with various internal functions, including.
Arrange appropriate travel, visas, agendas and necessary contacts, country information, etc.
Ensure that various administrative tasks are done in an effective and efficient manner, including composing correspondence, copying, reviewing outside mail, drafting correspondence, screening phone calls. Review Company documents (i.e. invoices, expense reports) for appropriate signatures, form completion, etc. before submission to the Senior Vice President.
Assist in the organization and administration of the department, including identifying needs and developing procedures, filing systems, supplies, and arranges for equipment maintenance when needed.
Work with Senior Vice President on Postseason coordination and special projects.
Supervisory Duties
Supervise the VIP Services Coordinator, and the Office Services Department employees (Mailroom Coordinator, Receptionist, and Office Services Coordinator).
VIP Services
Ensure that all VIP needs met by overseeing the VIP Services Coordinator and providing assistance as needed.
Make sure comprehensive manual that addresses all VIP needs including policies, procedures and protocol to accomplish and anticipate the needs of VIPs (e.g. tickets, hospitality, player requests and merchandise needs) is maintained.
Review and approve an accurate inventory of the promotional and giveaway items.
Review VIP suite menu for each homestand.
Review guest lists each homestand.
Approve external communications with VIPs.
Office Services
Create and manage the annual Office Services budget.
Review and approve all pantry and office supplies/equipment purchase requisitions.
Review and approve weekly office damages list.
Review and approve monthly telephone list and the on-line front office roster.
Coordinate office space and supplies for new hires.
Ensure mailroom run in compliance with MLB rules and regulations.
Ensure monthly reports submitted to league.
Coordinate spring training deliveries with operations in Florida.
Make sure all departments have supplies prior to beginning of homestand.
Audit pantry and office supply inventory to ensure it is being completed accurately and consistently
Negotiate contracts and manage relationships with office service vendors, including beverage supplier, package delivery companies and vending machines.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent military experience.
Minimum of 5 years’ experience supporting C-level Executives and working with Boards of Directors, necessary.
Minimum of 3 years management experience in event production or customer service.
Prior experience in corporate, entertainment and social event management and planning is desired.
Team and/or sports experience preferred.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities necessary to perform essential functions
Demonstrated ability to handle confidential information appropriately.
Highly proficient in the following software programs: (Word, /Excel/PowerPoint, databases).
Ability to stay focused, efficient, and effective in managing multiple priorities.
Professional demeanor in all circumstances.
Strong interpersonal skills and good judgment.
Proven ability to work independently to achieve accomplishments.
Exemplary relationship building, communication, writing and verbal skills.
Mature, energetic with a ‘let’s roll up our sleeves’ attitude.
Proven ability to effectively collaborate with internal team, cross-functional team, and external parties
Ability to work regular business hours, evenings and/or weekends as needed.
Uphold Core Values: Excellence, Performance, and Accountability. These core values set the tone in everything we do, help us succeed on and off the field, make a difference in the community and provide the best guest experience in sports. It is important that the person in the position commits themselves to these core values so that we can constantly move forward in the same direction – Together.
Physical/Environmental Requirements
Office: Working conditions are normal for an office environment. Frequent evening, weekend and holiday work is required.
Gameday: Job requires employee to function in a high activity and heavily crowded outdoor professional sports venue. May work at heights. Employee will be exposed to inclement weather of varying degrees. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand for long periods of time, walk long distances, and climb up/down stairs. The employee is required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or sit and must lift and/or move up to 45 pounds.
Experience
Preferred
Manager
Education
Preferred
Bachelors or better"	11322	Washington
IT Auditor	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"IT Auditor(Job Number: 050785)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking an Associate IT Auditor to join its State & Local service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
IT Audit to support for State Auditor's financial statement audits
Federal Information Systems Control Audit Manual (FISCAM)


Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.

Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.

Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	11322	Washington
Manager, Project Delivery, Economic Growth	Palladium Group, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	"Manager, Project Delivery, Economic Growth
Company Overview:
About Palladium - Palladium is a global leader in the design, development and delivery of Positive Impact – the intentional creation of enduring social and economic value. We work with governments, businesses, and investors to solve the world's most pressing challenges. With a team of more than 3,000 employees operating in 90 plus countries and a global network of over 35,000 experts, we help improve economies, societies and, most importantly, people's lives.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion - We welcome applications from all sections of society and actively encourage diversity to drive innovation, creativity, success and good practice. We positively welcome and seek to ensure we achieve diversity in our workforce; and that all job applicants and employees receive equal and fair treatment regardless of their background or personal characteristics. These include: (but are not limited to) socio-economic background, age, race, gender identity, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability, nationality, veteran, marital or Indigenous status.

Should you require any adjustments or accommodations to be made due to a disability or you are a neurodivergent individual or any other circumstance, please email our team at accessibility@thepalladiumgroup.com
Safeguarding - We define Safeguarding as “the preventative action taken by Palladium to protect our people, clients and the communities we work with from harm”. We are committed to ensuring that all children and adults who come into contact with Palladium are treated with respect and are free from abuse. All successful candidates will be subject to an enhanced selection process including safeguarding-focused interviews and a rigorous due diligence process.
Purpose of Position:
For assigned projects, the Manager, Project Delivery serves as part of the Project Management Unit. This team is responsible under the leadership of Practice Area Lead for the management and delivery of projects. The specific purpose of the position is to facilitate the management and implementation of effective and efficient program delivery, financial and compliance activities to deliver projects in accordance with contractual obligations, company policies and client rules and regulations.

The Manager, Project Delivery, plays a key role in leading day-to-day management activities of the project team, harmonizing technical goals and compliance with our client agreements, regulations, and internal policies. Through this experience and working closely with their PMU, managers, project delivery, are expected to gain the competencies and skills needed to progress to director level roles in project delivery, or functional areas. This role also typically supervises one or more Associate(s), Project Delivery, ensuring their training in project management duties and best practices, while also promoting their development and growth into future managers, project delivery or functional roles.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Project Management
Plan and manage project start-up and closeout, supporting in-country corporate registration as needed;

Serve as the project’s primary liaison with corporate services, Senior Managers, Project Delivery, and Compliance and Project Excellence Hub;

Prepare and maintain project specific components of the project management manual;

In collaboration with the Compliance and Project Excellence Hub and corporate services, provide training and guidance to project staff on, and ensure compliance with, company policies and client rules and regulations (covering as required risk management, project planning, human resource management, monitoring, reporting, finance, procurement, logistics, IT, communications, audit support and all other project managements matters);

Establish project offices and office infrastructure; facilitate field office leases;

Participate in the development, implementation, and monitoring of project work plans, tracking project deliverables and monitoring project delivery against spending forecasts;

Support development and presentation of internal and external reporting (for example: quarterly Internal Project Reviews, CPARs, project risk assessments, annual reviews, and client deliverables);

Ensure project issues and risks are logged, reported on, managed and mitigated; and escalate risks and issues to Practice and Project Excellence and Compliance Hub leadership, as required;

In collaboration with Risk Management, conduct spot checks on processes and internal controls including asset management procedures;

Ensure all corrective actions for assigned projects are implemented and report back to confirm their completion via the risk register;

Serve as a point of contact with service providers and address contractual matters as required;

Support development of project subcontractor, grant management, and procurement procedures compliant with internal and client’s rules and regulations;

Report monthly on the status of partner budgets/invoicing and grants;

Manage planning and coordination of inputs from the company’s security team as needed;

Contribute to technical assistance through reviews, engaging in work planning and discussions with the field team, etc. to build skills with the goal of taking on a more senior role, such as director of project delivery or a functional area.
Contract and Client Relationship Management
Monitor and maintain compliance with head/prime contracts including agreement action requests (i.e., travel, personnel changes, grant approvals, budget realignments, etc.);

Liaise with C&C to communicate with contracting and agreement officers or other client representatives on any matters that make legal or financial commitments for Palladium;

Monitor and report on overall progress against agreed targets, milestones, outputs and activities;

Develop, manage and support contract amendments as required;

Liaise with and respond to requests from clients in conjunction with the project’s director, including providing or giving inputs on reporting;

Support project advocacy with internal and external stakeholders.
Financial Management
Ensure company policies for financial management are implemented and are compliant with the client’s rules and regulations;

Ensure that project levels of delegated authority issued are in accordance with Palladium’s Expenditure Approval and Signature Authority Policy and Guidelines and manage the process for higher-level approvals as required;

Collaborating with Financial Management establish project charge codes, ensuring they meet client and project requirements for cost allocation, monitoring and evaluation, and reporting;

In collaboration with Treasury, facilitate project bank accounts set-up with appropriate company and project signatories;

Ensure the project financial calendar is adhered to including monitoring, reconciling, and reporting expense advances monthly;

Leads monitoring budget progress against forecast as one metric to track project progress against its work plan; proactively seeks to solve shortages or overages against the frozen forecast as needed;

Review monthly Funds Transfer Requests (FTRs) to ensure they reflect budget progress and forecasting and seek approval for them as needed;

Review cashbooks / field vouchers and ensure supporting documentation is complete;

Serve as a coordinator for service providers and approve (or obtain approval for) work orders and invoices; ensure the accuracy of client invoices (including monthly, milestone and performance based invoices);

Monitor, reconcile and report expense advances monthly;

Support the external audit process as needed and ensure retention of project records is compliant with company and client policy;
Human Resource Management and Recruitment
Oversee project human resource planning, recruitment, contracting, with field teams and coordinate inputs from Compliance, HR, and Talent Acquisition teams (i.e. benefits, local labor law, etc.);

Working with associate, maintain project data on relevant HR systems for short-term and long-term staff and consultants; is maintained accurately;

Lead the mobilisation and demobilisation of all international staff (short-term and long-term) including contracting (in coordination with HR) and travel management;

Serve as primary supervisor to one or more Associate(s), Project Delivery, or Senior Associate(s), Project Delivery;

In conjunction with the PMU, and the Senior Manager, Project Delivery, engage in employee onboarding and training, educating new staff on policies, procedures, tools, and Palladium’s culture;

Actively monitor, review, correct, and provide feedback on all supervisee’s work products, providing additional training and support where necessary;

Take a proactive role in staff development, including working with supervisees to identify professional development opportunities, and holding monthly coaching sessions to advise them on project management best practices, core competencies, and general work skills and behaviors.
Business Development / Other
Contribute to company growth by ensuring assigned projects are managed well, ensuring Palladium is seen positively by clients for consideration in future business development;

Participate in capture planning, providing inputs on implementation requirements;

Provide input and support business development of the company as required.

Complete other duties as assigned.
Reporting requirements
The role reports to the Project Director. For multiple projects, the role has dual reporting requirements to the various relevant Project Directors. Reporting requirements include:
Attendance at all regular management team meetings,

Provision of regular updates to the line manager, including updates on Key Result Areas (KRAs) and any other material matters and/or areas of concern,

Monthly submission of financials and forecasts, and contributions to Practice and corporate reporting;

Other reporting as requested by the line manager.
Relationships
The role is part of the Practice Area,

As delegated, the role liaises with clients, technical area specialists, corporate services, professional service providers, and other stakeholders as required.
Authority levels
The role carries a degree of autonomy on project management with appropriate consultation. The role is required to analyse and make sound recommendations to the line manager;

The role may carry expenditure and/or signatory authority for project-related costs and documents;

Oversee and manage Senior Project Associates and Project Associates as assigned;

Contribute to process improvement through innovative and cost-effective ideas and suggestions.
Essential Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Works with respect and dignity for all colleagues and promotes a cooperative team working environment.

Formal Project Management training and expertise is helpful.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Financial acumen and the ability to interpret and analyse financial reports.

Sound problem solving and decision making skills.

Strong management skills with ability to mentor, coach, lead, develop and evaluate staff.

Ability to travel and work in developing countries for extended periods of time if needed.

Adaptability to work with a low level of supervision and as a part of a team as needed.
Fluency in Spanish.
Desirable Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Experience working in the international development sector.

Prior experience with USAID contracts and cooperative agreements is helpful."	11322	Washington
Cashier Attendant	Colonial Parking Inc	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	None	"Colonial Parking Culture: We Park Cars.Simple words, but they express the core of Colonial’s service mission. Colonial honors and respects that trust, in part, by staffing our parking facilities with well-trained and dedicated employees who go out of their way to make every parking experience a valued one.
There is a reason that Colonial is the Capital City’s leading parking provider throughout the Metropolitan Washington DC area. Simply put;Our relationships with property owners and property managers—our clients—are marked by integrity and accountability.
With more than 280 parking facilities Colonial offers convenient parking for tens of thousands of Washington D.C. residents and visitors every day.
Colonial’s approach to providing great service starts with attracting the best people. We look for candidates that have a proven track record in making customers feel at home and treating their property with respect and care.
What you will do:
To deliver the company’s standards of customer service with each parker transaction while maintaining an acceptable flow of traffic in and out of the parking facility.
Assisting the Shift Manager with the operation of a single parking facilities by utilizing quality customer service, receiving payment from customers for parking service and facilitating the flow of traffic through the gate by performing the following duties:
Provide the company’s standards of service with each customer including maintaining the required uniform appearance, stating the company greeting, answering questions, resolving issues and thanking each customer upon exit.
Keeping facility stocked with necessary forms and supplies.
Reporting to work on time.
Completing Customer Damage Report with customer and relaying all information regarding claim reports to the Claims Department with assistance from the Shift Manager.
Notify management of any situation that needs attention.
Performs other duties as assigned or when necessary. Including but not limited to; assisting with incoming customer calls and acting in the capacity of a customer service associate additional duties and tasks as assigned.
At times you may:
May be asked by management to complete small cleaning or maintenance tasks according to the company’s maintenance checklists.
Other duties as assigned by the Project Manager.
What you'll gain in return:
A competitive compensation package that includes an annual performance-based incentive plan
401k Plan
Profit sharing
Paid time-off
Employee loan program
Health and Welfare benefits
Free Parking while you work!
 A high school degree is required.
 Ability to read and comprehend verbal instructions and written correspondence.
 Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and through written correspondence.
 Ability to maintain a professional and friendly demeanor when working with other employees and the parking customer.
 Ability to provide customer resolution in a professional and friendly manner.
If you are knowledgeable about the following it's a plus:
 Background in the service industry is desired 1-2 years of experience.
 Ability to perform basic math calculations.
Know how you are performing:
This position will receive an annual performance review from the direct supervisor to discuss actual performance as compared to company stated expectations and agreed upon job related performance goals for the upcoming year.
The environment you will work in:
The physical demands of this position and the work environment characteristics described below are representative of those that must be met, with or without reasonable accommodations, by an employee to perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential job functions.
Physical Demands: as part of performing the duties associated with this position, the employee will be required to stand, walk, sit, use hands-to-fingers, handle tools or controls, reach with hands or arms, talk and hear.
Work Environment: While performing the duties of this position, the employee may be subjected to weather conditions prevalent at the time. The employee is regularly exposed to fumes and airborne particles. The noise level in this work environment can range from minimal to moderate.
Who you will interact with:
This position will have contact with location management, corporate office employees, peers and field employees.
This position will have regular contact with customers, vendors and property management/client contact."	11322	Washington
IT Project Coordinator	Client Software Services	Gaithersburg, MD 20877	None	"CSS is looking for a skilled Project Coordinator to support our Project at our Gaithersburg, MD location.
Due to the nature of the position , No Visa Sponsorship is provided.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer. No C2C.
Responsibilities Include:
 Provide technical assistance to management and Technical Project Managers in request management, project prioritization, resource allocation, and regular portfolio reviews.
 Research, collect and evaluate project data necessary to meet project reporting and evaluation requirements.
 Design and develop the configurations to be deployed on systems using the approved solution assessment to meet customer requirements.
 Provide technical assistance to management and Technical Project Managers in the creation of project concept and project charter documents.
 Develop, maintain, update, and oversee project plans and schedules using tools established by agency and division.
 Identify and document project issues and risks in information technology (IT) project plans and escalate to senior management.
 Maintain project issue and risk process and/or defect logs.
 Monitor and maintain the project communication plan and process, project performance, report status, and facilitate the creation of action plans to promote adherence to

 IT project schedules.
 Use state standard system methods in maintenance, development, enhancement, and deployment of information technology systems.
 Provide project plan trend analysis and control including analysis, research, development and maintenance of the project data.
 Maintain awareness of emerging technologies and project management techniques.
 Provide recommendations for improvement of project management processes currently in use and performs related work as assigned.
Requires a minimum of Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Technology, and Engineering, Software or a related field with 1 year of relevant work experience.
If you are comfortable with the above requirement, please send us your updated resumes to hr@clientsoftwareservices.com"	11322	Washington
IT SPECIALIST (PROJMGT)	US Defense Information Systems Agency	Fort Meade, MD	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is being recruited under 10 USC 1599f into the Cyber Excepted Service and does NOT convey eligibility to be converted to the Competitive Service. It has been identified as a position necessary to carry out and support the mission of the US Cyber Command.


It is in the Professional Work Category at the Full Performance Work Level within the CES Occupational Structure. It is located in the DISA OC/4ENO Directorate (FE-242).
Responsibilities
Identifying and managing requirements including developing a requirements traceability matrix for each software release.
Developing, implementing, and managing project plans, coordinating and integrating project activities, and managing project resources.
Participating in project reviews identifying actual or potential problem areas, risks, trends, and accomplishments, and taking corrective actions.
Supporting Technical COR to review/approve technical deliverables/documents.
Conducting evaluations of systems, components, projects, or programs to determine future expenditures.
Planning, organizing, directing, and conducting studies, analyses, and evaluations of various plans, programs, projects, and networks.
Providing technical advice and guidance to managers, technical specialists, networking systems planning, acquisition personnel, and user organizations.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. Citizen.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service.
This national security position, which may require access to classified information, requires a favorable suitability review and security clearance as a condition of employment. Failure to maintain security eligibility may result in termination.
Drug testing position.
This is a Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act position.
Qualifications
In order to qualify for this position, you must meet the requirements described below.

Basic Requirements:
Applicants must demonstrate on their resume that they have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below.

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

OR

Meet the education detailed in the qualification standards.

Qualifying Experience:

To qualify at the GG-12, your resume must describe at least one year of experience that demonstrates the competencies necessary for immediate success in the position. Experience refers to any paid or unpaid experience, including volunteer work and Military service, that would be considered equivalent to work normally performed at the next lower grade level in the federal service. For this position, qualifying experience is defined as: experience with project management, Microsoft Office, ITILv3, and/or Service/System Design Lifecycle (SDLC) best practices.

Candidates must describe how they meet the qualifying experience and/or selective placement factor(s) within the body of their resume. All qualifications must be met within 30 days after the closing date of this announcement.
Education
There is no substitution of education for the qualifying experienceat the GG-12 grade level.
Additional information
This position is in the Excepted Service and does NOT convey eligibility to be converted to the Competitive Service. It is being recruited under 10 U.S.C. 1599f into the Cyber Excepted Service (CES) personnel system.
If you are a current Federal Career/Career-Conditional employee, you will be placed on an Excepted appointment.
This appointment does not confer eligibility to be non-competitively converted to an appointment in the competitive service.
A three year trial period may be required if you have not previously completed a trial or probationary period in the excepted or competitive service.
Telework availability will be based upon the mission requirements and supervisory determination
Individuals tentatively selected for drug testing designated positions at the Defense Information Systems Agency will be required to submit to urinalysis for illegal drugs prior to appointment or placement.
We may use this announcement to fill additional vacancies within 90 days of the closing date.
Moving costs MAY be paid.
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 makes certain reimbursements/payments taxable. For information on these changes and the Relocation Income Tax Allowance (RITA), for which some appointees are eligible, click here.
Recruitment, relocation, or retention incentives MAY be authorized.
This is a DISA acquisition workforce DAWIA position in the Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics (AT&L). Selectee must be Level II certified (or eligible for certification within 24 months of appointment) in the Program Management career field.
DAWIA certification is a condition of employment. Failure to fulfill the certification requirement may lead to a non-disciplinary adverse action, which can include dismissal.
Employee is subject to recall or call back during off-shift hours, 7 days a week, 24 hours a day, if required by upper management.
The Department of Defense (DoD) policy on employment of annuitants issued March 18, 2004 will be used in determining eligibility of annuitants. It applies to former Federal civilian employees receiving a retirement annuity from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund that are hired within the DoD on or after November 24, 2003. The policy also applies to annuitants (appointed in DoD on/or after November 24, 2003) who move from one position to another within DoD through voluntary reassignment, promotion, change to lower grade or transfer between military departments. Please see this policy here.
Because this position is in the Cyber Excepted Service, Veterans' Preference will be applied to preference eligible candidates, as defined by Section 2108 of the Title 5 U.S.C. in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 3005, ""CES Employment and Placement."" If you are a veteran claiming veteran's preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you must submit documents verifying your eligibility with your application package.
For more information on the Cyber Excepted Service Personnel System, click here.
For more information on veterans' preference, click here.
For more information regarding qualifications requirements, click here.
If you are unable to apply online, view the following link for information regarding Alternate Application.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the application process is complete, a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be made and compared against your responses to the applicant questionnaire to determine if you are qualified for this job. If, after reviewing your resume and or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating.

You can preview the Questionnaire here:https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11145031

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Top Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Critical-Sensitive (CS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents

FOR THIS JOB ANNOUNCEMENT THE FOLLOWING SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS ARE REQUIRED AS THEY APPLY STATED BELOW AND MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE CLOSE OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT. NOT ALL DOCUMENTS WILL APPLY TO EVERYONE.

SF-50 - (if applicable) Notification of Personnel Action for current or former federal employees- All applicants, including current agency employees, must provide your most recent SF50 or the SF50 reflecting Career/Career-Conditional tenure and the highest grade held on a permanent basis.
Veterans Preference Documentation (if applicable): Candidates claiming Veterans Preference must submit a DD-214 (Member Copy 4), or, if you are CURRENTLY serving on active duty, a statement of service from your unit which states the date you entered on active duty, the date you are separating, and the campaign medals you have received. For those supplying the statement of service, preference will be verified by a DD-214 (Member Copy 4) upon separation from the military. Veterans with a service-connected disability must also submit a VA letter dated 1991 or later. DoD Components with CES positions apply Veterans' Preference to preference eligible candidates, as defined by Section 2108 of the Title 5 U.S.C. in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 3005, ""CES Employment and Placement.""
Military Spouse Preference (if applicable): Spousal Permanent Change of Station (PCS) orders, marriage certificate/license, and a MILITARY SPOUSE PPP SELF-CERTIFICATION CHECKLIST are required to claim Military Spouse Preference. The Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist can be found here: Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist .


Your complete Application Package (containing the above required documents) must be received no later than 11:59 pm Eastern Time on 06/22/2021.

WARNING: Failure to submit a complete application package including any required documentation by 11:59 PM (EST) on 06/22/2021, or at the time of application for announcements with an extended closing date, may result in an ineligible rating and loss of consideration. To verify that your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select Application Status and More Information. The Details page will display the status of your application. It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered, uploaded is received, legible and accurate. HR will not modify answers submitted by an applicant.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
Open to all U.S. citizens."	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager	Binary Blue	Rockville, MD	None	"IT Project Manager Share
Job Tracking ID : 513064-760054
Job Level : Management
Level of Education : BA/BS
Job Type : Full-Time/Regular
Date Updated : 02/18/2021
Years of Experience : 5 - 7 Years
Starting Date : 04/01/2021
Job Description

Binary Blue is seeking a Project Manager to support our client’s initiative with Enterprise Permitting Solution, automation, and documentation efforts. Binary Blue team will report directly to the Chief of Information Technology Services.

Responsible for ensuring work performed under Task Order is within scope, consistent with requirements, and delivered on-time and on budget. Identifies critical paths, task, dates, testing and acceptance criteria. Monitor issues and provides resolutions for weekly senior management status reports.

This position also requires the ability to quickly learn new applications, processes, and system-based steps in order to effectively present project dashboards/materials in a clear format according to user role(s). Further, candidate will partner with the Change Manager, Change Management staff and other business partners to develop and facilitate project meetings.

Candidate will be responsible for, but not limited to, the following:

IT Project Management and understanding of business and technical objectives
Manage project scope, creates and implement communication plans
Communicate to client/vendors, stakeholder, system owner and project sponsor
Establishes project plan, creates project charter, work plan, schedule and milestone
You will be working alongside with our client to facilitate knowledge transfer.
Create visually clear and impactful project documentation
Collaborate with functional subject matter experts to design strategic communications, internal marketing, and training materials
Manage stakeholder expectations and encourage positive behaviors in response to operational and organizational change
Manage multiple priorities simultaneously; Deliver high quality, thoughtful Change Management products with little guidance and within short time frames
Assess operational and organizations needs through interviews, surveys, and focus groups to identify gaps and align related strategic initiatives to the County Executives’ objectives and mission
Develop organizational metrics to baseline and measure success over time in conjunction with stakeholders
Establish strong and credible relationship with management and employees to successfully build trust, collaboration and integrity
Demonstrate experience and knowledge of principles, practices, and systems of organizational design, change management, and organizational development
Experience and Skills

At least 5 years of demonstrated project management experience at State or Federal agencies

Ability to work independently and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment with multiple and changing priorities.
Strong communication skills at all levels of management
Demonstrated consensus/coalition building with stakeholders, management, and employees at all levels in the organization
Experience in developing and designing training curriculum, job aides, training material utilizing multimedia tools such as Adobe Captivate, Camtasia, Word, PowerPoint, and other web-based tools

Additionally, to be successful the candidate(s) will:
Work well in a changing environment and maintain a strong positive perspective
Display a strong organizational commitment and interpersonal skills
Display teamwork within a process driven environment
Back to job search"	11322	Washington
Manager, Voting Rights, Civil Rights	Facebook	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	None	"At Facebook, we have a responsibility to everyone who uses our services to amplify the good and mitigate the harm – to make sure that people are safe on Facebook. Technology plays an enormous role in nearly every part of our lives, and it is important that it be used to overcome the historic discrimination which so many underrepresented groups have faced, rather than to exacerbate it. As a member of Facebook’s new Civil Rights Organization, you will play a key role in supporting Facebook’s ongoing efforts to ensure that significant company decisions are made through a Civil Rights lens. You’ll serve as a pivotal team member and a direct resource for many teams across the company. In particular, you’ll help the Civil Rights Organization address threats to voting rights and civic participation, primarily in the United States.The successful candidate will have a strong track record of identifying and addressing civil rights issues and understanding and applying civil rights laws/concepts. Candidates should be accomplished at building and managing relationships with both internal and external subject matter experts and other relevant stakeholders.
Serves as the Voting Rights and Civic Participation expert in the Civil Rights Organization
Helps instill civil rights best practices within the company, and proactively identifies and addresses civil rights issues
Contributes relevant civil rights content to guidance documents and other resources
Leads engagement with external voting rights and democracy experts
Supports other Civil Rights engagements and strategic projects
8+ years of experience in law, policy, advocacy, academia, or other relevant fields, with experience in Voting Rights and Civic Participation
Bachelor's degree
Experience identifying and addressing civil rights issues across protected classes, and/or advocating for civil rights or advancing civil rights claims
Expertise in discrimination concepts, principles, and applications, including both intentional and unintentional discrimination
Experience working inside fast-moving companies/organizations
Communication skills and project management experience
Familiarity with the Company’s July 2020 Civil Rights Audit - Final Report
Advanced degree
Experience with consensus-building
Experience operating independently and executing on both the strategic and operational level
Experience working collaboratively across a wide variety of functions to drive effective outcomes
Experience identifying and addressing civil rights issues in technology products
Experience or expertise understanding the impacts of technology and social media on individuals, communities, and society
Experience working with technical and product teams
Experience working on a new team with ambiguity and changing responsibilities
Experience representing companies externally and internally at the executive level
Experience working in a global organization preferably in the technology industry
Experience working with a broad array of teams to implement success metrics
Experience building a program from inception through implementation through evaluation
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."	11322	Washington
Technical Project Manager	Booz Allen Hamilton	McLean, VA 22102	None	"Key Role:
Build and manage project teams delivering software solutions. Leverage expertise by maintaining responsibility for the project’s plans, financials, and contractual commitments. Work with teams to identify, manage, and escalate risks, provide human leadership, direction, and purpose and ensure the team has what they need to deliver.
Basic Qualifications:
6+ years of experience with leading a project team5+ years of experience with AgileExperience with the federal governmentAbility to leverage expertise in technology, including the design and delivery of software systems, IT system assessments, analysis of alternatives, product selection processes, and technology strategy implementationsAbility to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degreeProject Management Professional (PMP) Certification
Additional Qualifications:
Ability to manage multiple projects and teams, including adjusting to shifting priorities in a fast-paced environmentAbility to deal with a variety of options in complex situationsPossession of excellent problem-solving skills
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	11322	Washington
Assistant, Corporate Relations	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity.

We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community.

Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Assistant will work with the Assistant Manager(s) and Director of Corporate Relations to plan, develop, and implement the solicitation of corporate support for the Kennedy Center, Washington National Opera (WNO), and/or National Symphony Orchestra (NSO).

The Assistant will draft correspondence and sponsorship materials; conduct corporate research; and maintain a large donor database. The Assistant will help provide donor stewardship for all corporate donors falling under their portfolio, ensuring fulfillment of donor benefits by liaising with contributors via phone and email; and maintaining donor contact information.

The Assistant must be able to exercise discretion in order to prioritize assignments and work under significant pressure, as many projects are time sensitive, involving concurrent deadlines and donor interaction. An eagerness to communicate and problem solve with a positive attitude is essential.

Salary: $41,600

Duties and Responsibilities

25% Assist team in maintaining Tessitura database to track solicitations, donor information, deadlines, and benefits usage. Utilize other KC systems to support team wide project management.

20% Provide proactive customer service to current corporate donors within your team’s portfolio. This includes: (a) tracking benefits; (b) interacting via phone and email with new and current donors to ensure that they are aware of the benefits available to them; (c) liaising with production and ticketing staff to manage donor needs; (d) managing signage and recognition approval process between donor and the Kennedy Center’s Marketing and Press Departments; and (e) liaising with marketing department on proper use for corporate logos and other types of recognition.

20% Utilize department tools to support team in efforts to identify, cultivate, and solicit current and prospective donors/sponsors at all levels.

20% Process gifts to KC, WNO, and NSO: write/generate acknowledgement letters, tax receipts and membership cards, assemble copies for files. Aid in creating and reviewing corporate contracts.

15% Utilize department research tools to create research briefings for Kennedy Center senior staff and Board members.

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

Bachelor's degree is preferred. Minimum one year of development or related experience preferred.
Working knowledge of the performing arts is preferred.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Superior organizational, written, and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Careful attention to detail and awareness of standard accounting procedures.
Ability and confidence to work without close supervision, to foresee development needs, and to proactively generate work for this position.
Ability to multitask.
A professional and cordial demeanor, tact, and diplomacy are imperative.
Creativity and excellent communication skills are critical to identifying funding sources, matching their interests to projects, and communicating persuasively, both in person and in writing, the need for funding.
Ability to deftly manage many relationships and personality types; both internally among staff members, and externally among constituents.
Experience with Tessitura is ideal.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Large, vibrant, fast-paced office that values initiative, efficiency, diversity, and teamwork. Office culture encourages professional growth through internal promotion whenever possible. Occasional evening and weekend work required. The noise level in the work environment is moderate. No travel required.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11322	Washington
Program Manager - Digital Services	Ad Hoc Company Website	Washington, DC	None	"This is a remote position.

Ad Hoc is a digital services company that helps the federal government better serve people. Our team of experts from across commercial industry and government brings the modern skills necessary to help agencies transform public services into digital services. Our work enables agencies to meet the needs of their users while closing the gap between consumer expectations and government.

At Ad Hoc, a Program Manager is responsible for keeping programs on timeline, scope, and price. That means everything from high-level project planning such as crafting project milestones, epics, and schedules, to finance projection and reconciliation, to personnel management. You'll ensure that the project has everything it needs to be successful. In this position you will also play a technical role working to sign off on all solutions that are provided to clients.

Requirements

Our Federal contracts require that you be a U.S. Citizen to be eligible for employment.
All work must be conducted within the U.S.
As a contractor to the federal government, all hires may be required to complete additional background screenings at the time of hire or any time thereafter as requested

What You'll Do

Develop strong customer relationships to understand needs, maximize customer satisfaction, and identify new opportunities
Manage team members and finances
Interview and select new team members
Conduct performance reviews
Serve as the final authority on product and technical solutions for clients

What You'll Bring

People Management: demonstrated ability to manage humans.
Systems Management: demonstrated ability to organize people, technology, culture, and operations to drive solutions to significantly complex business problems.
Client Management: demonstrated ability to maximize client satisfaction in a contractual relationship.
Written Technical Expression: demonstrated use of plain language to communicate information that others comprehend.
Strategic Thinking: demonstrated ability to plan programs in ways that benefit the organization over a long term.
Tactical Implementation: demonstrated ability to implement a strategic plan in small, iterative cycles.
Entrepreneurism: Ability to identify and implement opportunities tied to revenue streams.
Financial Management: Ability to accurately forecast profit and loss for a program.
Executive Leadership: Ability to nurture and grow managers.
External Awareness: Remains current on external forces that may impact the organization or tech community.

Benefits

Company-subsidized Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Vanguard 401K Plan
Unlimited Vacation
Continuing Education/Annual Conference Attendance Stipend

Ad Hoc LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, pregnancy, disability, work-related injury, covered veteran status, political ideology, marital status, or any other factor that the law protects from employment discrimination."	11322	Washington
Project Support Manager	ASRC Federal Holding Company	Greenbelt, MD 20771	None	"ASRC Federal AFSS is a premier provider of systems engineering, software engineering, system integration and project management services for real-time, mission-critical defense systems. We are looking for a Project Support Manager to support a NASA Contract project in the Exploration and Space Communications (Code 450) Projects Division. This position is effective October 1, 2021.
Responsibilities:
Provide general business support as required, performing work independently and proactively.
Support Division intranet and lead file management. Ensure access is managed according to best practices and security requirements.
Manage division office space; track room occupancy, work with projects to ensure allocation is adequate and utilized efficiently. Coordinate office moves working with customers and subcontractors to ensure all aspects of the move are handled efficiently. Maintain directory of ESC building occupants. Serve as the division liaison with the Flight Projects Directorate for office space.
Support executives and the division with IT equipment ordering and management, serving as an interface to work with EUSO services and support management.
Property Custodian for division government-furnished equipment. Maintain property passes, transfer and/or excess equipment, periodic inventory of equipment and identify and track non-controlled government equipment.
Prepare and submit requests into NASAs credential Identity and Access Management System (IdMAX) to obtain proper credentials for NASA IT systems and NASA facilities.
Own office management organization for the division to ensure smooth operations and high-level support. Create and maintain Standard Operating Procedures to document step-by-step work instructions for routine business activities relating to job requirements of the position.
Participate in planning division-wide internal engagement activities.
Serves as backup to the Project Support Specialist to manage meetings and reviews including preparation of schedules, agendas and charts, and recording minutes; back-up conference room activities and assist in troubleshooting any meeting/technical issues.
Support projects within the Division in a cross-utilized capacity as needed.
Exemplify proactive customer service and diligence in meeting customer needs.
Proficient with Microsoft Office suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, Teams, and SharePoint).
Excellent writing skills, detail-oriented, and highly organized.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills.
Ability to manage time, attention to detail and meet strict deadlines.
Ability to work independently, as well as with a team in a fast-paced environment.
Individual must meet government NAC and citizenship/permanent residency requirements for access to NASA GSFC. Extensive background investigation will be performed as a requirement of the job.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree with 6 or more years of relevant work experience.
ASRC Federal and its Subsidiaries Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, gender, color, age, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, religion, marital status, ancestry, citizenship, disability, protected veteran status, or any other factor prohibited by applicable law."	11322	Washington
Project Manager	Allegis Global Solutions	Hanover, MD 21076	None	"Company Description
We are founded on a culture that is passionate about transforming the way the world acquires talent by delivering client-focused solutions that make a difference for businesses worldwide. From refining how businesses manage their contingent workforce to strengthening employer brands to recruit top talent, our integrated solutions drive business results.
As an industry leader, we draw upon decades of experience to design innovative tools, products and processes. We develop competitive practices that position organizations for growth and we deliver the insight needed to succeed in today's global marketplace.
As a workplace, we focus on relationships – with each other, our clients and our candidates. In fact serving others is one of our core values. We support open communication and recognize that giving constructive criticism can be even harder than receiving it. We appreciate the fearless and the passionate, who force us to be better. Everything we do sits on a pillar of diversity - diverse perspectives, backgrounds and ideas drive innovation and make us successful.
See what it's like to work at AGS by searching #LifeAtAGS on any social network.

Job Description
The project manager is typically a member of the strategic project office and will be assigned to a AGS level priorities based on expertise and bandwidth. The PM on a project is accountable to and works in conjunction with the Exec Sponsor/Initiative Owner and, where appropriate, partners with the functional leader to define scope, articulate deliverables as outlined on the AGS scorecard. The PM is the primary owner of the project plan for all stated deliverables. The PM will identify and work closely with work stream leads to set the timeline and deliverables and cadence of touchpoints. The PM determines the tasks that must be completed, manages overall project plan execution, and is responsible through recommendation and may be required to assist with change management and implementation
Responsibilities
Clarifies project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and executive stakeholders.
Clarifies project success criteria and disseminates them to stakeholders throughout the project life cycle.
Leads the development and management of the project work plan, including work sequencing, work breakdown structure, work delivery schedule, and resource allocation.
Estimates the resources needed to achieve project goals. e.g. project team members, subject matter experts and technology tools.
Identifies and resolves issues and conflicts within the project team.
Manages the project team and deliverables and advises senior leadership of project status, recommendations, and how and when to course correct.
Adheres to Allegis Product Development Life Cycle and in some cases a version of the Agile methodology for systems development
Adheres to methods, procedures and quality objectives including metrics for assessing progress and provides recommendations on process improvements.
Monitors project milestones and critical dates to identify potential jeopardy of project schedule.
Builds, develops, and grows any business relationships vital to the success of the project.
Communicates risks, needs, and status to stakeholders.
Serves as a consultant to business partners on effective project management practices and tools.

Qualifications

Ability to think critically and solve problems
Exceptional interpersonal skills; the ability to work well with people from many different disciplines
Ability to develop consensus amongst diverse groups
Partner and advise senior leadership
Strong planning experience and project management certification preferred
Strong presentation and written communication skills
Knowledge of organizational change management principles
Knowledge of customer service fundamentals
Proven track record of managing projects; Awareness of PMBOK and effective application of project management methodologies (desired)
5+ years project management experience or equivalent business management experience (desired)
3 years of Allegis Group company experience (desired)
Education :
Bachelor's degree preferred
Additional Information
AGS is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer (M/F/Disability/Veterans). We will consider all applications without regard to race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law.
If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to disability, please call 844-604-7059 or email accomodation@allegisglobalsolutions.com."	11322	Washington
IT Manager	Champions Oncology Inc.	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"About us
Champions Oncology provides an end-to-end range of oncology research and development solutions and services that improve the productivity of drug development. As a growing Contract Research Organization (CRO), our work environment is fast-paced, challenging and ever adapting to meet the needs and timelines of our pharmaceutical-clients. Our team is passionate and self-motivated working together to accelerate the challenges of oncology drug development and ultimately improve patients’ lives around the world.
Job classification and Location: Full-time (exempt) in Rockville, MD
Job Overview
The IT Manager will work closely with the Engineering Director and other stakeholders to define, develop, and implement practices to drive the adoption of a world-class IT culture at Champions. The IT Manager will also assist with our compliance efforts and be responsible for the day-to-day delivery of IT services at Champions. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to;
Oversee day-to-day global IT operations and supervise systems and staff
Work closely with QA to develop IT-related policies and SOPs
Ensure business continuity and security by monitoring systems and services
Lead continuous process improvement
Manage vendor relationships
Provide guidance and training to staff
Qualifications and Skills:
Master’s of Science in Information Technology or related degree desired.
10+ years of IT experience.
3+ years of experience managing IT teams and overseeing IT-related projects
Excellent understanding of IT best practices, computer systems, security, compliance, network and systems administration, data storage systems, and telecommunications
Excellent communication skills
Strong knowledge of project management principles
Experience with SOC 2 or similar compliance
Physical demands and work environment
Must be able to sit and use hands to finger, handle and feel.
Must be able to lift and move packages weighing up to 50 pounds.
Must be able to sit for long periods of time using a computer in a typical office environment in a multi-level facility
Some activities require repetitive motion and reaching, pulling or pushing.
In carrying out the duties of the job there will be frequent exposure to fumes and chemical hazards.
Duties performed routinely require exposure to blood, body fluid and tissue.
This job description may be changed to include new responsibilities and tasks or change existing ones as management deems necessary.
Champions Oncology is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees."	11322	Washington
Help Desk Specialist	Earth Resources Technology, Inc	College Park, MD	None	"Background
The mission of the National Weather Service (NWS), an agency within the Department of Commerce's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), is to provide weather, water and climate forecasts and warnings for the United States, its territories, and its adjacent waters and oceans to protect life and property and to enhance the national economy. The Weather and Climate Infrastructure Services (WCCIS) contract supports the NWS's Central Processing and Information Dissemination portfolios. The contract is managed by the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) Central Operations (NCO).

WCCIS supports NCO's mission which is to deliver national and global weather, water, climate and space weather guidance, forecasts, warnings and analyses to a broad range of users and partners. These products and services respond to user needs to protect life and property, enhance the nation's economy, and support the nation's growing need for environmental information.

Position Description
Will work with applicable Project Manager to address tickets that have the potential to negativity impact an SLA. Will process requests for ticket transfer, escalation, or re-assignment. Monitor helpdesk for ticket compliance to SLA. Monitor resource availability and workload balance. Compile weekly and ad-hoc metrics and reporting. Actively monitor helpdesk for un-assigned tickets:

Categorize tickets to applicable team
Ensure appropriate contact distribution (cc - list) is applied
Assign to technicians

Required Skills

Excellent communication skills both written and oral.
Experience with spreadsheets and word processing software (such as Microsoft Word, Google Docs).
Experience working in a Help Desk/Ticket-based environment.
Organized and detail-oriented person who can manage a queue of tickets from the beginning to the end.
Ability to follow a process for twice daily intake of new tickets with very few errors - it's an export from the ticket system into a spreadsheet.
Ability to cover the phone and have an excellent phone manner.
Keep the Help Desk manager informed of day's events.
Ability to find someone to cover phones if they are away; a very conscientious person.
Ability to multi-task.
Does not have be overly technical, but if the person has some knowledge of IT terminology, a plus.
Experience with gathering statistics and reporting out a plus.
Assist the Help Desk manager prepare for the weekly ticket briefing to the NCO leadership - they must make sure the spreadsheet info is updated, formatted properly and consistently, etc.

Desired

Specific experience managing Help Desk queues in a Ticket Management System.
Experience reporting on metrics.
Experience documenting procedures and policies.
Experience with Service Now.

Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident and be able to pass a background investigation to obtain a security badge to enter the applicable government facility.

Education
High School diploma, related discipline, or equivalent."	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager	Peraton	Washington, DC	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law.

As a government contractor, Peraton abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).

Qualifications

DESIRED

15 years of experience in IT Service Delivery. Help/Service Desk management experience a plus.
IT Project Management experience. PMP certification preferred.
10 years of experience in management of broad based IT programs.
5 years of experience supporting programs of similar scale and magnitude using current technologies.
Strong customer service background, in particular interacting with executive level clients.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Demonstrated ability operating in a high-tempo, high-stress environment.
Bachelor's Degree. Masters degree preferred.
REQUIRED

Local to the DC metro area with ability to commute to U.S. Capitol daily.
Must be a US Citizen.
Military background a plus!
Responsibilities

Seeking an experienced and accomplished IT Project Manager to support the Senior Program Manager by leading the planning, organizing, coordinating, integrating, and executing of all tasks and requirements within the contract(s) and task order(s) in Washington D.C. This candidate will s upport the Program Manager by serving as Peratons primary point of contact for the SAA COR (Committee on Rules) team representatives.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Provides program oversight/management as necessary to track, manage, and report on the cost, schedule, and performance status of the contract to both the customer and to Peraton leadership.
Assists with oversight and management of personnel and all subcontractors required to execute all requirements during the Period of Performance, to include all exercised CLINs.
Participates in and coordinates/approves meetings, and communications.
Participate in strategies to develop and nurture consensus and working relationships with technical and program teams, both internal and customer-facing.
Assist with the oversight of other Managers as required to deliver on Program services.
Grow revenue through strong customer relationships, delivery excellence, and innovation recommendations."	11322	Washington
Retail Associate	WASHINGTON NATIONALS	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Summary:
The Retail Sales Associate delivers an exceptional fan experience at Nationals Park by achieving goals related to sales, customer service, inventory maintenance, merchandising and loss prevention.
The Nationals are a military-friendly organization actively recruiting veterans and spouses.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Sell merchandise to fans and customers utilizing Point of Sale (POS) registers.
Adhere to strict cashier policies and procedures.
Achieve sales productivity and incentive goals.
Provide outstanding Guest Experiences customer service.
Accurately check-in and process new merchandise (count, hang, ticket, organize, etc.).
Merchandise products in a professional and organized manner.
Process markdowns and ticket products as directed.
Accurately sign and identify products being displayed and sold.
Participate in physical inventories and periodic cycle counts.
Accurately account for documents and various media in an organized manner.
Maintain daily detailed communications with team leader.
Execute internal product transfers as directed.
Accurately maintain retail supply and signage inventories.
Organize and preserve retail fixture inventories.
Participate in set-up and tear-down of fixtures and stands for events and games.
Maintain a clean and organized selling location.
Provide assistance and training for other team members when needed.
Assist the Stand Supervisors or General Manager with coordination and execution of special projects as directed.
Assure protection of company assets while adhering to corporate retail loss prevention policies and procedures.
Perform other duties as assigned.
REQUIREMENTS:
Minimum Education and Experience Requirements:
High School Diploma/equivalent or equivalent military experience
At least two years of retail sales experience. Preferred in a sports and entertainment concession environment.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities necessary to perform essential functions
Must be able to work 80% of the game days and events at Nationals Park during the season.
Detail oriented with strong organizational skills.
Positive attitude and strong work ethic is a must.
Excellent Communication Skills.
Ability to work independently and responsibly in a fast paced environment.
Computer knowledge and/or experience including but not limited to retail point of sale registers.
Ability to work flexible and/or extended hours based upon business needs.
Uphold Core Values: Excellence, Performance, and Accountability. These core values set the tone in everything we do, help us succeed on and off the field, make a difference in the community and provide the best guest experience in sports. It is important that the person in the position commits themselves to these core values so that we can constantly move forward in the same direction – Together
Physical/Environmental Requirements
Job requires employee to function in a high activity and heavily crowded outdoor professional sports venue. May work at heights. Employee will be exposed to inclement weather of varying degrees. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand for long periods of time, walk long distances, and climb up/down stairs. The employee is required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or sit and must lift and/or move up to 45 pounds
Education
Preferred
High School or better in ACCOUNTANT"	11322	Washington
Project Scheduler	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Project Scheduler (Job Number: 050744)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking an Associate to join its Operations Transformation service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES:

Primary Responsibilities:
Work with multiple project teams to capture, communicate and coordinate schedules of various concurrent initiatives and projects.
Capture project risks, potential for delays, and identify critical path activities to support management oversight of important projects/initiatives
Gathers and analyzes quantitative and qualitative data; identifies relationships, sensitivities, and trends; and develops insights and recommendations based on findings.
Work with users to define concepts and clarify requirements under the direction of project managers.
Contribute to project plans.
Secondary Responsibilities:
Provide means to track/report on schedule and progress on selected projects in the HRM portfolio
Provide logistical support and note-taking tasks in meetings
Conduct research and fact-finding on an ad-hoc basis
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.

Required Capabilities: Business Process Re-engineering
Required Skills: Requirements Elicitation
Required Technologies: Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Project

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.

Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.

Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	11322	Washington
Project Manager	ANALYGENCE, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	Company DescriptionANALYGENCE, Inc. (ANALYGENCE) is a Disadvantaged, Veteran-Owned professional services small business established in 2010 on the principle of providing our customers with results driven professionals that understand the dynamic customer environment and can be relied upon to help them achieve their objectives. ANALYGENCE works with customers to develop and execute innovative strategies to improve processes and achieve customer goals. Our people are service-oriented professionals with varying military, government and industry backgrounds, who understand the level of commitment and flexibility it takes to progress customers forward in a dynamic work environment. We cater to the specific needs of each individual customer to help them lay out a path for success.Job DescriptionANALYGENCE is searching for a Project Manager to join our team supporting DHS CISA SETA.Initiate the project and get the team in place to fulfill client goals.Create and implement project plans.Set up a regular reporting cadence for government stakeholders.Work with team and government leads to establish project processes and procedures.Establish rapport with various stakeholders on the project.Work with government leads to support project goals, strategies, and milestones.QualificationsMust have current TS/SCI eligibilityMaster’s degree (MBA, MS, or the like)20+ years’ experience in government services, 15+ years of which supporting DHS as a Federal employee or contractor, and at least 2 years of experience directly supporting the NRMCProject Management Professional (PMP) certificationExcellent communication and team building skills; ability to juggle competing priorities and timelines; skilled in long- and short-term planningAdditional InformationANALYGENCE, Inc. is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decision without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.Job Type: Full-time	11322	Washington
Program Manager, Social Impact Civic Alliances	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity.

We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community.

Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Program Manager is responsible for engagement and management of a diverse group of stakeholder and civic/community collaborators ensuring that all are included, appreciated, and valued. The Program Manager will center anti-racist practices in project management and in the approach to key project tasks that pertain to establishing and maintaining concerted creative efforts to leverage the arts for non-arts outcomes with historically underrepresented or historically marginalized communities across the region.

Duties and Responsibilities

50% Responsible for building and maintaining civic alliances across the region

Design community driven programs that are engaging, inclusive, and participatory based on the vision set forth by the VP and Artistic Director of Social Impact which allow marginalized voices and perspectives to be heard
Manage relationships and communication with external stakeholders and civic/community collaborators
Develop plans of action with external stakeholders ensuring that they are valued and empowered
Ensure primacy of stakeholder and civic/community collaborators’ goals and desires in influencing and/or co-curating programs
Coordinate across the Center to ensure agreed upon stakeholder and civic/community collaborators’ goals are met

35% Responsible for project management, key project tasks, and office work-flow

Create project timelines for Social Impact programs that integrate cross-matrix functionality with other teams in the Programming division and across the Center
Confer with Campus Planning to effectively communicate programing goals and ensure that appropriate reservations and holds are placed on Center and REACH venues
When required, work with Marketing and Box Office to create ticket set-ups for programs
Attend inter-departmental meetings as a Social Impact representative in order to advance the Center’s Social Impact priorities and objectives

10% Responsible for program budget management, revisions, tracking, and reporting

Consult with Director of Social Impact to develop seasonal program budgets based on the vision set forth by the VP and Artistic Director of Social Impact
Consult with Director of Social Impact to revise program budgets throughout the season pro forma process
Track and maintain program budgets throughout the season and conduct regular budget re-projections
Consult with Social Impact team as needed to provide Finance and Development with financial information for grant reporting

5% Responsible for coordination of administrative staff

Responsible for coordinating hiring process, including training and onboarding of interns, fellows and new staff

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

3-5 years’ experience in arts management or administration and community engagement, specifically in the performing arts.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Demonstrated strength in community building.
Demonstrated ability to develop trust and rapport with diverse communities.
A working understanding of local political and social history.
An awareness of the appropriate manner to address sensitive issues when inviting engaged participation.
Understanding of budgeting and finance expenses related to the performing arts.
Background in finance and basic accounts payable procedures.
Adept knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Occasional lifting and moving of office supplies and artist hospitality needs weighing as much as 40 lbs. Must be able to work occasional nights and weekends and work beyond 40 hours/week as needed. Will participate in coverage of Millennium Stage shows as needed.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is normal, except that volume may be loud during performances.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11322	Washington
NOC Operations Manager	NPR	Washington, DC (NoMa area)	None	"OVERVIEW


A thriving, mission-driven multimedia organization, NPR produces award-winning news, information, and music programming in partnership with hundreds of independent public radio stations across the nation. The NPR audience values information, creativity, curiosity, and social responsibility – and our employees do too. We are innovators and leaders in diverse fields, from journalism and digital media to IT and development. Every day, our employees and member stations touch the lives of millions worldwide.


Across our organization, we’re building a workplace where collaboration is essential, diverse voices are heard, and inclusion is the key to our success.


Manages technical operation of the 24/7/365 satellite systems and Network Operations Center (NOC) for daily content distribution and help desk functions. Responsible for ensuring uninterrupted system operations and successful implementation of any required fixes and/or enhancements. This position will support operations by assisting with system and process improvements, change implementation and NOC Technicians training. Responsible for employee scheduling and assigning tasks and setting goals for the operations staff.


RESPONSIBILITIES


Manages daily technical operations of Satellite and NOC Systems, ensuring uninterrupted system operations in support of users / customers, as well as ongoing customer support via help desk. Maintains working knowledge of all technical aspects of NOC operations and systems including but not limited to: satellite uplinks, RF transmission systems, stream and file delivery systems, and telecommunication networks
Shares responsibility for NOC Technician scheduling in a 24x7x365 newsroom environment; responds to leave requests, last minute breaking news events, and staffing emergencies, provides regular feedback, and conducts performance reviews
Regularly embeds with NOC staff to evaluate workflow and training; provides feedback, recommends and advocates for system improvements, and provides gap analysis
Develops and oversees the implementation of operating policies and procedures and related performance metrics for the Operations unit. Adapts procedures as required to reflect ongoing evolution of technology platforms and associated features and functions
Identifies and resolves problems that may impact Public Radio Satellite Systems (PRSS) daily operations and/or project delivery by monitoring system performance. Able to escalate important issues to the attention of Operations Director
Represents NOC/Operations to internal stakeholders and outside partners
Hires, onboards, and trains new staff on processes, procedures and/or operational systems
Cultivate and support an inclusive and equitable workplace culture
Supervises 5+ union staff in full compliance with NPR/NABET collective bargaining agreement. Up to and including; preparing their regular performance reviews, and making effective recommendations regarding any hiring, promotion, and discipline for these positions
Responds to critical equipment issues, as part of an On-Call rotation (24x7x365 basis)


QUALIFICATIONS

Five plus years experience in a technical management or technical supervisory position required, including experience in supervising staff, managing multiple priorities, and budget administration. Experience in Union environment highly desirable
Demonstrated hands-on systems operations / management experience in a network operations setting
Highly experienced in the design and operation of real-time command and control applications
Three to five years experience in direct (first-level) user support of advanced network applications and topologies

REQUIRED SKILLS

Demonstrable history of effective staff leadership, development, and delegation
Experience with monitoring and operating 24X7, mission critical, broadcast-centric Internet applications, corporate intranets, and/or other custom applications
Experience with the operational environment of broadcast network and radio stations in the US strongly preferred. Public radio or broadcasting experience a plus
Ability to effectively communicate to department management and business sponsors the status of projects and issues as they relate to the development process
Familiarity with emerging standards of computer audio storage and transmission
Demonstrated ability to communicate well with others on technical and managerial subjects in both written and oral form
Ability to identify goals, set priorities, and meet objectives with a minimum of supervision is required
Ability to work independently, multitask, prioritize, and thrive in a 24x7 deadline driven environment
Excellent communication skills (written, oral, documentation creation, etc.)
Adept at identifying and solving complex technical and operational problems with poise and expertise
Willingness to work off-hours and weekends as needed to support NPR’s programs and departmental staff; Also ability to take part of an On-Call rotation (24x7x365 basis).
Customer service focused mentality


PREFERRED SKILLS
Knowledge of operating systems (Windows 10; UNIX) and development languages desirable (Java)
Experience with automated broadcast playout systems
Ability to automate manual processes via scripts
Understanding of popular workflow tools and ticketing systems


Want more NPR? Explore the stories behind the stories on our NPR Extra blog. Get social with NPR Extra on Facebook and following @NPRExtra and #NPRLife on Twitter and Instagram. Find more career opportunities at NPR.org/careers and on Twitter at @NPRJobs.

NPR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. NPR is committed to being an inclusive workplace that welcomes diverse and unique perspectives, all working toward the same goal – to create a more informed public. Qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, national origin, ancestry, age, religion, religious belief, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, lactation, and reproductive health decisions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, transgender status, gender non-conforming status, intersex status, sexual stereotypes, nationality, citizenship status, personal appearance, marital status, family status, family responsibilities, military status, veteran status, mental and physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, genetic characteristics of yourself or a family member, political views and affiliation, unemployment status, protective order status, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other basis prohibited under applicable law."	11322	Washington
Project Manager - Information Technology (IT)	Kikiktagruk Inupiat Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Title: Project Manager - Information Technology (IT)
Location: Washington, DC
FLSA Status: Exempt
Position Summary:
The Project Manager will provide Project Management Technical Support Services to the OWCP Division of Administration and Operations Branch of Medical Standards and Rehabilitation (BMSR). The Project Manager provides coordination of projects related to medical claims and claims processing systems.
Duties/Responsibilities:
Provides IT project management (PM) support technical PMO to the DAO Branch of Medical Standards and Operations (BMSO).
Leads assigned BMSO projects, coordinating and overseeing all aspects through completion, including creating technical IT analyses and related documentation, process flows, review of Contractor-submitted technical deliverables, and recommendations to the OWCP PMO regarding solutions to technical issues.
Establishes deadlines for assigned projects, sets tasks, and monitors and summarizes progress through interfacing with all BMSO and PMO resources.
Support the Workers' Compensation Medical Bill Processing (WCMBP) contract Project Manager and BMSO PMO with schedule management, make recommendations and advise the WCMBP Project Manager and BMSO PMO of all management, planning, and technical issues, make recommendations to streamline procedures, and identify potential risks and possible mitigations.
Prepares project status reports for DAO management upon request
Minimum Requirements:
Must have at least 7 years' experience with workers' compensation bill processing or a related field.
BS degree in Information Systems, Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, or similar technical disciplines.
Project management experience of at least 8 years on managing large and complex IT modernization and migration projects, specifically large software/system development.
Working knowledge and/or experience in medical billing work is preferred.
Experience and demonstrated ability of working concurrently with multiple internal and external business and IT stakeholder groups both Government and Contractor
Demonstrated working experience with and of a range of software development life cycles and technologies.
Demonstrated experience successfully managing concurrent priority tasks/projects and have the ability to ""hit the ground running"".
Must be a self-starter with a delivery-focused mentality and strong work ethic.
Demonstrated experience in facilitating business and technical requirements sessions.
Demonstrated experience with analyzing, defining, documenting business and system requirements.
Demonstrated ability to think outside of the box and possesses creative problem solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to communicate with front line through executives
Well versed in managing large IT projects involving multiple external and internal integration and dependency points.
Apply online at our website: https://kikiktagruk.applicantpool.com/
Disclaimer: This is not to be an exclusive list of all responsibilities', duties, and skills required of the person in this job. KIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KIC considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, family responsibility, marital status, sexual orientation, political affiliation, veteran's status or any other legal protected status. Pursuant to The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act 43 U.S.C. Sec. 1601 et seq., and federal contractual requirements, Kikiktagruk Inupiat Corporation, may legally grant certain preference in employment opportunities to KIC Shareholders and their Descendants. EOE/AA/M/F/D/V. Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here. Successful candidate must pass, comply and adhere to KIC's Drug and Alcohol policy/testing requirements and pass a thorough background check including fingerprinting."	11322	Washington
FACILITIES MAINTENANCE SECTION MANAGER	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA 22201 (Clarendon-Courthouse area)	$103,584 - $158,142 a year	"Position Information
NOTE: This is a re-opening to expand the pool of qualified candidates. If you have already applied for this position, there is no need to re-apply unless you wish to update your application.

The Facilities Maintenance Section within the Department of Environmental Services (DES) is seeking a Facilities Maintenance Section Manager to facilitate overall section operation and oversee the 24/7 building & equipment operation, maintenance, repair and minor construction of all County Government facilities. This includes managing the ongoing operation of buildings and building systems for eighty-seven (87) facilities, which includes office buildings, fire stations, recreation centers, historic buildings, detention facilities, courts-police building, libraries, and more.

Specific duties:
Manages oversight and evaluation of facility maintenance programs and operations; implements long and short-term program goals, objectives, procedures, and service standards, and creates and documents specific action plans to accomplish goals;
Manages staffing requirements and supervises staff, formulates program plans, broad work schedules and methods, works with first line supervisors to set priorities and deadlines, and monitor operations and resolve escalated problems that require technical expertise or analysis;
Performs program liaison work to facilitate interaction among staff, other County agencies, work units and contractors including coordinating with construction managers to ensure all systems and equipment installation meet the design intent and needs of the user;
Plans and designs small building rehabilitation/construction projects, such as HVAC system, power generation, back-up power, roof, store front, façade, and window replacements;
Evaluates resource needs (equipment, personnel and budgetary) by inspecting buildings and related equipment and researching and analyzing age, condition, maintenance history and life expectancy data;
Identifies major long-term maintenance, equipment, and systems replacement requirements; establishes goals and arranges for appropriate staffing and materials;
Manages operating budget, analyzes previous and anticipated expenditures, projects new fiscal year section budget and writes justifications, conducts cost analysis studies and initiates orders for new or replacement equipment/staff, ensures expenditures remain within the budget, and reviews/approves invoices for purchased goods;
Manages capital budget expenditures, identifies projects and assists in the development of cost analyses, monitors expenditures through construction, and coordinates operational and budgeting aspects with participating agencies;
Coordinates contract management, cost analysis studies to determine program staff vs contract staff, writes specifications, selection of contractors, estimates repair costs in order to monitor bids and contracts in force, monitors contractor performance, and cost estimate overruns and change order requests and payments;
Coordinates with design and construction groups to determine the impacts of improvements or replacements on infrastructure maintenance to ensure feasibility of future maintenance and operations;
Evaluates the efficiency, effectiveness, and safety of building equipment through the analysis of operational data through regular inspection of distribution lines for steam, water, plumbing, electricity and refrigeration and evaluation of materials and processes used in repair and replacement work; and
Manages safety programs to detect, minimize and control safety hazards and manages the Facilities Maintenance Dispatcher group and the work order system (EAM) to tracks County wide work order request for Facilities Maintenance.

The successful candidate will possess:

Reading comprehension skills to read and interpret technical reports and charts;
Ability to use computer programs and applications to complete work;
Writing skills to compose and edit reports, proposals, procedures, policies, recommendations, etc.;
Management skills to manage staff, contracts, and programs;
Arithmetic skills to add, subtract, multiply, or divide decimals or fractions and calculate percentages;
Problem solving skills to define problems and collect relevant information to recommend policy solutions; and
Extensive knowledge of the building trades and automated building systems.

Selection Criteria

Minimums:
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Architecture, Construction Management, Public Administration or related field; and
3 years of experience leading facilities operations and maintenance activities on buildings and systems, including a variety of complex state-of-the-art equipment.

Substitution: Additional qualifying experience may be substituted for the educational requirement on a year-for-year basis.

Desirables: Preference may be given to candidates with experience or licensure in one or more of the following:

A First-Class Steam Engineer License and/or journeyman HVAC license;
Supervising staff;
Contract Management;
Managing Operation Budget;
Coordinating and tracking maintenance and repair projects;
Knowledge of engineering principles, construction and design, BOCA Codes and/or NEPA requirements;
Working in a local government and/or urban environment.

Special Requirements

A pre-employment criminal records check will be conducted. It may include checks of the following: criminal record, driving record, education, professional licensure, and credit history. You may be required to sign a release authorizing the County to obtain your background information.

The applicant must possess, or obtain and confirm by the time of appointment, a valid Driver License, or the applicant must have the ability and willingness to use alternative methods of transportation to perform assigned duties and responsibilities at locations other than the primary worksite. Any offer of employment is contingent upon a favorable review of the applicant's driving record.

Completion of the Commonwealth of Virginia Statement of Economic Interest (Financial Disclosure) form will be required of the successful candidate upon hire and annually thereafter.
Additional Information

Work hours: Monday- Friday, 7:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. with flexibility. Must be available after hours and during emergencies.

Each section of the application must be completed. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Incomplete applications will be rejected."	11322	Washington
AFMRA Program/Project Manager	Serco North America	Herndon, VA 20170	None	"Position Description:

If you love high profile and challenging projects supporting the USAF Medical Readiness Agency- Serco has a great opportunity for you! This Program/Project Manager will be leading a dynamic team, providing professional and administrative support services to AFMRA HQ and Medical Treatment Facilities throughout the AF. Bring your expertise and collaborative skills to make positive impact for our military health and wellness for our Air Force Personnel.
The US Air Force Medical Readiness Agency (AFMRA) is laser focused on operational medical readiness and provides a more ready fighting force. The organization oversees medical readiness programs, expeditionary medical capabilities, and readiness-related Air Force mission support requirements. It also assists the AF Surgeon General in developing the policies to support Air Force major commands and base-level unit missions worldwide.
As the Program/Project Manager you will be leading a dynamic team that works closely with AFMRA leadership and Air Force Medical Treatment Facilities teams to deliver top notch leadership to the USAF medical community throughout the Continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii, Guam and Puerto Rico.
In this role, you will be providing day-to-day operational support in a high operational tempo environment; be the Subject Matter Expert for task management supporting over 400 active duty and civilians personnel; prioritize and manage task assignment to your team; facilitate shaping strategic messaging for the AFMRA organization; and manage contract performance.
Qualifications:

To be successful in this role, you will require:
A Bachelor’s degree and 5 years’ experience in health-care related field
10 years’ experience in an AF Medical organization (of which includes 3 years’ experience at a Headquarters/MAJCOM level)
Expert knowledge of AFMS operating principles, organizational structure and design and programs/functions
Minimum of five (5) years’ experience in information management and knowledge management
Must have a valid US Passport?
Must have a DoD Secret Level Clearance
Must be able to travel up to 25% of the time CONUS and OCONUS
Must be able to relocate to the NCR
Must be able to elaborate your DoD Medical Experience to include the Organization and in what capacity that you provided this support
Additional desired experience and skills:
Program Management Professional (PMP) Certification.
**Serco Inc. is using this posting for the purpose of responding to a proposal. We are seeking qualified candidates in the event of a contract award. This position is not currently funded/active. Should Serco be awarded the contract, and you meet the qualifications of the position, you will be considered in the selection process.**
Company Overview:

Serco Inc. (Serco) is the Americas division of Serco Group, plc. Serco serves every branch of the U.S. military, numerous U.S. Federal civilian agencies, the Intelligence Community, the Canadian government, state and local governments, and commercial clients. We help our clients deliver vital services more efficiently while increasing the satisfaction of their end customers. Headquartered in Herndon, Virginia, Serco Americas has over 9,000 employees and is part of a $4 billion global business that helps transform government and public services around the world. At Serco, our employees are our most valuable asset - we listen, respect and support them throughout their career at Serco. We invite you to become part of our dynamic team. Serco is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversifying our workforce (Race/ Color/ Sex/ Sexual Orientation/ Gender Identity/ Religion/ National Origin/ Disability/ Vets).
To review Serco benefits please visit: https://www.serco.com/na/careers/benefits-of-choosing-serco.
If you require an accommodation with the application process please email: careers@serco-na.com or call the HR Service Desk at 800-628-6458, option 1. Please note, due to EEOC/OFCCP compliance, Serco is unable to accept resumes by email.
Serco does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies without being a contracted approved vendor. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Serco and will not be obligated to pay a placement or contract fee. If you are interested in becoming an approved vendor at Serco, please email Agencies@serco-na.com."	11322	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
Manager - 100+ Person IT Service Desk / Contact Center	General Dynamics Information Technology	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	None	"Travel Required: 25-50%
Public Trust: MBI Full 5C (T3)
Requisition Type: Pipeline
Service Desk Manager
We are GDIT. We stay at the forefront of innovation to solve complex technical challenges.
GDIT is your place. Make it your own by discovering new ways to securely and expertly apply the latest technology. Own your opportunity at GDIT and you’ll be a meaningful part of improving how agencies operate. Our work depends on a Service Desk Manager joining our team to support an important federal customer’s IT help desk activities.
At GDIT, we foster a people-centric environment. As a Service Desk Manager supporting our client, you will be trusted to manage Help Desk and technical support for all facets of operations for computer, network, communications, and hardware/software infrastructure technologies. In this role, a typical day will include:
Collaborating with the customer, vendors and partners to maintain day to day service desk operations; accountable for overall adherence of defined SLAs and ensure team commitment of outlined key performance indicators (KPIs) and support technology modernization efforts.
Lead, coach and manage teams on a daily basis to improve customer service, efficiency and technical aptitude
Provide team leadership establishing internal procedures, ticketing, and escalation standards to ensure prompt resolution to incidents and service requests
Acts as primary technical customer service point of contact for the government customer, and provides reports and other deliverables or information that facilitates the Government mission
Analyzing call volume supply and staffing demand-forecasting reports to inform business decisions
Your success will be measured through successfully meeting or exceeding customer defined Service Level Agreements against multiple performance metrics, and Demonstrated success improving, optimizing, standardizing, and streamlining customer support processes that have yielded improvements in customer satisfaction and resulted in cost reductions
WHAT YOU’LL NEED:
Bachelor’s degree, preferably in business or related field from an accredited university
5 or more years of recent and related managerial experience in an end-to-end service desk, contact center or other managed service environment
Demonstrated experience providing performance-based customer service support against multiple performance metrics in the Federal Government.
Demonstrated experience with implementing SLAs and performance metrics on a service desk or contact center program of 100 to 500 Agents, within the last 5 years
Knowledge of ITIL v4 and ITIL v3 or v4 certification, Foundations or higher.
Certified ITIL® Intermediate Level Certification (or better).
A PMP or equivalent certification is required.
Help Desk Institute or Service Desk Institute Service Desk Manager Certification.
Familiar with Service Desk and ITSM technologies including:
ServiceNow
Automatic Call Distribution (ACD)/Interactive Voice Response (IVR) solutions, such as NICE InContact
Robotic Process Automation (RPA) tools like UiPath Process Runner, Automation Anywhere, Pega RPA; Blue Prism, or Kryon
AI or Intelligent Virtual Agents (IVA) such Amelia, Resolve (resolve.ai), Avaamo (avaamo.ai)
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU:
Full-flex work week
401K with company match
Customizable health benefits packages
Collaborative teams of highly motivated critical thinkers and innovators
Internal mobility team dedicated to helping you own your career
Rewards program for high-performing employees
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	11322	Washington
HR Project Manager	SiriusXM	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	None	"SiriusXM and Pandora have joined together to create the leading audio entertainment company in the U.S. Together, we are uniquely positioned to lead a new era of audio entertainment by delivering the most compelling subscription and ad-supported audio experiences to millions of listeners - in the car, at home and on the go. Our talent, content, technology and innovation continue to be at the forefront, and we want you to be a part of it! Check out our current openings below and at www.siriusxm.com/careers.
Position Summary:
We’re looking for a strong Project Manager to help us execute against the HR vision and strategy that supports SiriusXM today and for the future. You’re curious, eager to learn, can build rapport, organize teams against a common goal, and can keep multiple projects on track. You bring structure and harmony to cross-functional efforts. You embody a mindset of change, feel comfortable in a nimble, dynamic and fluid work environment, and enable others to do the same.
The HR Project Manager, reporting into the Head of People Services, will contribute to the overall management of the HR project portfolio as well as directly manage key HR projects, both technical and non-technical. This role will also partner with leaders of HR Centers of Expertise (COE) to understand core activities and influence prioritization of new programs.
Duties and Responsibilities:
The selected candidate will:
Own and effectively manage multiple small to large scale projects and tasks concurrently, including project design, scope and solutions
Lead effective governance across the project management lifecycle
Gain subject matter expertise of project, its business value, customer benefits and needs addressed, and deep dive into business and technical details
Ensure business goals are identified and agreed upon for the project; establish quantitative KPIs with baseline and measure targets
Understand how to apply project management concepts to projects and programs that don’t necessarily fall in the typical SDLC framework
Drive cross-team collaboration in a structured and efficient way seeking to accelerate progress toward goals while removing barriers and roadblocks along the way
Ensure project team and stakeholders have adequate understanding of ownership, timelines, resource needs, risks, contentions, and dependencies
Manage and drive decision making among stakeholders
Track and report project status; communicate regular updates to various constituents using centralized means
Partner with Internal Communications team to determine rollout/launch strategy; manage execution of communications plan
Partner with COEs to develop change management strategies that will drive adoption and enablement for impacted audiences (employees, managers, administrators, departments, etc)
Execute project deliverables utilizing HR PMO tools, templates and methodology
Identify improvements to streamline and simplify the PMO processes to meet the evolving needs of the business
Supervisory Responsibilities:
None
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent
Minimum of 5 years in program/project management role and/or management consulting.
Experience managing people projects / HR initiatives a plus
Requirements and General Skills:
Must have excellent interpersonal, presentation, and influencing skills
Exemplify organization and attention to detail in all that you do
Familiarity with business process design/improvement/management methodology and tools
Must be a self motivated team player able to work effectively with general guidance toward objectives
Bachelor's degree or equivalent
Experience using models like DACI and AGILE and applying operation models to drive execution and decision making
Technical Skills:
Proficient in Google suite (Docs, Sheets, Slides) and Microsoft Office (WORD, Excel, PowerPoint & Project)
More details about our company benefits can be found here!
Our goal at SiriusXM+Pandora is to provide and maintain a work environment that fosters mutual respect, professionalism and cooperation. SiriusXM+Pandora is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, creed, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, alienage or citizenship status, age, disability or handicap, sex, gender identity, marital status, familial status, veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.
The requirements and duties described above may be modified or waived by the Company in its sole discretion without notice."	11322	Washington
LIBRARY BRANCH MANAGER	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA	$70,574 - $121,430 a year	"Position Information
Arlington County's Public Library is seeking an innovative and experienced manager to join the Public Services Leadership Team. We invite candidates who have proven leadership skills, are strategic thinkers and problem solvers, have strong interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills, and are dedicated to creating a welcoming and inclusive space for culture and connection.

Specific duties include:
Providing mentorship, leadership, and management to professional and administrative staff, including development, training, and performance evaluations;
Contributing to the planning and evaluation of system-wide policies and best practices;
Directing the planning and implementation of services, partnerships, programs, events, outreach, staffing, and volunteer support;
Assessing, recommending, and implementing streamlined processes and procedures to ensure and maintain quality standards;
Making decisions based on data, including interaction reports, staffing audits, and location-specific reports;
Supervising the maintenance of collections, in collaboration with Materials Management Division staff;
Participating in Library and County committees or workgroups to further the Library's mission; and
Developing and maintaining community contacts. .
The ideal candidate will have the following:

Experience as a hands-on manager, and be a problem solver and strategic thinker;
An ability to manage multiple tasks, understand and focus on Library system-wide and County priorities, work successfully within a team, and communicate effectively;
An awareness of current trends in public libraries, be proficient with technology, be forward thinking, and a proven innovator, and
Experience as a change agent with a strong background in internal workgroup dynamics and performance management.
Selection Criteria
Minimum: Masters' Degree in Library Science or Information Science from an American Library Association (ALA) accredited college or university plus extensive leadership and management experience (three or more years) in a library setting which includes experience leading change efforts, leveraging technology and leading a team to achieve strategic initiatives.

Desirables: Preference will be given to candidates with experience in one or more of the following:
Managing public library services for a cultural diverse customer population;
Direct supervision and evaluation of staff performance;
Developing or re-imagining public library services; and/or
Working cross departmentally to collaborate on major initiatives, projects or services.
Special Requirements
As part of this application, please include a cover letter that describes in detail how your training, education and experience has prepared you for this position and how you meet the qualifications. Your cover letter should include:
An overview of your experience supervising and evaluating staff performance and managing library services for a culturally diverse customer population.
A description of your experience developing or reimagining library services and leading staff through change, and
A description of how your efforts lead to improved performance or operations.
Please use the space provided in the Supplemental Questions section of the online application for your cover letter or attach it to your online application
Additional Information
Work location and hours of work: Full-time 40 hours per week, including some evening and weekend work. Actual work schedule is determined by the needs of the work location; assignment location could change over time. The current vacancy are at the Columbia Pike, Glencarlyn and Shirlington Libraries.

The official title of this position is Librarian Supervisor.

The salary listed is effective FY22, July 2021."	11322	Washington
IT Program Manager	Twinn Intelligence Group	Herndon, VA	$150,000 - $170,000 a year	"Twinn is seeking a Fully Cleared PM to help support their Gov't customer.

Mandatory Skills

Demonstrated experience with computer and telecommunications systems

Demonstrated experience using standard office productivity software applications

Demonstrated experience eliciting requirements

Demonstrated experience identifying requirements.

Demonstrated experience drafting requirements

Demonstrated experience reviewing program documentation

Demonstrated experience generating formal review documentation

Demonstrated experience coordinating, supporting, and participating in program meetings and reviews

Demonstrated experience capturing meeting minutes

Demonstrated experience reviewing program plans

Demonstrated experience identifying inconsistencies in program plans

Demonstrated experience with portfolio management

Demonstrated experience supporting division-level budget and plans activities.

Demonstrated experience with project management activities such as planning projects, meeting objectives, developing contingencies, and producing schedules

Demonstrated experience with project management methodologies.

Demonstrated experience with executive report preparation.

Demonstrated experience managing meetings to include organizing, scheduling, and facilitating.

Demonstrated experience resolving complex problems including organizing and structuring solutions.

Optional Skills

Demonstrated experience with social collaborative tools such as wikis, blogs, and chats.

Demonstrated experience coordinating with appropriate task managers for problem resolution and task clarification

Demonstrated experience analyzing the computer and information needs of the organization from an operational and strategic perspective and determining immediate and long range requirements

Demonstrated experience communicating with senior customers, senior management, and implementation partners.

#TwinnIntelligence"	11322	Washington
Cybersecurity Project Manager	Spatial Front	McLean, VA 22102	None	"About the Company:
Spatial Front, Inc is the fast-growing small company providing IT solutions to federal, state, local governments, and the private sector. SFI is nationally recognized by Inc. Magazine by being awarded the Inc. 5000 Award in 2018, 2019, and 2020. We pride ourselves on being one of the premier employers in the VA, MD, DC area.


SFI is an industry leader in delivering cutting-edge technical solutions and mission support services that bring our customer’s businesses to the forefront of the 21st century. Our corporate commitment to excellence in client services and product development means that our people are attentive, hands-on, and bring industry-leading expertise that will meet and exceed your needs in a straightforward, timely, and cost-effective manner.


Every employee at SFI is a leader. We do not settle. We blaze our own path and inspire those around us into action. We motivate others to reach their full potential. To learn more about us visit: www.spatialfront.com
Project Overview:
The Information Assurance Branch (IAB) is an integrated team under the Assistant Chief Information Officer (ACIO), whose mission is to help customers “build security into IT systems” by evaluating business and technology cybersecurity needs and designing solutions to meet those needs. The scope of IAB’s Security Engineering contract is to deliver cybersecurity to the FPAC mission area. IAB’s Engineering and Planning section is made up of Security Engineering, Architecture, Strategic and Tactical Planning teams. Together they set the target state and future direction of Information Security for the Agency and mission area. IAB is not a development office; IAB does not develop anything; IAB provide security services for FPAC. IAB does support the development efforts from other FPAC program areas. In regard to Development, Security, & Operations (DevSecOps) as a management approach, FPAC-IAB is currently designing a framework that best represents the FPAC mission area.
This positions is responsible for the performance of the work specified in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contract: Has full authority to act on behalf of the company for all issues pertaining to contract administration, responsible for the timely and accurate submission of all work function task orders and invoices, provides sufficient management so that contract work is performed efficiently, accurately, on time, and in compliance with the contract requirements.
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification and one of the leading industry certifications in Cyber Security (e.g., CISSP, CISM, etc.) is preferred but not required.
Primary Responsibilities:

Applies strategic planning methodologies and techniques to create goals, captures appropriate performance metrics and assesses progress to facilitate long range planning.
Develops, manages and reports on any specific Strategic Plan, as well as prepares project and program briefings as required by the government.
Implements, manages, and supports a phased management processes to provide a system for
reviewing investment initiatives, projects, and on-going IT services through the implementation of Program Management Reviews (PMR), project status reports and performance across the project management triad (cost, schedule, time).
Applies industry best practices to ensure a high degree of initiative and responsiveness towards project management.
Maintains knowledge of all standards and methodologies associated project management such as but are not limited to:
Industry Standard Project Management Methodologies
The agency SDLC methodology (most current version)
Agency IT policies
USDA IT Governance Framework including Governance standards
PMI Standard for Project Management
Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI)

Required Skills & Qualifications:

Ability to interact with and conduct presentations to all levels of management and stakeholders
Candidates must be able to pass a US Public Trust background check for badging and to access client systems


Certifications Desired (not required):

Project Management Professional (PMP) and,
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)


Education: Bachelors Degree
Desired Skills & Qualifications:

Superior communication skills, both verbal and written
Professional appearance
Must be able to multi-task and manage time amongst clients
Flexibility and ability to bounce between projects quickly
Takes initiative and doesn’t need constant instruction
Excellent follow-through"	11322	Washington
Administrative Assistant Support III	Capital One - US	McLean, VA	None	"Center 1 (19052), United States of America, McLean, Virginia
Administrative Assistant Support III
Capital One is looking for an exceptionally bright, multitasking, and self-motivated experienced Administrative Support Assistant III to support 4 to 6 executives in a fast-paced tech-savvy environment. You will partner with multiple executives to handle administrative tasks freeing up their time to focus on department and company goals. A quick thinker, your flexibility and adaptability are key to constantly changing demands and priorities. You are resourceful and autonomous when taking on new tasks and projects relying on problem-solving skills to make it all work! As the gatekeeper and extension of your executive leaders, you will frequently find yourself in the center of everything that happens on the team. You are extremely pivotal to the success of a well-run, efficient, productive and happy team.
In this role, you are a jack of all trades! Administrative Assistants perform an array of administrative functions critical to running an organization efficiently. You will strategically manage your executives’ complex schedules through prioritization and organization. You will handle travel arrangements, create expense reports, and disseminate information. Your communication will be personable while still getting your point across. As team ambassador, you are proficient in writing and proof-reading with impeccable grammar and composition.
Responsibilities:
Managing daily calendars for multiple executives, demonstrating flexibility and problem-solving abilities to adjust or prioritize schedules based on last-minute changes
Arrange and reserve conference rooms, catering, audio/video and other essential services as needed for meetings and conferences
Coordinate travel arrangements and create expense reports in a timely manner using Capital One systems
Drive key team activities and events (such as all-hands meeting, team meetings, conferences, ordering supplies and social events)
Prepare professional business communication documents including memos, letters, and emails
Build and maintain good business relationships with executives and administrative staff across the organizations
Participation in general administrative duties (copying and faxing), distributing mail, ad-hoc projects, committees and/or group events
Promote a fun and team-oriented work environment
At Capital One, you will find an environment that inspires a can-do-anything spirit with a multitude of supportive resources. Better still, you will find managers who encourage you to be your best in all areas of your life. If you are ready to create an administrative role that satisfies your professional goals while balancing your personal interests, then Capital One is eager to talk to you.
Basic Qualifications:
High School Diploma, GED or equivalent certification
At least 2 years of Administrative experience
At least 2 years of experience in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) or Google Suite
Preferred Qualifications:
Associates Degree
At least 5+ years of experience as an Executive Assistant or Administrative Assistant in a fast-paced environment
At least 3+ years of calendar management supporting multiple executives
At least 1+ year of meeting and event planning experience
Experience setting up video conference and Zoom/Skype technology for meeting user
Experience planning ahead and managing time effectively
Excellent written and verbal communications
Excellent organizational skills
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position."	11322	Washington
Manager, Administration and VIP Services	WASHINGTON NATIONALS	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Summary:
We are looking for a dynamic, organized, high energy candidate to work in a fast paced professional environment. The ideal candidate will have experience supporting C-level executives and have experience-managing people.
Reporting to the Senior Vice President, the Manager, Administration and VIP Services is responsible for supporting the C-level executive and supervising the Office Services/VIP teams. S/he has a proven ability to independently manage multiple tasks and projects with competing priorities and deadlines, screen and prioritize communications and opportunities from external and internal sources, and organize and maintain administrative processes.
The Nationals are a military-friendly organization actively recruiting veterans and spouses.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Administration
Manage external contacts, proactively understanding who they are, which are priority contacts and keep track of periodic communication needed for priority contacts.
Anticipate the needs and proactively bring together appropriate people and resources to support the executive in addressing issues.
Coordinate and facilitate meetings.
Manage the daily schedule, ensuring the Senior Vice President knows their schedule 24 hours in advance and keeping appointments and meetings on time or changing schedules when necessary.
Develop and maintain a system that alerts upcoming deadlines and incoming requests or events.
Manage travel arrangements and proactively coordinate the pre-planning of trips with various internal functions, including.
Arrange appropriate travel, visas, agendas and necessary contacts, country information, etc.
Ensure that various administrative tasks are done in an effective and efficient manner, including composing correspondence, copying, reviewing outside mail, drafting correspondence, screening phone calls. Review Company documents (i.e. invoices, expense reports) for appropriate signatures, form completion, etc. before submission to the Senior Vice President.
Assist in the organization and administration of the department, including identifying needs and developing procedures, filing systems, supplies, and arranges for equipment maintenance when needed.
Work with Senior Vice President on Postseason coordination and special projects.
Supervisory Duties
Supervise the VIP Services Coordinator, and the Office Services Department employees (Mailroom Coordinator, Receptionist, and Office Services Coordinator).
VIP Services
Ensure that all VIP needs met by overseeing the VIP Services Coordinator and providing assistance as needed.
Make sure comprehensive manual that addresses all VIP needs including policies, procedures and protocol to accomplish and anticipate the needs of VIPs (e.g. tickets, hospitality, player requests and merchandise needs) is maintained.
Review and approve an accurate inventory of the promotional and giveaway items.
Review VIP suite menu for each homestand.
Review guest lists each homestand.
Approve external communications with VIPs.
Office Services
Create and manage the annual Office Services budget.
Review and approve all pantry and office supplies/equipment purchase requisitions.
Review and approve weekly office damages list.
Review and approve monthly telephone list and the on-line front office roster.
Coordinate office space and supplies for new hires.
Ensure mailroom run in compliance with MLB rules and regulations.
Ensure monthly reports submitted to league.
Coordinate spring training deliveries with operations in Florida.
Make sure all departments have supplies prior to beginning of homestand.
Audit pantry and office supply inventory to ensure it is being completed accurately and consistently
Negotiate contracts and manage relationships with office service vendors, including beverage supplier, package delivery companies and vending machines.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent military experience.
Minimum of 5 years’ experience supporting C-level Executives and working with Boards of Directors, necessary.
Minimum of 3 years management experience in event production or customer service.
Prior experience in corporate, entertainment and social event management and planning is desired.
Team and/or sports experience preferred.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities necessary to perform essential functions
Demonstrated ability to handle confidential information appropriately.
Highly proficient in the following software programs: (Word, /Excel/PowerPoint, databases).
Ability to stay focused, efficient, and effective in managing multiple priorities.
Professional demeanor in all circumstances.
Strong interpersonal skills and good judgment.
Proven ability to work independently to achieve accomplishments.
Exemplary relationship building, communication, writing and verbal skills.
Mature, energetic with a ‘let’s roll up our sleeves’ attitude.
Proven ability to effectively collaborate with internal team, cross-functional team, and external parties
Ability to work regular business hours, evenings and/or weekends as needed.
Uphold Core Values: Excellence, Performance, and Accountability. These core values set the tone in everything we do, help us succeed on and off the field, make a difference in the community and provide the best guest experience in sports. It is important that the person in the position commits themselves to these core values so that we can constantly move forward in the same direction – Together.
Physical/Environmental Requirements
Office: Working conditions are normal for an office environment. Frequent evening, weekend and holiday work is required.
Gameday: Job requires employee to function in a high activity and heavily crowded outdoor professional sports venue. May work at heights. Employee will be exposed to inclement weather of varying degrees. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand for long periods of time, walk long distances, and climb up/down stairs. The employee is required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or sit and must lift and/or move up to 45 pounds.
Experience
Preferred
Manager
Education
Preferred
Bachelors or better"	11322	Washington
IT Auditor	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"IT Auditor(Job Number: 050785)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking an Associate IT Auditor to join its State & Local service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
IT Audit to support for State Auditor's financial statement audits
Federal Information Systems Control Audit Manual (FISCAM)


Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.

Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.

Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	11322	Washington
Manager, Project Delivery, Economic Growth	Palladium Group, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	"Manager, Project Delivery, Economic Growth
Company Overview:
About Palladium - Palladium is a global leader in the design, development and delivery of Positive Impact – the intentional creation of enduring social and economic value. We work with governments, businesses, and investors to solve the world's most pressing challenges. With a team of more than 3,000 employees operating in 90 plus countries and a global network of over 35,000 experts, we help improve economies, societies and, most importantly, people's lives.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion - We welcome applications from all sections of society and actively encourage diversity to drive innovation, creativity, success and good practice. We positively welcome and seek to ensure we achieve diversity in our workforce; and that all job applicants and employees receive equal and fair treatment regardless of their background or personal characteristics. These include: (but are not limited to) socio-economic background, age, race, gender identity, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability, nationality, veteran, marital or Indigenous status.

Should you require any adjustments or accommodations to be made due to a disability or you are a neurodivergent individual or any other circumstance, please email our team at accessibility@thepalladiumgroup.com
Safeguarding - We define Safeguarding as “the preventative action taken by Palladium to protect our people, clients and the communities we work with from harm”. We are committed to ensuring that all children and adults who come into contact with Palladium are treated with respect and are free from abuse. All successful candidates will be subject to an enhanced selection process including safeguarding-focused interviews and a rigorous due diligence process.
Purpose of Position:
For assigned projects, the Manager, Project Delivery serves as part of the Project Management Unit. This team is responsible under the leadership of Practice Area Lead for the management and delivery of projects. The specific purpose of the position is to facilitate the management and implementation of effective and efficient program delivery, financial and compliance activities to deliver projects in accordance with contractual obligations, company policies and client rules and regulations.

The Manager, Project Delivery, plays a key role in leading day-to-day management activities of the project team, harmonizing technical goals and compliance with our client agreements, regulations, and internal policies. Through this experience and working closely with their PMU, managers, project delivery, are expected to gain the competencies and skills needed to progress to director level roles in project delivery, or functional areas. This role also typically supervises one or more Associate(s), Project Delivery, ensuring their training in project management duties and best practices, while also promoting their development and growth into future managers, project delivery or functional roles.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Project Management
Plan and manage project start-up and closeout, supporting in-country corporate registration as needed;

Serve as the project’s primary liaison with corporate services, Senior Managers, Project Delivery, and Compliance and Project Excellence Hub;

Prepare and maintain project specific components of the project management manual;

In collaboration with the Compliance and Project Excellence Hub and corporate services, provide training and guidance to project staff on, and ensure compliance with, company policies and client rules and regulations (covering as required risk management, project planning, human resource management, monitoring, reporting, finance, procurement, logistics, IT, communications, audit support and all other project managements matters);

Establish project offices and office infrastructure; facilitate field office leases;

Participate in the development, implementation, and monitoring of project work plans, tracking project deliverables and monitoring project delivery against spending forecasts;

Support development and presentation of internal and external reporting (for example: quarterly Internal Project Reviews, CPARs, project risk assessments, annual reviews, and client deliverables);

Ensure project issues and risks are logged, reported on, managed and mitigated; and escalate risks and issues to Practice and Project Excellence and Compliance Hub leadership, as required;

In collaboration with Risk Management, conduct spot checks on processes and internal controls including asset management procedures;

Ensure all corrective actions for assigned projects are implemented and report back to confirm their completion via the risk register;

Serve as a point of contact with service providers and address contractual matters as required;

Support development of project subcontractor, grant management, and procurement procedures compliant with internal and client’s rules and regulations;

Report monthly on the status of partner budgets/invoicing and grants;

Manage planning and coordination of inputs from the company’s security team as needed;

Contribute to technical assistance through reviews, engaging in work planning and discussions with the field team, etc. to build skills with the goal of taking on a more senior role, such as director of project delivery or a functional area.
Contract and Client Relationship Management
Monitor and maintain compliance with head/prime contracts including agreement action requests (i.e., travel, personnel changes, grant approvals, budget realignments, etc.);

Liaise with C&C to communicate with contracting and agreement officers or other client representatives on any matters that make legal or financial commitments for Palladium;

Monitor and report on overall progress against agreed targets, milestones, outputs and activities;

Develop, manage and support contract amendments as required;

Liaise with and respond to requests from clients in conjunction with the project’s director, including providing or giving inputs on reporting;

Support project advocacy with internal and external stakeholders.
Financial Management
Ensure company policies for financial management are implemented and are compliant with the client’s rules and regulations;

Ensure that project levels of delegated authority issued are in accordance with Palladium’s Expenditure Approval and Signature Authority Policy and Guidelines and manage the process for higher-level approvals as required;

Collaborating with Financial Management establish project charge codes, ensuring they meet client and project requirements for cost allocation, monitoring and evaluation, and reporting;

In collaboration with Treasury, facilitate project bank accounts set-up with appropriate company and project signatories;

Ensure the project financial calendar is adhered to including monitoring, reconciling, and reporting expense advances monthly;

Leads monitoring budget progress against forecast as one metric to track project progress against its work plan; proactively seeks to solve shortages or overages against the frozen forecast as needed;

Review monthly Funds Transfer Requests (FTRs) to ensure they reflect budget progress and forecasting and seek approval for them as needed;

Review cashbooks / field vouchers and ensure supporting documentation is complete;

Serve as a coordinator for service providers and approve (or obtain approval for) work orders and invoices; ensure the accuracy of client invoices (including monthly, milestone and performance based invoices);

Monitor, reconcile and report expense advances monthly;

Support the external audit process as needed and ensure retention of project records is compliant with company and client policy;
Human Resource Management and Recruitment
Oversee project human resource planning, recruitment, contracting, with field teams and coordinate inputs from Compliance, HR, and Talent Acquisition teams (i.e. benefits, local labor law, etc.);

Working with associate, maintain project data on relevant HR systems for short-term and long-term staff and consultants; is maintained accurately;

Lead the mobilisation and demobilisation of all international staff (short-term and long-term) including contracting (in coordination with HR) and travel management;

Serve as primary supervisor to one or more Associate(s), Project Delivery, or Senior Associate(s), Project Delivery;

In conjunction with the PMU, and the Senior Manager, Project Delivery, engage in employee onboarding and training, educating new staff on policies, procedures, tools, and Palladium’s culture;

Actively monitor, review, correct, and provide feedback on all supervisee’s work products, providing additional training and support where necessary;

Take a proactive role in staff development, including working with supervisees to identify professional development opportunities, and holding monthly coaching sessions to advise them on project management best practices, core competencies, and general work skills and behaviors.
Business Development / Other
Contribute to company growth by ensuring assigned projects are managed well, ensuring Palladium is seen positively by clients for consideration in future business development;

Participate in capture planning, providing inputs on implementation requirements;

Provide input and support business development of the company as required.

Complete other duties as assigned.
Reporting requirements
The role reports to the Project Director. For multiple projects, the role has dual reporting requirements to the various relevant Project Directors. Reporting requirements include:
Attendance at all regular management team meetings,

Provision of regular updates to the line manager, including updates on Key Result Areas (KRAs) and any other material matters and/or areas of concern,

Monthly submission of financials and forecasts, and contributions to Practice and corporate reporting;

Other reporting as requested by the line manager.
Relationships
The role is part of the Practice Area,

As delegated, the role liaises with clients, technical area specialists, corporate services, professional service providers, and other stakeholders as required.
Authority levels
The role carries a degree of autonomy on project management with appropriate consultation. The role is required to analyse and make sound recommendations to the line manager;

The role may carry expenditure and/or signatory authority for project-related costs and documents;

Oversee and manage Senior Project Associates and Project Associates as assigned;

Contribute to process improvement through innovative and cost-effective ideas and suggestions.
Essential Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Works with respect and dignity for all colleagues and promotes a cooperative team working environment.

Formal Project Management training and expertise is helpful.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Financial acumen and the ability to interpret and analyse financial reports.

Sound problem solving and decision making skills.

Strong management skills with ability to mentor, coach, lead, develop and evaluate staff.

Ability to travel and work in developing countries for extended periods of time if needed.

Adaptability to work with a low level of supervision and as a part of a team as needed.
Fluency in Spanish.
Desirable Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Experience working in the international development sector.

Prior experience with USAID contracts and cooperative agreements is helpful."	11322	Washington
Administrative Associate	George Washington University	Foggy Bottom, DC	None	"The George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences (SMHS) is seeking an Administrative Associate for the Office of the Dean, Academic and Student Affairs. The Administrative Associate provides administrative support to the Associate Dean of Student Affairs as well as other senior staff in management of fiscal affairs, office management, and human resource needs.

This senior administrative support position provides enhanced administrative support to one or more individuals. This position maintains and reconciles purchasing cards for departmental, institutional or work unit accounts, and coordinates the schedules and maintains calendar(s) for assigned staff, regularly prioritizing and arranging meetings, conferences and appointments. This position will anticipate and prepares background materials needed, and may liaise with managers to ensure office administration policies, programs, and activities are appropriate for their needs. This role also typically plans, prioritizes, and manages maintenance and space activities and upgrades to equipment, facilities, and systems to minimize disruptions to business activities. This position is responsible for the hiring, training, and supervision of the office’s summer and temporary staff, and oversees the customer service efforts of the front desk, to include referring constituents and resolving concerns as appropriate. This is the highest administrative support position that is not reporting directly to a Vice President or Dean.

A major portion of this position includes responsibilities for pre-clinical student events and coordination with student committees. Some registrar and record keeping duties are also included.

Additional duties include:
Prepares meetings and minutesOrders office supplies and equipmentDistributes policies and procedures related to student affairs functionsMakes purchases related to student affairs using university purchase card (P-Card).Coordinates travel arrangements; prepares event pre-authorization forms, travel reimbursements and payment request forms as requiredCommunicates with vendors and management of procurement and invoicingAssists with purchases for the student class and student government accounts.Provides administrative support and participation of SMHS senior level social functions and other SMHS hosted event activities
Serves as the primary administrative liaison between the Office of Student Affairs and various internal and external contacts and organizations to provide information, enlist cooperation and implement programs and initiativesCoordinates with staff from various offices including Facilities Management, IT and Telecommunications, to ensure ease of operations and efficient management of daily incidentsSupports faculty, deans, and staff in coordinating preclinical academic calendars and intersession curricular eventsPerforms other duties as assigned by senior leaders of the Office of Student Affairs. The omission of specific duties does not preclude the supervisor from assigning duties that are logically related to the position.

This position is a Hybrid position. Hybrid work is defined as job functions that can be performed effectively in a combination of on- and off-campus locations. Employees may have dedicated space or typically have a personal or shared workspace assigned or available to them at an on-campus site. Employees in this category may have essential roles, duties and/or responsibilities yet have flexibility to determine how best to perform their work when and where needed. Telecommuting agreement must be implemented.
Minimum Qualifications:
Qualified candidates will hold a Bachelor’s degree in an appropriate area of specialization. Degree must be conferred by the start date of the position. Degree requirements may be substituted with an equivalent combination of education, training and experience.
Additional Required Licenses/Certifications/Posting Specific Minimum Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications:
Proficient computer skills and in-depth knowledge of MS Office SuitePrior experience managing events, curricular affairs/student affairs, preparing high profile documentation, budgeting, invoicing and reimbursements, and maintaining accurate recordsExperience supporting executive calendars, meetings, files and experience working on various projects/eventsExcellent communication skills (verbal and written)
Typical Hiring Range $24.08 - $31.32 How is pay for new employees determined at GW?
Campus Location: Foggy Bottom, Washington, D.C.

College/School/Department: School of Medicine and Health Sciences (SMHS)

Family Administration

Sub-Family Administrative / Operations

Stream Individual Contributor

Level Level 1

Full-Time/Part-Time: Full-Time

Hours Per Week: 40

Work Schedule: Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 5:30pm

Will this job require the employee to work on site? Yes

Position Designation: Non-Essential: Employees who are not required to work unless directed to do so by their supervisor.

Telework: Yes

Required Background Check: Criminal History Screening, Education/Degree/Certifications Verification, Social Security Number Trace, and Sex Offender Registry Search

Special Instructions to Applicants:
Employer will not sponsor for employment Visa status

Internal Applicants Only? No

Posting Number: S009914

Job Open Date: 06/15/2021

Job Close Date:

If temporary, grant funded or limited term appointment, position funded until:

Background Screening Successful Completion of a Background Screening will be required as a condition of hire.

EEO Statement:
The university is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law."	11322	Washington
IT Auditor	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"IT Auditor(Job Number: 050785)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking an Associate IT Auditor to join its State & Local service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
IT Audit to support for State Auditor's financial statement audits
Federal Information Systems Control Audit Manual (FISCAM)


Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.

Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.

Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	11322	Washington
Manager, Project Delivery, Economic Growth	Palladium Group, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	"Manager, Project Delivery, Economic Growth
Company Overview:
About Palladium - Palladium is a global leader in the design, development and delivery of Positive Impact – the intentional creation of enduring social and economic value. We work with governments, businesses, and investors to solve the world's most pressing challenges. With a team of more than 3,000 employees operating in 90 plus countries and a global network of over 35,000 experts, we help improve economies, societies and, most importantly, people's lives.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion - We welcome applications from all sections of society and actively encourage diversity to drive innovation, creativity, success and good practice. We positively welcome and seek to ensure we achieve diversity in our workforce; and that all job applicants and employees receive equal and fair treatment regardless of their background or personal characteristics. These include: (but are not limited to) socio-economic background, age, race, gender identity, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability, nationality, veteran, marital or Indigenous status.

Should you require any adjustments or accommodations to be made due to a disability or you are a neurodivergent individual or any other circumstance, please email our team at accessibility@thepalladiumgroup.com
Safeguarding - We define Safeguarding as “the preventative action taken by Palladium to protect our people, clients and the communities we work with from harm”. We are committed to ensuring that all children and adults who come into contact with Palladium are treated with respect and are free from abuse. All successful candidates will be subject to an enhanced selection process including safeguarding-focused interviews and a rigorous due diligence process.
Purpose of Position:
For assigned projects, the Manager, Project Delivery serves as part of the Project Management Unit. This team is responsible under the leadership of Practice Area Lead for the management and delivery of projects. The specific purpose of the position is to facilitate the management and implementation of effective and efficient program delivery, financial and compliance activities to deliver projects in accordance with contractual obligations, company policies and client rules and regulations.

The Manager, Project Delivery, plays a key role in leading day-to-day management activities of the project team, harmonizing technical goals and compliance with our client agreements, regulations, and internal policies. Through this experience and working closely with their PMU, managers, project delivery, are expected to gain the competencies and skills needed to progress to director level roles in project delivery, or functional areas. This role also typically supervises one or more Associate(s), Project Delivery, ensuring their training in project management duties and best practices, while also promoting their development and growth into future managers, project delivery or functional roles.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Project Management
Plan and manage project start-up and closeout, supporting in-country corporate registration as needed;

Serve as the project’s primary liaison with corporate services, Senior Managers, Project Delivery, and Compliance and Project Excellence Hub;

Prepare and maintain project specific components of the project management manual;

In collaboration with the Compliance and Project Excellence Hub and corporate services, provide training and guidance to project staff on, and ensure compliance with, company policies and client rules and regulations (covering as required risk management, project planning, human resource management, monitoring, reporting, finance, procurement, logistics, IT, communications, audit support and all other project managements matters);

Establish project offices and office infrastructure; facilitate field office leases;

Participate in the development, implementation, and monitoring of project work plans, tracking project deliverables and monitoring project delivery against spending forecasts;

Support development and presentation of internal and external reporting (for example: quarterly Internal Project Reviews, CPARs, project risk assessments, annual reviews, and client deliverables);

Ensure project issues and risks are logged, reported on, managed and mitigated; and escalate risks and issues to Practice and Project Excellence and Compliance Hub leadership, as required;

In collaboration with Risk Management, conduct spot checks on processes and internal controls including asset management procedures;

Ensure all corrective actions for assigned projects are implemented and report back to confirm their completion via the risk register;

Serve as a point of contact with service providers and address contractual matters as required;

Support development of project subcontractor, grant management, and procurement procedures compliant with internal and client’s rules and regulations;

Report monthly on the status of partner budgets/invoicing and grants;

Manage planning and coordination of inputs from the company’s security team as needed;

Contribute to technical assistance through reviews, engaging in work planning and discussions with the field team, etc. to build skills with the goal of taking on a more senior role, such as director of project delivery or a functional area.
Contract and Client Relationship Management
Monitor and maintain compliance with head/prime contracts including agreement action requests (i.e., travel, personnel changes, grant approvals, budget realignments, etc.);

Liaise with C&C to communicate with contracting and agreement officers or other client representatives on any matters that make legal or financial commitments for Palladium;

Monitor and report on overall progress against agreed targets, milestones, outputs and activities;

Develop, manage and support contract amendments as required;

Liaise with and respond to requests from clients in conjunction with the project’s director, including providing or giving inputs on reporting;

Support project advocacy with internal and external stakeholders.
Financial Management
Ensure company policies for financial management are implemented and are compliant with the client’s rules and regulations;

Ensure that project levels of delegated authority issued are in accordance with Palladium’s Expenditure Approval and Signature Authority Policy and Guidelines and manage the process for higher-level approvals as required;

Collaborating with Financial Management establish project charge codes, ensuring they meet client and project requirements for cost allocation, monitoring and evaluation, and reporting;

In collaboration with Treasury, facilitate project bank accounts set-up with appropriate company and project signatories;

Ensure the project financial calendar is adhered to including monitoring, reconciling, and reporting expense advances monthly;

Leads monitoring budget progress against forecast as one metric to track project progress against its work plan; proactively seeks to solve shortages or overages against the frozen forecast as needed;

Review monthly Funds Transfer Requests (FTRs) to ensure they reflect budget progress and forecasting and seek approval for them as needed;

Review cashbooks / field vouchers and ensure supporting documentation is complete;

Serve as a coordinator for service providers and approve (or obtain approval for) work orders and invoices; ensure the accuracy of client invoices (including monthly, milestone and performance based invoices);

Monitor, reconcile and report expense advances monthly;

Support the external audit process as needed and ensure retention of project records is compliant with company and client policy;
Human Resource Management and Recruitment
Oversee project human resource planning, recruitment, contracting, with field teams and coordinate inputs from Compliance, HR, and Talent Acquisition teams (i.e. benefits, local labor law, etc.);

Working with associate, maintain project data on relevant HR systems for short-term and long-term staff and consultants; is maintained accurately;

Lead the mobilisation and demobilisation of all international staff (short-term and long-term) including contracting (in coordination with HR) and travel management;

Serve as primary supervisor to one or more Associate(s), Project Delivery, or Senior Associate(s), Project Delivery;

In conjunction with the PMU, and the Senior Manager, Project Delivery, engage in employee onboarding and training, educating new staff on policies, procedures, tools, and Palladium’s culture;

Actively monitor, review, correct, and provide feedback on all supervisee’s work products, providing additional training and support where necessary;

Take a proactive role in staff development, including working with supervisees to identify professional development opportunities, and holding monthly coaching sessions to advise them on project management best practices, core competencies, and general work skills and behaviors.
Business Development / Other
Contribute to company growth by ensuring assigned projects are managed well, ensuring Palladium is seen positively by clients for consideration in future business development;

Participate in capture planning, providing inputs on implementation requirements;

Provide input and support business development of the company as required.

Complete other duties as assigned.
Reporting requirements
The role reports to the Project Director. For multiple projects, the role has dual reporting requirements to the various relevant Project Directors. Reporting requirements include:
Attendance at all regular management team meetings,

Provision of regular updates to the line manager, including updates on Key Result Areas (KRAs) and any other material matters and/or areas of concern,

Monthly submission of financials and forecasts, and contributions to Practice and corporate reporting;

Other reporting as requested by the line manager.
Relationships
The role is part of the Practice Area,

As delegated, the role liaises with clients, technical area specialists, corporate services, professional service providers, and other stakeholders as required.
Authority levels
The role carries a degree of autonomy on project management with appropriate consultation. The role is required to analyse and make sound recommendations to the line manager;

The role may carry expenditure and/or signatory authority for project-related costs and documents;

Oversee and manage Senior Project Associates and Project Associates as assigned;

Contribute to process improvement through innovative and cost-effective ideas and suggestions.
Essential Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Works with respect and dignity for all colleagues and promotes a cooperative team working environment.

Formal Project Management training and expertise is helpful.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Financial acumen and the ability to interpret and analyse financial reports.

Sound problem solving and decision making skills.

Strong management skills with ability to mentor, coach, lead, develop and evaluate staff.

Ability to travel and work in developing countries for extended periods of time if needed.

Adaptability to work with a low level of supervision and as a part of a team as needed.
Fluency in Spanish.
Desirable Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Experience working in the international development sector.

Prior experience with USAID contracts and cooperative agreements is helpful."	11322	Washington
Administrative Associate	George Washington University	Foggy Bottom, DC	None	"The George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences (SMHS) is seeking an Administrative Associate for the Office of the Dean, Academic and Student Affairs. The Administrative Associate provides administrative support to the Associate Dean of Student Affairs as well as other senior staff in management of fiscal affairs, office management, and human resource needs.

This senior administrative support position provides enhanced administrative support to one or more individuals. This position maintains and reconciles purchasing cards for departmental, institutional or work unit accounts, and coordinates the schedules and maintains calendar(s) for assigned staff, regularly prioritizing and arranging meetings, conferences and appointments. This position will anticipate and prepares background materials needed, and may liaise with managers to ensure office administration policies, programs, and activities are appropriate for their needs. This role also typically plans, prioritizes, and manages maintenance and space activities and upgrades to equipment, facilities, and systems to minimize disruptions to business activities. This position is responsible for the hiring, training, and supervision of the office’s summer and temporary staff, and oversees the customer service efforts of the front desk, to include referring constituents and resolving concerns as appropriate. This is the highest administrative support position that is not reporting directly to a Vice President or Dean.

A major portion of this position includes responsibilities for pre-clinical student events and coordination with student committees. Some registrar and record keeping duties are also included.

Additional duties include:
Prepares meetings and minutesOrders office supplies and equipmentDistributes policies and procedures related to student affairs functionsMakes purchases related to student affairs using university purchase card (P-Card).Coordinates travel arrangements; prepares event pre-authorization forms, travel reimbursements and payment request forms as requiredCommunicates with vendors and management of procurement and invoicingAssists with purchases for the student class and student government accounts.Provides administrative support and participation of SMHS senior level social functions and other SMHS hosted event activities
Serves as the primary administrative liaison between the Office of Student Affairs and various internal and external contacts and organizations to provide information, enlist cooperation and implement programs and initiativesCoordinates with staff from various offices including Facilities Management, IT and Telecommunications, to ensure ease of operations and efficient management of daily incidentsSupports faculty, deans, and staff in coordinating preclinical academic calendars and intersession curricular eventsPerforms other duties as assigned by senior leaders of the Office of Student Affairs. The omission of specific duties does not preclude the supervisor from assigning duties that are logically related to the position.

This position is a Hybrid position. Hybrid work is defined as job functions that can be performed effectively in a combination of on- and off-campus locations. Employees may have dedicated space or typically have a personal or shared workspace assigned or available to them at an on-campus site. Employees in this category may have essential roles, duties and/or responsibilities yet have flexibility to determine how best to perform their work when and where needed. Telecommuting agreement must be implemented.
Minimum Qualifications:
Qualified candidates will hold a Bachelor’s degree in an appropriate area of specialization. Degree must be conferred by the start date of the position. Degree requirements may be substituted with an equivalent combination of education, training and experience.
Additional Required Licenses/Certifications/Posting Specific Minimum Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications:
Proficient computer skills and in-depth knowledge of MS Office SuitePrior experience managing events, curricular affairs/student affairs, preparing high profile documentation, budgeting, invoicing and reimbursements, and maintaining accurate recordsExperience supporting executive calendars, meetings, files and experience working on various projects/eventsExcellent communication skills (verbal and written)
Typical Hiring Range $24.08 - $31.32 How is pay for new employees determined at GW?
Campus Location: Foggy Bottom, Washington, D.C.

College/School/Department: School of Medicine and Health Sciences (SMHS)

Family Administration

Sub-Family Administrative / Operations

Stream Individual Contributor

Level Level 1

Full-Time/Part-Time: Full-Time

Hours Per Week: 40

Work Schedule: Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 5:30pm

Will this job require the employee to work on site? Yes

Position Designation: Non-Essential: Employees who are not required to work unless directed to do so by their supervisor.

Telework: Yes

Required Background Check: Criminal History Screening, Education/Degree/Certifications Verification, Social Security Number Trace, and Sex Offender Registry Search

Special Instructions to Applicants:
Employer will not sponsor for employment Visa status

Internal Applicants Only? No

Posting Number: S009914

Job Open Date: 06/15/2021

Job Close Date:

If temporary, grant funded or limited term appointment, position funded until:

Background Screening Successful Completion of a Background Screening will be required as a condition of hire.

EEO Statement:
The university is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law."	11322	Washington
Cashier Attendant	Colonial Parking Inc	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	None	"Colonial Parking Culture: We Park Cars.Simple words, but they express the core of Colonial’s service mission. Colonial honors and respects that trust, in part, by staffing our parking facilities with well-trained and dedicated employees who go out of their way to make every parking experience a valued one.
There is a reason that Colonial is the Capital City’s leading parking provider throughout the Metropolitan Washington DC area. Simply put;Our relationships with property owners and property managers—our clients—are marked by integrity and accountability.
With more than 280 parking facilities Colonial offers convenient parking for tens of thousands of Washington D.C. residents and visitors every day.
Colonial’s approach to providing great service starts with attracting the best people. We look for candidates that have a proven track record in making customers feel at home and treating their property with respect and care.
What you will do:
To deliver the company’s standards of customer service with each parker transaction while maintaining an acceptable flow of traffic in and out of the parking facility.
Assisting the Shift Manager with the operation of a single parking facilities by utilizing quality customer service, receiving payment from customers for parking service and facilitating the flow of traffic through the gate by performing the following duties:
Provide the company’s standards of service with each customer including maintaining the required uniform appearance, stating the company greeting, answering questions, resolving issues and thanking each customer upon exit.
Keeping facility stocked with necessary forms and supplies.
Reporting to work on time.
Completing Customer Damage Report with customer and relaying all information regarding claim reports to the Claims Department with assistance from the Shift Manager.
Notify management of any situation that needs attention.
Performs other duties as assigned or when necessary. Including but not limited to; assisting with incoming customer calls and acting in the capacity of a customer service associate additional duties and tasks as assigned.
At times you may:
May be asked by management to complete small cleaning or maintenance tasks according to the company’s maintenance checklists.
Other duties as assigned by the Project Manager.
What you'll gain in return:
A competitive compensation package that includes an annual performance-based incentive plan
401k Plan
Profit sharing
Paid time-off
Employee loan program
Health and Welfare benefits
Free Parking while you work!
 A high school degree is required.
 Ability to read and comprehend verbal instructions and written correspondence.
 Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and through written correspondence.
 Ability to maintain a professional and friendly demeanor when working with other employees and the parking customer.
 Ability to provide customer resolution in a professional and friendly manner.
If you are knowledgeable about the following it's a plus:
 Background in the service industry is desired 1-2 years of experience.
 Ability to perform basic math calculations.
Know how you are performing:
This position will receive an annual performance review from the direct supervisor to discuss actual performance as compared to company stated expectations and agreed upon job related performance goals for the upcoming year.
The environment you will work in:
The physical demands of this position and the work environment characteristics described below are representative of those that must be met, with or without reasonable accommodations, by an employee to perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential job functions.
Physical Demands: as part of performing the duties associated with this position, the employee will be required to stand, walk, sit, use hands-to-fingers, handle tools or controls, reach with hands or arms, talk and hear.
Work Environment: While performing the duties of this position, the employee may be subjected to weather conditions prevalent at the time. The employee is regularly exposed to fumes and airborne particles. The noise level in this work environment can range from minimal to moderate.
Who you will interact with:
This position will have contact with location management, corporate office employees, peers and field employees.
This position will have regular contact with customers, vendors and property management/client contact."	11322	Washington
IT Project Coordinator	Client Software Services	Gaithersburg, MD 20877	None	"CSS is looking for a skilled Project Coordinator to support our Project at our Gaithersburg, MD location.
Due to the nature of the position , No Visa Sponsorship is provided.
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer. No C2C.
Responsibilities Include:
 Provide technical assistance to management and Technical Project Managers in request management, project prioritization, resource allocation, and regular portfolio reviews.
 Research, collect and evaluate project data necessary to meet project reporting and evaluation requirements.
 Design and develop the configurations to be deployed on systems using the approved solution assessment to meet customer requirements.
 Provide technical assistance to management and Technical Project Managers in the creation of project concept and project charter documents.
 Develop, maintain, update, and oversee project plans and schedules using tools established by agency and division.
 Identify and document project issues and risks in information technology (IT) project plans and escalate to senior management.
 Maintain project issue and risk process and/or defect logs.
 Monitor and maintain the project communication plan and process, project performance, report status, and facilitate the creation of action plans to promote adherence to

 IT project schedules.
 Use state standard system methods in maintenance, development, enhancement, and deployment of information technology systems.
 Provide project plan trend analysis and control including analysis, research, development and maintenance of the project data.
 Maintain awareness of emerging technologies and project management techniques.
 Provide recommendations for improvement of project management processes currently in use and performs related work as assigned.
Requires a minimum of Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Technology, and Engineering, Software or a related field with 1 year of relevant work experience.
If you are comfortable with the above requirement, please send us your updated resumes to hr@clientsoftwareservices.com"	11322	Washington
Program Manager, Social Impact Creative Alliances	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity.

We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community.

Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Program Manager is responsible for supporting Social Impact affiliated artists in their engagement of critical interventions within existing social systems that inspire debate and social change. The Program Manager will support artists in the task of creation and facilitate artistic exploration in an effort to emphasize the artistic process over product while positioning creative vision as a model for social ingenuity.

Duties and Responsibilities

50% Responsible for building and maintaining impact focused creative alliances across the country

Design artist driven programs that are engaging, inclusive, and participatory based on the vision set forth by the VP and Artistic Director of Social Impact which allow the creative process to flourish
Manage relationships, communication, and asset collection with affiliated Social Impact artists
Center the artists’ vision to harness and channel their creative intellect to impact societal health, development and well-being
Develop plans of action with affiliated Social Impact artists ensuring that they are valued and empowered
Ensure primacy of the artists’ voice and make certain that their agreed upon goals during their time with the Center are achieved
Build, manage and disseminate monthly Social Impact newsletter

35% Responsible for project management, key project tasks, and office work-flow

Create project timelines for Social Impact programs that integrate cross-matrix functionality with other teams in the Programming division and across the Center
Confer with Campus Planning to effectively communicate programing goals and ensure that appropriate reservations and holds are placed on Center and REACH venues
When required, work with Marketing and Box Office to create ticket set-ups for programs
Attend inter-departmental meetings as a Social Impact representative in order to advance the Center’s Social Impact priorities and objectives

10% Responsible for program budget management, revisions, tracking, and reporting

Consult with Director of Social Impact to develop seasonal program budgets based on the vision set forth by the VP and Artistic Director of Social Impact
Consult with Director of Social Impact to revise program budgets throughout the season pro forma process
Track and maintain program budgets throughout the season and conduct regular budget re-projections
Consult with Social Impact team as needed to provide Finance and Development with financial information for grant reporting

5% Responsible for coordination of administrative staff

Responsible for coordinating hiring process, including training and onboarding of interns, fellows and new staff

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

3-5 years’ experience in arts management or administration and community engagement, specifically in the performing arts.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Demonstrated strength in artist relations
Flexibility and expansive thinking is required to support artist needs.
A critical understanding of the value of the arts as a tool address societal challenges.
Understanding of budgeting and finance expenses related to the performing arts.
Background in finance and basic accounts payable procedures.
Adept knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is normal, except that volume may be loud during performances. Travel up to 0% may be required.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11322	Washington
Project Manager, non-technical	MOXFIVE	Tysons, VA	$65,000 - $100,000 a year	"Project Manager
Job Summary
Are you looking to take your career to thenext level and help lead a cutting-edge start-up company to success? MOXFIVE isactively seeking a Project Manager to manage and assist with engagements acrossour various service lines. MOXFIVE provides companies expertise in allthings Security and IT, with a focus on helping companies respond to cyberincidents. In this role, candidates will assist Technical Advisors in managing engagements,interfacing with MOXFIVE Partners to ensure alignment, and ensuring that ourclients receive the best service possible.
We are targeting self-motivated individuals with a knack forproblem-solving and a drive for leadership and helping those in need. We offera highly collaborative and unique work environment with ample growthopportunities.
JobResponsibilities
Own the overall success of MOXFIVE projects through top-down oversight to ensure client satisfaction and adherence to MOXFIVE engagement standards
Work closely with MOXFIVE Technical Advisors during projects to accomplish the following:
Define project scope that establishes clear expectations ensuring client objectives are met
Ensure project economics are closely managed and clients receive budget transparency
Monitor project progress and provide detailed written daily reports on measurable tasks
Proactively coordinate with all project stakeholders and MOXFIVE Partners
Anticipate future client needs by communicating directly with clients and staying informed / documenting relevant industry trends and news
Identify opportunities for improvements and implement creative solutions to enhance internal and external processes
Develop relationships with MOXFIVE Partners to effectively manage projects and streamline working relationships
Job Skills &Qualifications
Required
Working experience managing projects
Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multitasking skills
Passion and interest in Information Technology or Cyber Security
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with internal and external parties
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office
Creative problem-solving skills
Desire to work in a fast-paced, start-up environment
Availability to work nights/weekends when needed
Ability to work on multiple projects at one time
Preferred
Bachelor's Degree in appropriate field of study or equivalent work experience
Experience working with external Partners to solve complex technical problems
Experience coordinating logistical solutions with multiple external parties
Experience working with scalable service platform offerings
Perks
Collaborative, team-oriented culture
Remote work available
Competitive compensation and bonus plan
Health/Dental/Vision benefits
401K with up to 3% company match
Open PTO policy
Paid parental leave
No travel
A About MOXFIV﻿E
MOXFIVE is a specialized technical advisory firm founded tobring clarity to the complexity of cyber incidents. We optimize the incidentresponse strategy to provide unprecedented visibility, transparency, andforesight into each situation, which directly minimizes the business impact ofan attack. Our phoenix symbolizes a rebirth, and an opportunity fororganizations to learn, grow, and overcome challenges of cyber security. Ourapproach helps provide organizations a second chance by being there every stepof the way during the response process."	11322	Washington
Human Resources Manager (Employee Labor Relations)	Government of the District of Columbia	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	$107,843 - $150,979 a year	"D.C. Child and Family Services Agency (CFSA) is evolving as a national leader in child protection, foster care and adoptive services. This position is located in the Human Resources Administration, Office of the Deputy Director for Administration (ODDA) of the Child and Family Services Agency (CFSA). The Human Resources Manager, internally called HR Manager (Employee and Labor Relations) provides leadership in overseeing, directing, implementing, and evaluating the agency’s employee and labor relations programs to include providing technical guidance and advice to the senior leadership during negotiations with the labor unions and/or as needed in the daily operations of the agency; strategic planning for human resource utilization including developing policies, procedures, and guidelines; developing operating budgets; contributing to the development and maintenance of an effective employee and labor relations programs; and other services related to employee and labor relations.
Duties and Responsibilities
Manages all ELR programs/projects and maintains all statistical data and documents for analysis and reference purposes. Oversees the establishment, coordination, implementation, and maintenance of the employee relations program and/or segments for the program; evaluates and appraises the effectiveness of the program; and recommends changes in policies and procedures as needed. Oversees the development and implementation of performance evaluations and performance management program. Provides a full range of advisory services and assistance to CFSA leadership and employees to include employee conduct, performance, dispute resolutions, and other related employee-labor relations issues. Ensures that all Management Supervisory Services (MSS) employees are properly educated about the ELR related rules, procedures, and policies. Oversees all areas of Performance Management including Performance Evaluations, Performance Plans, Resolution and Reconsideration Committee (RRC) Panel Reviews, and related management training. Supports MSS staff by facilitating Administrative Staff training series.
Serves as the agency ADA and FMLA Coordinator, ensuring that needs associated with these benefits are met in a timely manner. This goal includes ensuring timely and accurate reporting of requests, claims and resolutions, and assigning work as needed to reporting specialist to ensure employees receive adequate support with regard to their medical needs; and providing supervision to specialist with regard to the acquisition, compiling, and routing of key essential documentation to HR management, leadership, and peer agencies (Office of the Chief Financial Officer, District of Columbia Office of Human Resources, Office of Disability Rights, etc.) Develops internal office operating procedures consistent with the District’s employee and labor relations program. Directs the work of subordinate staff responding to employee relations issues; reviews and approves staff recommendations. Reviews agency progressive discipline procedures and guides management in resolving work related issues affecting employee and employee performance.
Advises management and subordinate staff of rights and obligations under the District’s merit system, employee benefits entitlement, and retirement benefits availability. Provides advice, guidance, and information to employees on the policies, practices, and procedures of the employee relations program. Conducts special projects and studies for the Human Resources Director and prepares reports and recommendations. Performs a full range of supervisory functions: assigns, directs, and reviews the work of staff; evaluates staff performance; recommends promotions, status changes, awards, disciplinary actions, and terminations; plans, schedules, and coordinates work operations; addresses issues or problems related to work operations; negotiates and troubleshoots employee concerns, grievances, and other matters involved in the daily administration of labor-management problems.
Qualifications and Education
Juris Doctor or Bachelor of Law is highly preferred. Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources Management is preferred. Seven years of directly related work experience overseeing and/or performing employee and labor relations work is highly preferred.
 Demonstrable ability to provide leadership and direction in the coordination and implementation of employee and labor relations policies, procedures, and functions.
Demonstrable expertise in the application of Federal and District of Columbia Employment laws, including but not limited to: applicable District’s Personnel Manuals (DPMs), Title VII (Civil Rights Act), Executive Order 11246, FLSA, ADA, EEO, FMLA, ADEA, ERISA, NLRA, other District peer agencies (Office of Human Rights, Office of Risk Management, Office on Aging, etc.); and other applicable regulations, policies, procedures.
Advanced knowledge and ability to apply theories, concepts, standards, and principles of employment and the associated laws, rules, regulations, policies, and procedures.
Demonstrable knowledge of and ability to apply negotiating principles, techniques, and practices to include skills and experience in collective bargaining.
Knowledge of personnel management to include staffing and recruitment, Federal and District position classification systems and District pay plans.
Excellent oral and written communication skills to be able to provide briefings and write concise reports and recommendations.
Demonstrable analytical skills to evaluate and synthesize information and develop plans, reports, and recommendations.
Demonstrable knowledge of the organizational mission, objectives, structure, and functions of CFSA.
Demonstrable ability to develop professional working relationships throughout the Agency and with outside officials.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and PeopleSoft applications.
Licenses and Certifications
SHRM certification or its equivalent is highly preferred.
Other Significant Factors
Tour of Duty: 8:15am - 4:45pm Qualified individuals must ensure flexibility as it relates to the Tour of Duty.
Duration of Appointment: This is a Management Supervisory Service (MSS), “At-Will” Appointment. All positions and appointments in the Management Supervisory Service serve at the pleasure of the appointing authority and may be terminated at any time with or without cause.
Pay Plan, Series, and Grade: MSS-201-14
Collective Bargaining Unit (Non-Union): This position is not covered under the collective bargaining agreement.
Promotion Potential: No known promotion potential
Please Note: Human Resources will conduct resume screenings every 10 days.
Position Designation: This position is deemed as “security” sensitive and “emergency” pursuant to DCMR 6B Section 412 and is subject to a criminal background check, traffic records check, and consumer credit check (as applicable), reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol test, and post-accident or incident drug and alcohol test.
Residency Requirement: If the position you are applying for is in the Career, Management Supervisory, or Educational Service at an annual salary of one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) or more, you must establish residency in the District of Columbia within one hundred eighty (180) days of the effective date of the appointment and continue to maintain residency within the District of Columbia throughout the duration of the appointment.
EEO Statement: The District of Columbia Government is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, matriculation, physical handicap, or political affiliation.
Closing Statement: Official Job Offers are made by the D.C. Child and Family Services Agency's Human Resources Only."	11322	Washington
Part-time Retail Employee	The Container Store Inc.	Washington, DC 20016 (American University Park area)	None	"Overview:

Our part-time positions are involved in registers, sales, merchandising and order processing.
Schedules can include daytime, evenings, weekends, and early mornings.
What We Stand For
Established in 1978, The Container Store has grown to be the leading specialty retailer of storage and organization products in the United States and the only national retailer solely devoted to the category. We provide creative, multifunctional, customizable storage and organization solutions that help our customers save time, save space and improve the quality of their lives.
We foster an employee-first culture built around our Foundation Principles, which define how we approach our relationships with our employees, vendors, customers and communities and influence every aspect of our business.
Responsibilities:
In registers and sales, you are….
Engaging with customers at the register, offering product information and sharing promotions as a brand ambassador
On the salesfloor engaging in thoughtful conversations with customers while maintaining the visual appearance of the store
Collaborating and communicating with customers to present projects and customized plans in a clear and professional manner
Keeping pace with customers, balancing multiple priorities and using good judgment to manage time
 In merchandising, you are…
Organizing and ensuring we have a well-presented store
Merchandising products, unloading trucks, lifting boxes, climbing ladders and cleaning the store
Working with a great team, surrounded by lively music, resulting in a huge sense of accomplishment
 Processing Customer Orders, you are…
Pulling product for customers’ orders in a timely manner
Maintaining the stockroom to ensure it is organized to support visual and selling efforts of the store
Communicating and following up with customers on issues regarding their orders, all the way through resolution
Carrying orders to customers cars for contactless pickup
The Benefits of Working Here
Our benefits exemplify our commitment to an employee-first culture, ensuring employees and their families are well taken care of, safe and secure. Some of our benefits include:
Competitive Pay
Medical/Dental/Vision Plans
Discount: 50% on Elfa, 40% on Merchandise and Gift Cards, 25% on Avera and Laren
Paid Time Off plus Holidays
401(k) plan
Ongoing training including our Leadership Development Program and Manager Training Program
Employee First Fund: providing grants to employees experiencing unforeseen emergencies

Qualifications:

What You Bring To Us
You love to engage with people.
You are passionate about connecting with customers and your team to provide clear, concise, compassionate communication.
You love a fast-paced environment and doing a variety of jobs throughout your work day.
You enjoy organizing and helping customers find solutions.
You are always learning! You are eager to learn how technology and selling work together to provide an exceptional customer experience.
You take pride in your work. It’s your store!
You understand retail is an ever-changing industry and remain flexible with your schedule.
You want to delight the people around you and can’t wait to share that at The Container Store!
You are at least 18 years of age.
The Container Store promotes a smoke-free, drug-free environment.
We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act
Stores Physical Requirements
State Specific Notices"	11322	Washington
IT Program Manager	QVine Corporation	Herndon, VA	None	"Perform day-to-day management of the program, and develop long-term and strategic objectives to ensure customer requirements are satisfied. Perform horizontal integration planning, and interface with other functional areas, ensure that technical solutions and schedules are implemented in a timely manner.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Direct daily operations of department, including analyzing workflows, establishing priorities, developing standards and setting deadlines.
Assign and review the work of all computer-related team members.

Ensure that all tasks are completed on schedule, customer tasking guidance is clear and unambiguous, contract personnel are qualified to perform the tasks, and potential personnel problems are prevented.

Review and approve all systems charts and programs prior to their execution.

Analyze computer and information needs of customer organizations, including operational and strategic perspectives. Define immediate and long-term personnel and equipment requirements.

Coordinate problem resolution with various task managers, coordinate schedules, new resource requirements, training needs, and task clarification.

Develop computer information resources, providing for data security and control, strategic computing, and disaster recovery.

Plan and coordinate activities such as installation and upgrading of hardware and software, programming and systems design, development of computer networks, and implementation of Internet and intranet sites.

Establish and apply streamlined processes and procedures that enable team to rapidly respond to surge requirements for increased contract personnel. Assure SLA requirements are met.

Possess knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources, economic and accounting principles and practices and the financial market.
QVine corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer— M/R/D/V"	11322	Washington
DC Project Manager	CRISP Shared Services, Inc	Washington, DC	None	"Description:

CRISP serves as the Designated Health Information Exchange (HIE) for Maryland and Washington, D.C., with affiliates in West Virginia, Connecticut, and Alaska. CRISP facilitates the electronic transfer of clinical information between disparate information systems in order to positively impact the healthcare system through improved patient care and outcomes, reduced costs, and data-driven understanding of regional public health concerns.
The Project Manager will be responsible for supporting Health IT and projects in the Washington, D.C. region. They will provide critical, day-to-day project management of grant programs in D.C. and support a multi-region senior project manager who will be working on shared efforts across D.C., MD, and West Virginia. This role will require coordination and partnership with various teams, including government agencies, providers, and community benefit organizations.
The successful applicant will have the opportunity to play a major role in the HIT enabled transformation of healthcare. Read more about what we do:
CRISP website
The Ever-Shifting Outlook for HIEs Shifts Once Again | Healthcare Innovation (hcinnovationgroup.com)
National Coordinator Micky Tripathi on the Future of HIEs
. Requirements:

Essential duties/responsibilities include the following. Other duties and special project may be assigned.Define scope of new projects or initiativesDevelop documents needed for project (e.g. requirements, statements of work, etc.)Gather requirements from and communicate regularly with stakeholders, including consumer representatives, to ensure business needs are met by implemented solutionsCoordinate/liaise with technical teams to ensure the work is completed on-time and on-budgetCommunicate project status to internal and external stakeholdersUnderstand implications of policy on projects and needed agreements/policy changes

Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, the incumbent must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Required Skills
Strong project management, written and verbal communication skillsA self-starter who works well independentlyAbility to quickly understand technical conceptsAbility to gather requirements and manage priorities (individually and for a team)Ability to prioritize and manage multiple job duties, including personal time management and organization skillsA desire to be great and a track record of setting and achieving goals is required
Preferred Skills
Experience with program management and administrationBasic understanding of health information technology and/or health information exchangeBusiness analysis experience
Education and/or Experience4-year college degree, Master’s Degree Preferred3+ years of work experience, preferably in a healthcare or public health-related field"	11322	Washington
Program Manager	Alutiiq	Washington, DC 20226 (Downtown area)	None	"The Project Manager shall direct and review the work of all personnel each workday. The PM will be familiar enough with the duties of all positions so that he/she can evaluate the performance of employees, the effectiveness of operations, and provide backup tasks to Cleaners and Day Porter performance, if it becomes necessary. Additionally, the PM will ensure contract deliverables are correctly prepared and submitted on time; those employees properly identify themselves as contract employees; ensure employees complete Company and Government directed training as required; ensure employees correctly note work hours each day as required; approve personal leave; and approve timesheets at the close of each time reporting period.
Primary/Major Duties and Responsibilities (Essential Functions):
Shall have a positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills, tact, problem-solving abilities, and the ability to prioritize competing situations in the best interests of the Census serviced population.
Shall know all contract requirements as noted in the Performance Work Statement and ensure all employees know them, as well.
Assign employees as needed to perform tasks associated with the required housekeeping of assigned buildings.
Effectively delegate contract activities to ensure the timely execution and delivery of required tasks and deliverables.
Maintain open communications with the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) and key personnel to ensure that all performance requirements are met.
Serves as a liaison between Alutiiq Corporate and the COR.
Perform other related duties incidental to the contract performance and as directed by the COR and Alutiiq Corporate.
Promptly notify the Alutiiq Corporate Management Team of any requested performance that is not within the scope of the PWS.
Ensure compliance with all regulatory guidelines (environmental, health, and safety).
Develop, evaluate, and implement new processes/procedures as deemed necessary to improve the efficiency of the staff while ensuring performance standards are met.
Ensure all employees’ skills and abilities grow throughout the lifecycle of their employment/support of the Ronald Reagan Janitorial Services Contract.
Ensure employees are aware of, understand, and follow all Company and Government policies, practices and procedures.
Develop work Schedules and adjustments thereto prior to execution, if possible, to ensure required daily, monthly, quarterly, and yearly tasks are covered when required to be performed.
Establish a training methodology, which gives employees proper training and the necessary tools needed for successful performance.
Continually evaluate employee performance and provide timely counselling when performance is deficient.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE:
Must possess all skills necessary to ensure that employees provide service in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contract.
Must possess a minimum two year's supervisory experience and education can be substituted for experience.
Shall have at least three (10) years of janitorial experience.
Must be proficient in the use of Microsoft Word and Excel.
Must have excellent oral and written communication skills."	11322	Washington
Operations Manager	General Dynamics Information Technology	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	$104,000 - $156,000 a year	"Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular
This position is not yet funded
Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
We are seeking a proven leader with a broad skillset that can lead a large Information Technology Service Delivery organization, drive new business growth, and build collaborative relationships to understand our customers evolving needs. In this role, you will function as the Operations Manager on a program responsible for the delivery of Enterprise Application Information Technology Lifecycle Services to the Analysis & Production (A&P) Community of Interest (COI). This includes:
Provide Program Manager with support by overseeing operations on the Task Order to ensure all applications are up and functioning to the satisfaction of the customer
Provides technical support and/or leadership in the creation and delivery of technology solutions
Facilitate and/or brief multiple meetings or forums weekly and or monthly
Communicate risk posture and project information to stakeholders
Drive effective teamwork, communication, collaboration and commitment across multiple disparate groups with competing priorities
Maintain organizational situational awareness and initiate actions to improve or restore services for customer’s systems.
Required Skills / Experience:
BS in (Business, IT or Information management) + 10 years’ experience or 18 YOE
Experience in infrastructure, server-side application, and client-side application monitoring
Ability to analyze and effectively prioritize needs, requirements and other issues
Strong risk management skills, excellent communication, teamwork, leadership and conflict management skills
Significant experience working with Enterprise level customers
Demonstrated success improving, optimizing, standardizing, and streamlining customer support processes that yielded improvements in customer satisfaction and resulted in cost reductions.
Demonstrated experience and proven success implementing changes, processes, and standards to improve an enterprise-wide service support.
Experience with IT operations support technologies.
Experience providing performance-based customer service support against multiple performance metrics in the government clients.
Security Clearance:
TS/SCI required with CI Polygraph
The likely salary range for this position is $104,000 - $156,000, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range.
View information about benefits and our total rewards program.
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	11322	Washington
Social Media Content Creator (Remote)	Pinnacle Group	McLean, VA	$37 an hour	"Title: Social Media Content Creator
Client : HILTON
Location: McLean, VA
Rate : $ 37 / hour on W2
Duration: 6 months


Must be able to work on W2


Job Description:
Client is seeking an energetic and skilled Social Media Content Creator to support Client’s social media team in the production of engaging content for Client’s social platforms.
Specifically, the Content Creator will write copy, create custom graphics, illustrations, memes, gifs, and videos for client social handles.
The right candidate has a passion for travel, social media, and storytelling and has the ability to create innovative original content end-to-end.
Candidate will conceptualize, write, design, and execute creative solutions for social media that consistently and clearly communicate the Client portfolio brand identity, positioning, and messaging.
Candidate will primarily report to the Sr. Art Director, client Creative Studio, and will also have a dotted line into the Sr. Manager, Social Engagement.
Candidate will support real-time social needs primarily, but also support planned projects that drive consumer awareness, engagement, preference, and loyalty with client’s and client 18 brands as needed.
The ideal candidate will have a social-first mindset, with proven experience creating social content.
Candidate possess a balanced blend of skills across design, animation, copywriting, and project management.
Candidate is up on social and cultural trends, able to ideate, execute and iterate quickly with feedback from stakeholders.

More specifically, candidate will be responsible for:
Support the social media team in adapting real-time trends and proactive story ideas into social-first assets.
Social listening
Design, build, and illustrate graphics and elements for Client’s social platforms (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest)
Create quick-turn, reactive content for opportunistic moments in culture and online.
Brainstorm, pitch and conceptualize original content ideas for Client’s social media platforms.
Craft copy in accordance with brand tone and voice guidelines.
Work collectively with Client’s Creative Studio on cross-disciplinary projects.
Understand client brands, target audiences, and competitor activities.
Manage the storytelling behind each creative output to ensure it is clear, concise, snackable, and true to the content.
Collaborate with the Loyalty, Enterprise, and Brand marketing teams along with other members of internal Client Creative Studio to understand business objectives, marketing objectives, and creative needs.
Evolve, revise, or redevelop content in response to feedback from internal stakeholders.
Balance multiple projects successfully to meet deadlines and collaborate across multiple stakeholders with different priorities.
Adhere to Client’s brand identity standards and guidelines, while helping to inform the evolution and extension of the written and visual identity.
Use campaign performance data to understand the effectiveness of campaigns and apply key learnings to future campaigns.
Be aware of social media trends and formats, while also producing new template and design approaches.

Client is looking for:
To fulfill this role successfully, candidate should demonstrate the following minimum qualifications:
Strong portfolio showing a range of experience, concepts, written and visual styles.
Proven ability to create for social media is desired.
Demonstrated understanding of current social media best practices — Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, TikTok, Snapchat and a willingness to explore emerging platforms
Minimum of 3 years relative to Copy and Design experience, preferably in a design firm, advertising, or in-house creative department.
Experience working with a marketing department or social media team, understanding of business objectives, and ability to find creative solutions to help achieve objectives.
Knowledge of copy and design fundamentals, and messaging hierarchy.
Ability to develop or present or pitch creative ideas
Strong working knowledge of Adobe Suite.
Understanding of social media management and listening tools such as Sprinklr and Brandwatch
Ability to process and produce multiple projects in a short time frame- resizing art or layout accordingly to specs
Exceptional communication skills with the ability to work in a team environment
Strong creative, organizational problem solving
Experience developing rich media and other forms of online advertising
Must be able to apply style guides creatively while upholding brand identity
Strong attention to detail.
Self-starter.
A positive attitude and a collaborative personality.

It would be helpful in this position for candidate to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions:
Animation (AfterEffects and/or HTML5) and Video production experience is a plus
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Have an interest in popular culture, new trends and styles
Experience working at a creative agency
Experience in hospitality or consumer brands

Note:
This is a unique role and will be primarily on the Client Creative Studio team but also sit partially on client Social Media Strategy team.
Client is expecting this candidate to be involved in the creation of Real Time social content.
Someone who has a pulse on social conversations can can create extremely quickly and has a blend of skills — can write, design and animate in order to help create timely, relevant, witty content quickly.
The Real-Time component of this role will be about 60% of their time.
The other 40% of their time will be on creative projects that come through to the Studio.
Portfolios and examples of work must show social content to be considered.
Please make sure it's clearly articulated what the candidate’s role is and make sure that they are not just a designer, not just a writer, not just an animator, but really a blend of capabilities.
Experience with Animation (AfterEffects) is desired too."	11322	Washington
IT Project Manager	Keller	Hanover, MD 21076	None	"Company Logo:

Overview:

Keller is the world’s largest geotechnical solutions specialist. With a turnover in 2019 of £2.2 billion and around 10,000 employees world-wide, Keller has a permanent presence in more than 40 countries on five continents. Our products are used across the construction sector in infrastructure, industrial, commercial residential and environmental projects. With our full range of technologies and strong engineering capability, we also offer design and build solutions to meet each project's specific requirements. The main categories of products we provide are: Ground improvement; Grouting; Heavy foundations; Earth retention; Post-tension systems; Instrumentation and Monitoring and our services cover programme/project delivery, technical design and expertise and targeted data analytics
Responsibilities:

The Project Manager is accountable to and works in conjunction with sponsors, initiative owners, functional leaders and where appropriate partners to ensuring the successful delivery and management of assigned projects within scope, quality, time, and budget constraints. These constraints may be clearly defined or require dynamic change management to deliver the business value. The PM is responsible for ensuring all stated deliverables are met according to the project plan. The PM will work closely with work stream leads to set the timeline and deliverables and cadence of touchpoints.
Key Results / Accountabilities expected from role:
Analyse project proposals to determine time frame, funding limitations and appropriate process for accomplishing projects.
Identify and schedule project deliverables, milestones, and required activities and tasks.
Provide leadership and motivation to project team members throughout the project life cycle and confer with project staff to outline work plan.
Establish work plan and staffing for project activities, iterations, or phases.
Implement project communication plan.
Perform risk assessment and implement mitigation plans.
Monitor project activities, ensuring the currency, quality and integrity of the information, while providing consistency in content and “look and feel” across the enterprise.
Ensure that project goals are accomplished and are in line with business objectives.
Assign duties, responsibilities and scope of authority to project personnel.
Direct and coordinate activities of project personnel to ensure that the project progresses on schedule and within budget.
Review status reports prepared by project personnel and modify schedules or plans as required.
Establish standards and procedures for project reporting and documentation
Continuously benchmark project management performance to identify improvements and achieve higher capability maturity in project and portfolio management.
Communicate with various members of the organization and project team including project sponsors, key stakeholders, business analysts, end users and external partners.
Qualifications:
1. Bachelor’s or degree in computer science, information systems or a related field
2. 3 years of IT experience with sensitivity and commitment towards business problem solving.
3. 2 years of demonstrated competency in a project management role involving the execution of multiple projects or a large critical project.
4. Knowledge of project management methodologies and project-planning tools.
5. Demonstrated experience working with a diverse cross functional team.
6. Strong people management and communication skills across all levels of the organisation.
7. Effective influencing and negotiating skills in an environment where this role may not directly control resources.
8. Strong influencing skills – able to network effectively across all functions and suppliers and cultures.
9. Strong knowledge and understanding of business needs, with the ability to establish and maintain a high level of trust and confidence.
10. Demonstrated ability to develop and execute a project resource plan that ensures that the right people are in the right place doing the right things at the right time.
11. High level of initiative and self-motivation but also able to follow the agreed way of working.
12. Ability to work well under pressure.
13. Experience in project/contracting based organisations a plus.
14. Project manager training and certification desirable, but not required.
Kell
Keller is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We encourage qualified women, minorities, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and others to apply.
Equal Employment Opportunity"	11322	Washington
SCC Project Manager	Yakshna Solutions	Herndon, VA 20170	$112,000 a year	"-
ID Job Title Job Description

5866605 SCC Project Manager
Our Virginia local state client is looking for an SCC - Project Manager 5 in Richmond, VA for full time, long term engagement. If interested, please submit your resume ASAP
SCC seeks a Senior Project Manager for implementation phase of the Virginia Health Benefit Exchange (Exchange Project).
Local candidates are HIGHLY preferred.
Depending on what Covid restrictions are in place when this person will start, they will likely sit remote until it is safe to return to the office. After that, this position is 100% onsite.
SCC seeks a Senior Project Manager for implementation phase of the Virginia Health Benefit Exchange (Exchange Project). The Exchange Project is to transition Virginia from a Federally Facilitated State Exchange to a State-Based Exchange on the Federal Platform (SBE-FP) meeting all transitional, legal, technological, and operational requirements by open enrollment on November 1, 2020. A team of around 25 are performing the necessary transition activities within 16 defined work streams.
Job responsibilities include coordination of the project workstreams through completion, ensuring that requirements are managed and met, maintenance of project objectives and timeline, tracking progress and setting parameters around deadlines, and logistical support of the teams.
The PM will keep leadership informed of key issues that may impact completion and be responsible for developing resolutions.
Skills required:
Risk and Issue Management – 5 years
Scope Management -5 years
Stakeholder Identification and Management -5 years
Schedule Management (including precedents and dependencies)- 5 years
Status Reporting -5 years
Budget Management – 5 years
Experience and certifications:
5 Years of experience in leading large, high-profile projects
PMP certification required
Bachelor’s degree in applicable discipline, or the equivalent is required.
Experience working in a structured Project Management Office
Experience in the entire project management lifecycle, from Initiation to Close-Out
Experience working in Government, Health Care or Insurance preferred
Location: 1300 E Broad Street, Richmond VA 23219
Annual Salary: $112K, plus Benefits
YSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Please e-mail your profile / referrals to resumes@yakshna.com"	11322	Washington
Project Manager	Spatial Front	Washington, DC 20590 (South West area)	None	"About the Company:

Spatial Front, Inc is the fast-growing small company providing IT solutions to federal, state, local governments, and the private sector. SFI is nationally recognized by Inc. Magazine by being awarded the Inc. 5000 Award in 2018, 2019, and 2020. We pride ourselves on being one of the premier employers in the VA, MD, DC area.
SFI is an industry leader in delivering cutting-edge technical solutions and mission support services that bring our customer’s businesses to the forefront of the 21st century. Our corporate commitment to excellence in client services and product development means that our people are attentive, hands-on, and bring industry-leading expertise that will meet and exceed your needs in a straightforward, timely, and cost-effective manner.
Every employee at SFI is a leader. We don’t settle. We blaze our own path and inspire those around us into action. We motivate others to reach their full potential. To learn more about us visit: www.spatialfront.com


 We are looking for outstanding Project Managers (Multiple positions). This is a full time position. Minimal travel may be required.
Responsibilities:

Provide project management leadership and vision in a PMO setup.
Understand software development lifecycle (SDLC) and agile software development methodology.
Develop and manage a clear and detailed project plan.
Manage multiple projects and apply common standards and processes to the execution of projects.
Coordinate between project managers and the scheduling and tracking of projects.
Monitor program progress, issues, risks and reports.
Oversee and manage program budget and contract administration.
Serve as the primary point of contact to the CO and COR on all matters.
Provide supervision and guidance to personnel as appropriate.
Prepare and/or give presentations and briefings.


Qualifications:

Bachelor degree is required.
Project Management Professional (PMP), Program Management Professional (PgMP) or equivalent is desirable.
5 year project management experience.

Possess strong interpersonal and customer service skills.
Strong software development background including Agile SDLC.
Scrum Master certification or SAFe agilest is a plus.
EVM knowledge is a plus.
Possess strong problem solving skills and be able to quickly address and resolve a variety of issues
Ability to pass a US Public Trust background investigation for access to the client site and computing systems.


Compensation
Our employees are our greatest asset and we are committed to their professional development and growth. We provide competitive salaries, bonuses, excellent benefit packages, and paid time off to balance work and personal commitments.
Visit our website at www.spatialfront.com for more information or to apply.
Spatial Front is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer, committed to developing a diversified workforce."	11322	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11322	Washington
Area Manager, Amazon (Military Veterans Encouraged to Apply)	Amazon.com Services LLC	Waldorf, MD	None	"
A Bachelor's Degree or 2+ years Amazon (blue badge/FTE) experience
2+ years of direct management experience for employees and their performance
Work a flexible schedule/shift/work area, including weekends, nights, and/or holidays

Basic Qualifications

You have a completed bachelor’s degree or 2+ years of Amazon experience
You are authorized to work in the US without sponsorship.
You take ownership in your work and team and are available to work overtime during Amazon’s peak holiday season and as needed year-round. In addition, you are flexible to work on any type of assigned shift (nights, weekends, etc.).
You pride yourself in leading others; you have direct management experience and have been responsible for your employees’ performance.
You have an eye for efficiency and have experience identifying and executing process improvement initiatives.

ABOUT AMAZON

At Amazon, we have a peculiar culture built on pioneering into unknown and new frontiers. From selling books to creating the Kindle; from making films to launching faster delivery, Amazon reinvents normal. After selling the first book in 1995, we have grown at an incredible rate and have become the universe’s most customer-centric company. By hiring those who take risks and find fulfillment through making the impossible commonplace, Amazon cultivates a culture of innovation. Every employee at Amazon has the power to forge their own path and to have a true impact on the business…and we find that exhilarating!
Read more about us at amazon.com/about

When we hire you at Amazon, we hire for the future. With unlimited career opportunities, Amazon invests in ensuring our teams are always challenged, constantly learning from each other, and are creatively contributing to our next big idea. You will be surrounded by the best innovators of our time and we welcome you to make history with us regardless of minority, female, gender identity, disability, or sexual orientation. We value diversity!
See why diversity is important to us at amazon.com/diversity

ABOUT AMAZON OPERATIONS

Operations is at the heart of Amazon business. We are known for our speed, accuracy, and exceptional service. Our buildings deliver tens of thousands of products to hundreds of countries worldwide, every day. In these key roles, you’ll come help us exceed productivity goals and deliver against our customer promises. Our scale is expansive and our presence is growing - some of our centers across the United States and Canada are over 1 million square feet! Our goal is simple: to offer the world’s greatest selection of products and services with the world’s best customer experience.
Watch videos on our team members at youtube.com/playlist?list=PLu6W86LChii5Lgzcbu8iF8Nc35u_vOtCQ

ABOUT THE ROLE

As an Area Manager, you will have the opportunity to lead and develop your own team of Amazon Associates; one of your main focuses will be motivating, mentoring, and coaching your team. You will be responsible for engaging your team during a shift to maintain the highest levels of safety, quality, attendance performance and engagement are maintained. To achieve this, managers are expected to provide their associates with the tools needed for success as well as keenly drive productivity and efficiency through data-driven decisions and analytical problem-solving. Key responsibilities include:

Supporting all safety programs and OSHA compliance to ensure a safe work environment for all Associates
Developing performance goals and objectives to achieve customer promise expectations and ensure accuracy and quality
Partnering with the management team to establish and maintain quality control standards
Proactively identifying and leading process improvement initiatives and Lean tools
Building and executing productivity plans by reviewing work forecasts, determining productivity requirements, and partnering with other Area Managers to balance labor
Leading and developing a team of Amazon associates
Communicating policies to associates and act as the primary information source for the team, maintaining compliance and consistency and taking corrective action when needed
Ensuring procedures are followed for building security and product loss prevention
Creating, managing, and supporting recognition and communication programs

Preferred Qualifications

You have a bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Operations, or a related field.
You have over 3 years of management experience in a manufacturing, production or distribution environment.
You are leader and exhibit that in you every day work. You not only have experience in managing a team of 30+ employees, you also lead process improvements though Lean process, Kaizen, and Six Sigma.
You have the ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment, and when given a deadline you know how to motivate yourself and meet it.
You don’t hesitate in public speaking or writing a paper. You have strong verbal and written communication skills.
You enjoy analytical work and using data to provide thought-provoking and workable solutions. Data is what you look to when given a problem to solve.
You typically volunteer to lead projects and help your team achieve goals. You have a track record of taking ownership and driving results.
You like adventures and taking risks. You are willing to relocate to any of our sites in the country with the assistance provided.
You see value in long term thinking and large scale impact to a company. You have interest in developing a long-term career through assignments in multiple operational buildings across the nation.

We are committed to developing a diverse workforce and we are even more committed to working with you to make that happen. Depending on the type of job, you will be required to engage in physical warehouse activities given reasonable accommodation. These activities include the following:

Lifting and moving material up to 49 pounds each
Bending, lifting, stretching and reaching both below the waist and above the head
Frequent walking in the building and around area; facilities are over a quarter mile in length
Standing and walking for up to 10-12 hours a day
Ascending and descending ladders, stairs, and gangways safely and without limitation

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	11322	Washington
IT PMO Generalist	Lime	Washington, DC	None	"Lime's mission is to realize a future for transportation that is shared, electric and carbon-free. As the world's leading provider of shared electric vehicles, Lime partners with cities to deploy electric bikes, scooters and mopeds to serve any trip under five miles. One of Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential Companies in 2021, Lime has powered more than 200 million rides in more than 150 cities across five continents, spurring a new generation of clean alternatives to car ownership. Learn more at li.me
We're looking for an experienced Program Manager to support our growing Information Technology team.

In this role, you will be a key leader within our organization and have overall responsibility for program management of the IT product portfolio, creating an environment of innovation and product excellence, grow the IT PMO team in line with business objective, including implementation of relevant processes and tools, be responsible for key financials, and work with procurement and other leaders for critical vendor negotiations and agreements in addition to supporting the SOX/Compliance initiatives.
The ideal candidate should have work experience in chaotic fast paced environments and is open to learning and adapting to changing business needs and technology stack. The candidate will be given the opportunity to establish, build and grow relationships with executives.

What You'll Do
 Management of the portfolio of IT projects and lead one or more of the critical IT programs that are integral to the success of the IT
Create and maintain regular portfolio updates (i.e.: weekly, monthly, quarterly)
Building and maintaining relationships with adjacent teams in other functions to ensure success of Enterprise Applications deployments, infrastructure programs, and critical security initiatives.
Be responsible for budgetary activities including the costed bill of materials, the program budgets, PMO budgets (headcount, expense, etc.)
Partner with other Program leaders within IT and outside to ensure strong collaboration across other peer team members and peer PMs
About You
5+ years experience in Program Management
IT industry experience is desired but not necessary
Strong technical aptitude which is necessary to drive program deliveryExcellent communication (written, spoken) at all levels of the enterprise
Lime is an Equal Opportunity Employer, but that’s only the start. We want people with different backgrounds, abilities, identities, and mindsets to join us—not just to do great work, but to build a better, more representative world."	11322	Washington
Security Specialist	PCAOB	Washington, DC	None	"It's rewarding to work for a mission-driven organization! Join us at the forefront of investor protection.
Our Mission
The PCAOB oversees the audits of public companies and SEC-registered brokers and dealers in order to protect investors and further the public interest in the preparation of informative, accurate, and independent audit reports.
Job Description Summary
The Security Specialist is located in the Washington, DC office and reports to the Senior Manager, Safety, Security, and Preparedness in Washington, DC. This role will provide 24/7 safety and security support to all PCAOB employees and offices and will directly manage various safety and security programs to provide general security and safety management support.
Responsibilities
This position covers a broad range of responsibilities in which the incumbent can be assigned any or all of the following:
Work closely with the Senior Manager, Safety, Security and Preparedness in the management of day-to-day safety and security needs of the PCAOB, following company policies and procedures.
Review and execute safety and security service requests from service request systems. Make independent decisions or consult with management as to the resolution of the request.
Responsible for coordinating scheduled maintenance, cleaning and minor repairs or adjustments to electronic devices, including but not limited to access control, video surveillance, and intrusion detection devices.
Manage and maintain the life safety program, coordinating with associated vendors as required. Provide training certifications in First Aid, CPR and AED to employees who have completed required raining.
Manage the secure document destruction and storage program including retrieval, submissions, and disposals.
Manage facility keys, maintaining accurate key logs and inventories for all sites.
Manage the new hire security process including employee photos, badge provisioning, and key distribution.
Manage and administer access control and visitor management systems controlling access to the PCAOB sites and issuing security badges as required.
Lead the management of the Security Operations Center, monitor access control and CCTV systems 24 hours a day, 7 days a week providing direction on behalf of the PCAOB to vendors, making independent decisions, and providing recommendations to management, as necessary, in the event of a security incident.
Manage and direct all aspects of the PCAOB security guard contract. Participate in the selection of the security vendor.
Coordinate security escorts for facility vendors as required during and after business hours.
Administer and provide training for the emergency notification system.
Maintain the Safety Data Sheet (SDS) repository and physical SDS binders.
Responsible for the management, scheduled maintenance, cleaning, and minor repairs of the PCAOB’s life safety equipment, including but not limited to fire extinguishers, AEDs, first aid kits,
Manage and coordinate the installation of ergonomic equipment as requested. Occasionally conduct ergonomic assessments and engage with Human Resources as required.
Serve as member of the Washington, DC Emergency Management Team. Participate in the planning, process and evaluation of emergency drills and building evacuations..
Collect and interpret data to produce safety and security reports and spreadsheets as needed.
Plan and execute audits of the access control, key management, emergency notification, document destruction and secure storage systems at all PCAOB sites.
Serve as a backup to the Senior Manager, Safety, Security, and Preparedness, as required.
Develop and update security procedural documents as requested.
Report maintenance or safety issues to property management via appropriate channels.
Maintain inventory of essential parts and equipment to ensure repairs and installation in a timely manner.
Build requisitions and review/approve invoices for various Facilities vendors.
Participate in safety and security related projects and initiatives, manage assigned projects.
Perform other duties as necessary.
Qualifications
Education/Technical Expertise
Bachelor's degree required and/or equivalent training/experience.
Minimum of 2+ years of practical work facility or security management.
Experience in Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Teams, SharePoint, and Project applications.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in Lenel/S2 security and CCTV monitoring systems preferred
Skills and Abilities
Strong written/oral communication and interpersonal skills.
Excellent customer service skills.
Must be flexible, dependable and able to work independently with limited supervision.
Self-motivated, with excellent organizational skills and the ability to multi-task and prioritize work appropriately.
Ability to meet deadlines and make effective decisions.
Ability to handle confidential matters with professionalism and discretion. Ability to lift 25 pounds.
Ability to work non-standard hours.
Ability to obtain First Aid, CPR, and AED Instructor’s certification in first nine months of employment.
Ability to travel up to 10%
Our Values
As we seek to accomplish our mission and implement our vision, we expect integrity, pursue excellence, operate with effectiveness, embrace collaboration, and demand accountability.
Equal Employment Opportunity
All PCAOB employees are entitled to equal opportunity and a professional work environment, free of discrimination and harassment. A workplace free of discrimination is fundamental to professional success and to the PCAOB's mission. The PCAOB will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law."	11322	Washington
Operations Manager	TROIKA ENTERTAINMENT	Rockville, MD	None	"In the office
TROIKA Entertainment is currently seeking an experienced, detail orientated, and imaginative individual for the position of Operations Manager with 3+ plus years of experience in theatrical administration/operations and accounting/finance. As an instrumental member of the Troika team, the Operations Manager will oversee the day-to-day operations of the TROIKA office and be responsible for TROIKA Entertainment’s policies and procedures. The Operations Manager will play a key role in tracking and communicating with investors, supporting the accounting team, and ensuring all systems and processes are working smoothly across multiple shows and the TROIKA office on an ongoing basis.

Principal Responsibilities:

Defines, implements and revises operational policies and procedures in conjunction with the executive team.
Works with the human resource company to create and maintain job descriptions, hire competent personnel, implement staff evaluation parameters and onboard personnel.
Manages tour investor files and paperwork for initial investments, investment tracking and return of capital; ensuring all information has been received.
Ensures proper training on IT systems, policies and procedures for all TROIKA staff.
Maintain dual supervision of the office coordinator/executive assistant and provide support as needed.
Supports the accounting team as needed with weekly payrolls, settlements and reports.
Liaise with HR company, insurance representatives and employees on all TROIKA insurance policies including health, dental, 401K and business insurance.
Provide oversight for all information technology accounts and user licenses.
Supports Finance Director in negotiation of contracts for all IT and operational vendors.
Liaise with outside vendors to remedy issues, solve problems and to ensure smooth operations companywide.
Maintain the TROIKA employee handbook.
Provide support for all diversity and inclusion efforts across the organization.
Create, maintain and serve as a reference for all health and safety policies and procedures across the organization.
Requirements:

The ideal candidate will have strong people skills with a demonstrated experience in managing multiple projects at once. The candidate must be proficient in Microsoft Office, all forms of communication, time management and all other industry related skills. They will also be a team player and a strategic, curious and positive thinker. They should be proficient in all aspects of business operations and will be flexible and collaborative while having the capacity to manage multiple tasks and remain calm and collected at all times. They will be able to maintain a professional outlook and demeanor while having fun at the office. A working knowledge of Sage Intacct and the Broadway touring theater industry is considered a plus.
About TROIKA Entertainment

TROIKA Entertainment is a theatrical production company producing touring musical theatre productions throughout North America and internationally. We are based in Rockville, MD a suburb of Washington DC. The location of our corporate office provides the comfort of suburban living while being easily accessible to NYC by train. We offer a competitive compensation package commensurate with experience, which includes a comprehensive benefits package. Periodic weekend and evening work is expected. For more information please visit our website at www.troika.com.
All applicants should send an updated resume and cover letter to: careers@troika.com

TROIKA Entertainment LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We will extend equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation and gender identity), national origin, disability, age, genetic information, or any other status protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws. Our policy reflects and affirms our Company’s commitment to the principles of fair employment and the elimination of all discriminatory practices."	11322	Washington
IT SPECIALIST (PLCYPLN)	US Defense Threat Reduction Agency	Reston, VA	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is part of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
Responsibilities
As a IT SPECIALIST (PLCYPLN) at the GS-2210-13/14 some of your typical work assignments may include:

Serves as a senior IT Specialist within the Operations & Integration Directorate, Mission Support Department, Technology Solutions Division (OI-MST) Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
Serves as Direct Operations Manager with responsibility for gathering requirements, facilitating end user process refinement, planning information technology solutions, and overseeing the implementation across the Mission IT functional areas.
Deliver MIT capability briefings to representatives from DoD, the Services, Combatant Commands, Intelligence Community, and government agencies in order to foster relationships and develop cooperative efforts.
Serves as the Subject Matter Expert (SME) of Direct Operations for the Mission Information Technology (Mission IT) within Mission Support Department, Technology Solutions Division.
Provide management and oversight of the Global Enterprise Partners (GEP), Team Phoenix, Team Avengers, Visual Modeling and Simulation (VMS), and Mission Data) Teams.
Serves as Alternate-Technical Point of Contact (ATPOC) for Mission IT (MIT). Ensuring contract compliance and oversight for contractors and conducts deliverable reviews, measure and enforce SLA standards and metrics.
Delivers Mission IT capability briefings to representatives from DOD, the Services, and Combatant Commands, Intelligence Community, and government agencies in order to foster relationships and develop cooperative efforts.
Ensure globally embedded and expeditionary Capabilities and Data Integrator (CDI) positions remain filled while pro-actively avoiding gaps in war-fighter support.
Provide advice and guidance on a wide range and variety of complex IT issues; interpreting IT policies, standards, and guidelines; conducting analyses and recommending resolution of complex issues affecting the specialty area(s); evaluating proposals for the acquisition of IT products or services; preparing and presenting reports; representing the organization in interactions with other organizations; and/or providing technical leadership on group projects.
Employee uses judgment and originality by interpreting data; planning the work; and refining the methods and techniques being used.
Manage requirements and requests for Military Training Teams (MTTs), mission support, inter-agency agreements, and globally dispersed personnel to better support Combatant Commands, Agencies, and other unit in their missions.
Also coordinates with a materiel developer to obtain information technology services; participates in change control (for example, reviewing configuration change requests); ensures appropriate product-related training and documentation are developed and made available to customers.
Reviews, coordinates and negotiates technical requirements across a wide spectrum of proponent, using, planning and implementing organizations.
Applies broad IT knowledge and extensive experience to perform responsibilities to include determining appropriate products or services with clients or customers to define project scope, requirements, and deliverables; develops, modifies, or provides input to project plans; oversees implementation of project plans to meet objectives; monitors project activities and resources to mitigate risk; and manages stakeholder expectations.
Makes improvements, solves problems, or takes corrective action when problems arise; gives presentations or briefings on all aspects of the project; participates in IPRs, design reviews, and final project reviews; identifies project documentation requirements or procedures; and facilitates IT implementation release plan
Serves as a subject matter expert in matters pertaining to information technology requirements gathering, planning, coordination with higher HQ and subordinate commands, and conducts project planning, management and implementation initiatives as assigned.
Identifies customers' information systems requirements; analyzes information systems requirements or environment; conducts analytical studies and cost-benefit analysis; evaluates, monitors, and ensures compliance with laws, regulations, policies, standards, or procedures.
Applies professional skills and knowledge to innovation of IT systems to facilitate and automate enterprise-wide business processes and collaborative capabilities across the command.
Serve as Primary Defense Travel System Action Officer and approving officer for the Technology Solutions Division.
Serve as MST's representative and manager for the Quarterly Training Requirements Board (QTRB), Quarterly Training Gap Analysis (QTGA), and Mission Essential Task List (METL).
Reviews, coordinates and negotiates technical requirements across a wide spectrum of proponent, using, planning and implementing organizations.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Travel in the performance of temporary assignments is required.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
End-User Support Specialists
Enterprise Data Manager
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. citizen
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service http://www.sss.gov
Resume and supporting documents (See How To Apply)
Suitable for Federal employment, determined by a background investigation. Must be able to obtain and maintain a TOP SECRET w/SCI security clearance.
May be required to successfully complete a probationary period
Work Schedule: Fulltime
Overtime: May be required to accommodate operational needs of the organization.
Tour of Duty: Flexible
Recruitment Incentives: Not Authorized
Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA): Exempt/Non-Exempt
Financial Disclosure: Required/Not Required
Telework Eligibility: This position is telework eligible
Must consent to and pass pre-employment drug testing and be subject to periodic drug testing thereafter.
Qualifications
You may qualify at the GS-14, if you fulfill the following qualifications:

A. One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service:
Experience with Project Management principles and practice in order to develop and assess Project Management Action Plans.
Experienced with IT policy, planning, acquisitions and management processes to identify strategic opportunities.
Experienced with employment information technology, including knowledge of computer and communications technologies.
Experienced with Global Enterprise requirements for Capabilities and Data Integrators.
You may qualify at the GS-13 if you fulfill the following qualifications:

A. One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service:
Experienced with IT policy, planning, acquisitions and management processes to identify strategic opportunities.
Experienced with employment information technology, including knowledge of computer and communications technologies.
Experienced with Global Enterprise requirements for Capabilities and Data Integrators.
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

In addition to meeting the qualification requirements for this position, all 2210 applicants must demonstrate they have experience in each of the four competencies listed below: Experience must be IT related; the experience may be demonstrated by paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training (for example, IT certification), as appropriate
Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations
Education
Substitution of education may not be used in lieu of specialized experience for this grade level.
Additional information
Re-employed Annuitant: This position does not meet criteria for re-employed annuitant. The DoD criteria for hiring Re-employed Annuitants can be found at: http://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf


All applicants must meet qualifications and eligibility criteria by the closing date of the announcement.


Interagency Career Transition Assistance Programs: This program applies to employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service or Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position; Well qualified is defined as possessing the type and quality of experience that exceeds the positions minimum qualifications. and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. For more information:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume and supporting documents, to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. We will evaluate each applicant who meets the basic qualifications on the information provided and evaluate your relevant work experiences as it relates to fundamental competencies, identified below, required for this position.

Competencies:

Data Management
Information Management
IT Program Management
Technology Awareness

Based on the results of this evaluation, you will be placed in one of the following quality categories:

Best Qualified: This highest category will be used for those candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position, including any selective placement factors and/or appropriate quality ranking factor(s), as determined by the job analysis.
Highly Qualified: This higher category will be used for those candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that exceed the minimum qualifications of the position, including any selective placement factors and/or appropriate quality ranking factor(s) as determined by the job analysis.
Qualified: This lowest category will be used for those candidates that meet the minimum qualifications of the position, including all selective placement factors and appropriate quality ranking factor(s) and are proficient in some, but not all, of the requirements of the position. Candidates may require extensive training and/or orientation in order to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position. https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/hiring-information/competitive-hiring/#url=Category-Rating

Names of the candidates in the Best Qualified category will be sent first to the hiring manager for employment consideration. Applicants in other categories will be referred in accordance with category rating procedures.


Veterans Preference: If you are entitled to veterans preference, you should indicate the type of veterans' preference you are claiming on your resume. Your veterans' preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. If you are entitled to veterans' preference and qualified for the position, your name will be placed above non-preference candidates on a list sent to the hiring manager for employment consideration. Qualified veterans' preference eligible with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category depending on the position and grade level of the job.
For information on entitlement see http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.


Military Spouse Preference: If you are entitled to military spouse preference, in order to receive this preference you must choose the spousal eligibility in your application package referencing MSP Military Spouse Preference. Your preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. If you are claiming military spouse preference and qualified for the position, your name will be placed below preference eligible veteran candidates and above non-preference candidates on a list sent to the hiring manager for employment consideration. To claim Military Spouse Preference (MSP) please complete the Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist, save the document and attach it to your application package.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Sensitive Compartmented Information
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc).
Your complete application includes your COMPLETE resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.


The following documents are REQUIRED:
1. Your resume:

Your resume may be submitted on any format. It must include your name and contact information and support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
For qualifications determinations your resume must contain the number of hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., ""HRS per week and month/year to month/year"" or ""HRS per week and month/year to present"").
For additional information see: What to include in your resume


2. Veteran's Documents:

If applying using veteran's preference or under a Veteran's hiring authority you must submit the following documents
DD214 showing character of service, SF-15 Form and VA letter showing final percentage, or certification of expected discharge or release from active duty.
PLEASE REVIEW THE BELOW LINK FOR OTHER SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS needed for proof of eligibility:

https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/FourthEstateRequiredSupportingDocumentation%2011-16-2020.pdf?ver=Lgkkn1HW9a8is7V2lyCS2Q%3d%3d

If you are claiming Military Spouse Preference, you must submit supporting documents with your application package. These documents must provide acceptable information to verify: you reside within the commuting area of your sponsor's permanent duty station (PDS); proof of marriage to the active duty sponsor, proof of military member's active duty status, and other documentation required by the vacancy announcement to which you are applying; and must meet all pre-employment criteria and be eligible for immediate noncompetitive appointment to a position in the competitive service. Documentation required: Marriage Certificate or License, Signed Self-Certification Checklist, Veterans' Preference documentation (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, Statement of Service, if applicable), Transcripts (if applicable). Additional documentation required if previously held a federal position: SF-50s (e.g., LWOP, highest grade held, overseas appointments, etc.), SF-75 Information, and documentation of performance rating of record (dated within the last 12 months)

For More Information: https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/DoDGenAppInfo.pdf
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens"	11322	Washington
IT Services Manager	outsourceIT	Washington, DC	$65,000 - $95,000 a year	outsourceIT is currently seeking a Service Manager. This role will lead and motivate a team of support staff to deliver excellent technical/non-technical support with outstanding customer service, satisfaction, and timeliness This position has frequent contact with customers, direct reports, peers, and vendors. The Service Manager will participate in the ongoing management of service level compliance, resolution of daily issues, and enforcing compliance within established company standards and policies pertaining to Service Ticket handling. The Service Manager is also responsible for performing QA checks, identifying trends, and making recommendations on how we can consistently improve the quality of service and response times to our customers. This position will report directly to the Vice President of Service and will be responsible for the overall experience and customer satisfaction of the interactions with the Service Desk.Who is outsourceIT?outsourceIT is a leading outsourced IT provider for small and medium (SMB) sized businesses. Our full-service product line is designed around the needs of SMB’s; Managed IT Services, Cloud-Based Application and Hardware Services, Cyber Security, and IT Consulting Services. As a customer-centric business, we focus on delivering products and services with a high degree of customer care. We strive to ensure every end-user experience is met with the same high degree of responsiveness and quality.Position ResponsibilitiesEnsure service requests are addressed in a timely manner through SLA monitoringDrive continuous process improvement to ensure Support Technicians are being utilized to their full potential while delivering consistent service levels and quick resolutionsMeasure and report the performance of the Support staff to identify performance trends and when appropriate, develop and implement changes to correct sub-standard performance issuesMonitor utilization and productivity of a local and remote support team and recommend changes in staffing levelsContribute to incident resolution by giving support to end users when necessaryTrain, coach, and mentor Support staff and ensure appropriate training initiatives for new and existing staffOversee new customer onboarding projects to deliver a complete and consistent experience to the customerAssist with identifying and recommending end user training programs to increase computer literacy and self-sufficiencyEnsure all requests opened for their team are being actively worked and progressing towards an expeditious resolutionSupervise, develop, and mentor their team members to help improve their technical knowledge and customer management skillsAssists with interviewing Support staff candidatesStay current on both the technology and product frontsWork late shift and/or on-call rotation as requiredPosition RequirementsBachelor’s degree or equivalent experienceMust have 5 years of experience working directly with Customer SupportPrior Managed Service Provider experienceManaged Services Platform Software – Kaseya and ConnectWiseAbility to troubleshoot technical issues at a high level to determine the appropriate path to resolutionDemonstrated success at a company in similar nature for a minimum of 3 years and as a Service Manager or similar for at least 2 yearsMust be capable of dealing confidently and professionally with CustomersMust be a team player and build good working relationships across all functionsMust have a strong personal drive for delivering industry-leading Customer support, and thrive in a fast-paced, high energy environment with a proactive focusOrganized and analytical, able to eliminate obstacles through creative and adaptive approachesAbility to overcome obstacles and obtain results under tight deadlinesDemonstrated strong written and verbal communicationMust be comfortable in the dynamic atmosphere of a technical organization with a rapidly expanding customer baseMust be prepared for moderate travel throughout outsourceIT’s service territoryAbility to work eight hours a day sitting, using a keyboard, and speaking on the phoneAbility to bend, stoop & carry at least 50lbsInsurable driving record & current driver licenseBenefitsAs a Service Manager with outsourceIT, you will be part of one of the leading Managed Service Providers in the region, an organization with more than 15 years of success in providing outstanding support and technologies to the SMB market. There’s no shortage of training and advancement opportunities and you will have the opportunity to work alongside some of the industries most experienced engineers. Your hard work and dedication will be rewarded with a competitive compensation package.As a Service Manager, you are eligible to receive:Excellent and affordable health, dental and vision coverageIRA15 days PTO (vacation and discretionary leave)Paid holidaysTraining reimbursementEducational reimbursementFrequent company social eventsWe look forward to you joining our team!Job Type: Full-timePay: $65,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:www.outsourceitcorp.comCompany's Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/outsourceIT.MD/	11322	Washington
Cybersecurity Risk Manager (Remote)	Freddie Mac	McLean, VA	None	"Job Description
At Freddie Mac, you will do important work to build a better housing finance system and you’ll be part of a team helping to make homeownership and rental housing more accessible and affordable across the nation.
Position Overview:
Are you passionate about cybersecurity and technical risk? We can offer an exciting career opportunity that allows you to do rewarding work with the newest technologies, while growing your cybersecurity and risk management skillsets! Apply now and learn why there’s #MoreAtFreddieMac
**This position can be performed from a Remote Location in the U.S. Must be within a 2-hr time zone differential from EST!**
Our Impact:
As part of Freddie Mac’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), the Information Risk Management Team provides 2nd Line of Defense oversight of the company’s Cybersecurity and Identity Access Management (IAM) efforts.
We are looking for a team member to support the development, validation and monitoring of cyber security capabilities.
Your Impact:
Cybersecurity
Enhance and mature Risk Management practices by supporting the development of enterprise-wide cybersecurity policies and standards
Provide oversight and advisory services to 1st line partners regarding the application of standard requirements across a wide variety of technologies to manage risk
Support the development and execution of controls to monitor cybersecurity compliance and drive organizational change
Develop effective and measurable metrics (KRI, KPI and KCI) to analyze data and proactively identify trends or new/emerging risks
Execute risk analytics and reporting
Provide advisory consultation to lines of businesses and make course of action recommendations to manage risk
Oversight
Effectively challenge our 1st line of defense technology teams while collaborating with the 3rd line of defense and internal 2nd line partners.
Collaborate with key risk areas, business partners, and IT counterparts to design action plans to address Cybersecurity and IAM risk
Autonomously lead program execution with documented project plans, expectations and schedule
Provide status reports, escalation and impediment resolution when needed
Support the Director in leading and managing the team
Mentor and guide team members
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree and 8+ year working in and/or auditing IT security areas such as penetration testing, operations, threat intelligence, monitoring, vulnerability management, identity access management, Keys and Certificate Management or security engineering in large enterprises.
Some industry leading Certifications preferred: CISSP, CISA, CRISC, CISM, CEH, and/or CIPT
Prior experience in Cybersecurity Operational Risk Management, supporting CISO in deployment and sustainment of cybersecurity capabilities, and previous big four experience preferred
Knowledge of cloud migration, security and access management experience preferred
Demonstrate proficiencies in above stated cybersecurity domains
Working knowledge of industry security standards and guidance such as NIST or ISO
Capable of working independently and with a collaborative team
Deliver effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills with strong attention to detail
Keys to Success in this Role:
Think broadly and analytically, developing solutions in an ambiguous and fast paced environment
Ability to understand and work with a diverse group of partners within all lines of defense
Demonstrable experience with IT, privacy data and management practices/processes
Self-motivated, pro-active and results oriented problem solver; able to prioritize without heavy supervision
Travel expected approximately once per Quarter to HQ in McLean, VA if Remote. Local candidate preferred.
Current Freddie Mac employees please apply through the internal career site.
Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you’ll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with differing abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Notice to External Search Firms: Freddie Mac partners with BountyJobs for contingency search business through outside firms. Resumes received outside the BountyJobs system will be considered unsolicited and Freddie Mac will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. If interested in learning more, please visit www.BountyJobs.com and register with our referral code: MAC.
Time-type:Full time
Job Category:Risk
FLSA Status:Exempt"	11322	Washington
Biological Scientist	DecisionPoint | Cortek	Washington, DC 20520 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Overview:

DecisionPoint is a Biological Scientist to join our team supporting DHS CWMD requirements generation. This position requires an Active Secret clearance and the ability to obtain DHS Suitability. The position is located in Washington, DC.
With the threat of transnational terrorism and ongoing development of weapons of mass destruction (WMD) by nations potentially hostile to the U.S., DHS has taken steps to integrate the full range of its radiological, nuclear, chemical, and biological capabilities to enhance the nation’s abilities to prevent terrorists and other threat actors from using WMD, and support operational partners in closing capability gaps along adversary pathways. As the focal point for this effort, DHS Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction (CWMD) Operations Support Directorate (OSD) requires advisory and assistance services to effectively operationalize CWMD by developing and enhancing the capabilities of the DHS Components as well as federal, state, local, territorial and tribal (FSLTT) partners. LMI provides advisory and assistance services (program support, training and exercise, medical operations, information integration, requirements generation, and operational coordination) to CWMD Operations Support Directorate (OSD).
Duties & Responsibilities:
Work with other CWMD Directorates, DHS Components and interagency teams to identify gaps and develop documents for materiel and non-materiel solutions to address detection and interdiction of disease-causing organisms.
Interpret microbiological research as it pertains to developing requirements detection solutions and be able to explain biological processes to non-experts.
Work with Project/Program Managers to develop requirements generation documents, including Request for Requirements.
Prepare mission area and program status reports, briefing charts, and related materials as required.
Attend program reviews, technical meetings, workshops, conferences, site visits and field tests, and support studies and analysis as directed.
Support identification of capability gaps and shortfalls and preliminary recommendations for closure in terms of DOTMLPF+R/G/S.
Support development of requirements generation products (Capability Analysis Study Plan, Capability Analysis Report, Non-Material Change Recommendation, Mission Need Statement, Concept of Operations, Operational Requirements Document and Request for Requirements)
Support requirements generation in accordance with the DHS Joint Requirements Integration and Management System (JRIMS) process.

Qualifications:
Required Qualifications:
MS degree in Biology, Microbiology or related biological science.
Minimum of 8 years of experience working in Biology, Microbiology, or related field.
Active Secret clearance and the ability to obtain DHS Suitability.
Our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy:
The company is an equal opportunity employer. The company shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), national origin, age, disability, military/veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to equal employment opportunity in all decisions related to employment, promotion, wages, benefits and all other privileges, terms, and conditions of employment."	11322	Washington
GEOINT Collection Manager	Booz Allen Hamilton	Springfield, VA	None	"The Challenge:
With Cloud-based tools, faster GPUs, and the explosion of connected devices, geospatial data has more potential than ever. That data is powerful in the hands of a skilled analyst who can turn it into valuable information. If that sounds like you, we have an opportunity for you to use your geospatial analysis skills to transform national security.
As a GEOINT Collection Manager on our team, you’ll help your client understand the mission needs of their customers. Using your comprehensive understanding of various collection platforms, you’ll explore new data sources, build effective queries, and combine information from disparate intelligence sources. You’ll validate information and develop tradecraft as you build collection strategies for US intelligence community (IC)-wide analysts. As an authority on geospatial intelligence (GEOINT) collection management, your client will look to you for time-critical recommendations, often under pressure. This is a chance to grow your expertise and broaden your skillset into areas like data modeling and scripting. You’ll share your expertise with other analysts through leadership and mentoring. We focus on growing as a team to deliver the best support to our customers, so you’ll have resources to learn new skills and tools. Join us as we provide the right information at the right time to support the critical needs of our warfighters, policy makers, and nation's leaders.
Empower change with us.
You Have:3+ years of experience as a geospatial intelligence (GEOINT) collection manager or source strategies analyst (SSA), including managing geospatial information needs in the GEOINT Information Management Services (GIMS)Experience in advanced search and dissemination with rules and strategies, discovery services, Geospatial-Intelligence Need (GIN) creation, modification, and approval, tasking and geospatial dashboards, and target creation, query, modification, and managementKnowledge of national, commercial, and airborne GEOINT sensors and capabilitiesKnowledge of multi-INT sources and capabilitiesAbility to work independently or as part of a team to develop GEOINT collection strategies, collaborate with GEOINT analysts to deconstruct problems, and develop effective collection approachesAbility to liaise with partners across the intelligence community (IC) and DoD to innovate and enable intelligence integrationTS/SCI clearance
HS diploma or GEDGIMS Training Certification
Nice If You Have:Experience as an adjudicator in GIMSExperience as an imagery or geospatial analystExperience with GIMS Advanced Search and Net-centric GEOINT Discovery Services (NGDS)Knowledge of multi-disciplinary intelligence (MDI) or event portal strategy (EPS) developmentBA or BS degree preferred
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.
Build Your Career:
At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and intelligence. When you join Booz Allen, we’ll help you develop the career you want.
Challenging projects – Whether training analysts on military equipment through VR technology; developing a simulation capability to allow teams to rehearse missions together; or integrating RFID tags into mobile devices to enable data access within a geo parameter, you’ll get to solve some of the world’s toughest problems
Meaningful work – Use your skills to empower change. Your work will keep citizens and warfighters safe and well both at home and abroad
State-of-the-art technology – Broaden your intelligence capabilities with digital forensics, telematics, precision navigation, secure mobile operations, and advanced analytics
New skills – In-house experts and partnerships with tech leaders, like Nvidia and Splunk, mean you can get practical experience with advanced GPU technologies, cyber security, and data science
Room to grow – You’ll be inspired to grow your career while making your ideas a reality thanks to new opportunities across the U.S. and abroad, encouraging mentors, and collaborative colleagues
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	11322	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER (FINANCE / MORTGAGE EXP.) - W2/1099 POSITION	DAtec	Washington, DC	None	IT Project Manager SpecialistLocation: McLean, VA 22102Duration: 6 months with possible extensionDescription: - Project management experience in mortgage industryExperience in: - Running complex projects with small-size budget and scope spanning across several systems- Running projects using software development life cycle (SDLC), Agile methodology, Application Maintenance Change Process (AMCP) and project management life cycle (PMLC)- Strong experience in project management processes:- Budget management and resource management- Communication- Risk management- Scope and change request management- Schedule management- Internal controls and quality management- Excellent communication, influencing and collaboration skills- Good organization, presentation and customer service skills.Experience leading teams involved in IT operations and tools/platform support Exposure with DevOps tools and processes, and Cloud platforms Strength in Agile ceremony facilitation, as well as coaching and communication Expertise in Jira, Confluence and ServiceNow Experience in collaborating across teams and programs to manage dependencies and remove impedimentsCall notes: This is fully DevOps Agile Shop project and looking for someone having 5-7 years of Tech PM Specialist experience for this role managing software development tech projects focused on DevOps CICD & Cloud platform.Key Skills: - Experience leading teams involved in IT operations and tools/platform support.- Exposure with DevOps tools and processes, and Cloud platforms such as Jenkins, CICD & AWS.- Strength in Agile ceremony facilitation, as well as coaching and communication.- Expertise in Jira, Confluence and ServiceNow.- Experience in collaborating across teams and programs to manage dependencies and remove impediments.- Project management experience in mortgage industry is a plus.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $99,999.00 per hourApplication Question(s):EMAIL ID?Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19Speak with the employer+91 00000	11322	Washington
Program Officer	US AmeriCorps	Washington, DC	$72,755 - $90,000 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Office of the AmeriCorps Seniors which serves as the headquarters-based national governance office for three AmeriCorps Seniors Programs.
Responsibilities
As a Program Officer with the AmeriCorps Seniors grant making team, furthering the mission and goals of AmeriCorps and AmeriCorps Seniors programs by executing strategies related to the ongoing development, implementation, evaluation of policies and guidance for all aspects of AmeriCorps Seniors grant making and management issued by AmeriCorps Seniors Head Quarters for the implementation of the American Rescue Plan.
As a Program Officer you will:

Support the AmeriCorps Seniors Associate Director in the development and implementation of Grantee guidance, Grant and Program Officer support materials, and policy development.

Develop content for the operations guidance, grantee handbooks, and other materials.

Support on-going case management issues such as AmeriCorps Seniors approval of waivers, and issues raised by the OIG.

Support the Associate Director in staffing and leading key working groups.

Work with AmeriCorps data and systems teams to help ensure that AmeriCorps Seniors program requirements are represented in AmeriCorps data systems design and operation.

Support AmeriCorps Seniors ongoing development of monitoring protocols including collaborating with other AmeriCorps staff members on monitoring tool design and monitoring implementation.

Support the Program Officer for Training and Knowledge Management in determining requests for specific training, human and financial resources available.

Provide input into formulating training, curriculum planning, and in reviewing instructional programs to assure fulfillment of established goals and objectives.

Execute strategies related to the ongoing development, implementation, evaluation of policies and guidance for all aspects of AmeriCorps Seniors grant making and management issued by AmeriCorps Seniors Head Quarters for the implementation of the American Rescue Plan.

Create and update tools and other resources needed to support AmeriCorps Seniors grant making efforts, specifically use of Excel to track grants made, and communities impacted.

Support development of ARP funding notices, application instructions, and material development.

Support the development and implementation of grantee and internal stakeholder guidance in terms of material management and policy development for funding requirements.

Assist with developing training needed to implement programming. Provide input to update training materials, particularly to attract new applicants.

Evaluate data team, develop needed tools and processes to synthesis ARP data and ensure accurate reporting.

Determine requests for specific training, financial resources available, and project management related to all AmeriCorps Seniors grant making activities.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
3
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a United States Citizen
A 2-year probationary period is required for new Federal employees
Merit Promotion applicants must submit a SF-50 to verify Status and grade
Must be telework ready
Satisfactory completion of a background investigation
Qualifications
Applicants must have one year of specialized experience comparable in scope and responsibility to at least the mid range of the NY-02 pay band, which would be at or equivalent to, the GS-9 level in the Federal Service. Specialized experience is that which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. Specialized experience includes:
Developing and implementing Grantee guidance;
Supporting managers in staffing and leading working groups including developing work group assignments, preparing briefings and planning documents, or coordinating tasks and assignments;
Working with data and systems teams to help ensure that program requirements are represented in data systems design and operation; and
Providing input into formulating training, curriculum planning, and in reviewing instructional programs to assure fulfillment of established goals and objectives.
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

Such experience must be clearly documented in the applicant's resume.
Education
Additional information
Additional selections may be made from this announcement or for similar positions across AmeriCorps. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with interested selecting official(s) at AmeriCorps.

As a Term employee, you will not be covered be the agency's Interchange Agreement with the Office of Personnel Management, which allows for noncompetitive transfer from AmeriCorps to other agencies in the competitive service of the federal government.

If you are a male applicant who was born after 12/31/59 and are required to register under the Military Selective Service Act, the Defense Authorization Act of 1986 requires that you be registered or you are not eligible for appointment in this agency.

Veteran's Preference: If you are claiming 5-point or 10-point veteran's preference, you must submit documentation described below in ""Required Documents.""

Special Employment Consideration: Persons with disabilities, disabled veterans who have a compensable service-connected disability of 30% or more, certain other veterans, spouses of certain members of the Armed Forces, VISTA volunteers, some Peace Corps employees and returning Peace Corps volunteers are examples of individuals who are potentially eligible for noncompetitive appointment. If you are eligible and would like to be considered for one of these noncompetitive appointments, applicable documentation that supports your eligibility must be submitted with your application package.

Ethics Requirement: Our Agency is committed to the highest ethical standards and, as an employee you will be covered by the criminal conflict of interest statutes (18 U.S.C. 201-209) and the Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch (5 C.F.R. part 2635). Additionally, you may be required to complete a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report (OGE Form 450) or Public Financial Disclosure Report (OGE Form 278e) within 30 days of your appointment date and on an annual basis thereafter.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application will be evaluated first for the basic qualifications described above. The applications that meet the basic qualifications will be evaluated further against the following criteria:
Teamwork
Customer Service
Flexibility

Oral Communication
Organizational Awareness
Problem Solving
Technical Credibility

Important Note: Your resume must support your answers to the job specific questions. High self-assessment on the Occupational Questionnaire that is not supported by the information in your resume or supporting documents can/will result in elimination from further consideration. If you do not answer all of the job specific questions you will not be considered. Incomplete applications (resume and required supporting documents) will be considered ineligible.

Qualified applicants will be placed in one of the following three categories:

1 - Qualified Category - Meets the minimum qualification requirements as described in the Qualifications section of this announcement.
2 - Well Qualified Category - Meets the minimum qualification requirements and demonstrates proficiency based on the answers to the job specific questions.
3 - Best Qualified Category - Meets the minimum qualification requirements and demonstrates high level proficiency based on the answers to the job specific questions.

NOTE: Status candidates will be considered under the provisions of the Corporation's Human Resources system which allows for:
1) Non-competitive referral of lateral candidates; and
2) The separation of status and non-status applicants for referral purposes.

Status candidates will be referred on one selection list only, i.e., either merit promotion or non-competitive. Non-status candidates who are eligible for Noncompetitive referral, e.g. Peace Corps, VRA, etc., will be referred under Noncompetitive procedures only. For Noncompetitive categories, See ""Special Employment Consideration"" below under ""Other Information.""

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience (cover letter optional);
Unofficial transcript (if qualifying based on education):
Veterans' Preference Documentation (DD-214, VA Letter, and SF-15 if claiming 10-point preference; DD-214 if claiming 5-point preference), if applicable;
For Merit Promotion Eligibility: SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action (must indicate tenure and position occupied), if applicable;
Documentation supporting eligibility for Non-Competitive appointment, e.g., Schedule A (severely disabled), eligible veterans (VRA or 30-percent or more disabled), VISTA, Peace Corps, etc., if applicable

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Military spouses
Native Americans
Native Americans or Alaskan Natives with a tribal affiliation.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
US Citizens, Internal and Status Candidates"	11322	Washington
PUBLIC AFFAIRS SPECIALIST (Communications Assistant)	State of Maryland	Lanham, MD 20706	$17.94 - $23.06 an hour	"Introduction
This is a Contractual Position with limited State of Maryland Benefits

Work that Matters. The Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD) is a national leader in the financing and development of affordable housing and community development lending. As such, the primary function of the Community Development Administration is to encourage and support homeownership in Maryland. We are good but strive to be great. To make this happen our team needs members that will challenge the status quo, effectively communicate ideas and issues, independently bring forth practical and efficient solutions, believe change is good and want to come to work knowing that what they do makes a difference in their neighborhood.
GRADE
12
LOCATION OF POSITION
7800 Harkins Road Lanham, MD 20706.
The Department of Housing and Community Development Headquarters is located in Prince George's County across from the New Carrollton Metro stop.
POSITION DUTIES
The Communications Assistant will serve as the primary backup to the Customer Service Manager/Ombudsman, responding to customer inquiries via phone, emai land social media. The Communications Assistant will also assist in the development of public relations materials and disseminate communications materials to the media, stakeholders and constituents, including but not limited to articles, press releases, social media content and videos. Support marketing and communications staff on special projects as needed; and, update the Department website and social media on a regular basis.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Education: A Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with at least 30 semester credit hours in one or more of the following subjects: English, journalism, public relations, writing or other similar and related areas of study.

Experience: None.

Notes:

1. Candidates may substitute experience in public information, public relations, journalism or other related experience in publicity or promotional work on a year-for-year basis for the required education.

2. Candidates may substitute U.S. Armed Forces military service experience as a commissioned officer in public affairs specialist classification or public affairs specialty codes in the information and arts field of work on a year-for-year basis for the required experience and education.
DESIRED OR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Knowledge of Associate Press (AP) writing style
Knowledge of social media tools
Knowledge of basic web editing tools
SELECTION PROCESS
Please provide sufficient information on your application to document that you meet the minimum qualifications for this recruitment. Unofficial transcripts, certifications or diplomas to document educational or certification qualifications are required. Educational credentials from foreign countries must be evaluated by an approved education review service. This evaluation must be submitted with your application. For further information, you may call International Consultants of Delaware, Inc. (302) 737-8715 or World Education Services Inc. 1-800-932-3897 or (202) 331-2925. Successful candidates will be placed on the employment (eligible) list for at least one year. Eligible list may be used to fill future vacancies of the same classification. Successful candidates must document eligibility to work in the U.S. upon hire.
Please note: The Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development is not sponsoring new employees in application of the H-1B Visa at this time due to budgetary constraints. All applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States under the Immigration and Reform Control Act of 1986. Federal regulations prohibit H1B Visa candidates from paying sponsorship fees, all sponsorship fees must be assumed by the potential employer
EXAMINATION PROCESS
The examination will consist of a rating of your education, training, and experience related to the requirements of the position. You may be required to complete a qualifications supplement, or the rating may be based on your application. Therefore, it is important that you provide complete and accurate information on your application. Report all experience and education that is related to this position. Qualified candidates may be subject to a Written Examination.
BENEFITS
Contractual employees who work for an agency covered under the State Employee and Retiree Health and Welfare Benefits Program (the Program), have a current employment contract and work 30 or more hours a week (or on average 130 hours per month) may be eligible for subsidized health benefits coverage for themselves and their dependents. As a contractual employee, you will be responsible for paying 25% of the premiums for your medical and prescription coverage, including any eligible dependents you have enrolled. The State of Maryland will subsidize the remaining 75% of the cost for these benefits. You can also elect to enroll in dental coverage, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, and life insurance, but will be responsible to pay the full premium for these benefits. Leave may be granted to a temporary/contractual employee who has worked 106 days in a 12 month period. This leave accrues at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked, not to exceed 40 hours per calendar year.
FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS
Online applications are STRONGLY preferred. However, if you wish to submit a paper application, you may mail your application and materials to:
Mr. Christopher Schrader
Department of Housing and Community Development
Office of Human Resources
7800 Harkins Road, Lanham, MD 20706
All application materials must be received by the filing deadline. If you are unable to upload your transcripts into the system, please send via email to Christopher.Schrader@maryland.gov. Please include the following information in the body of the email:
Attn: Mr. Christopher Schrader, HR Generalist
Your First and Last Name
Recruitment #
Classification (Job Title) of Recruitment
Incorrect application forms, or resumes in place of the application, will not be accepted. If you are interested in these positions and cannot apply online please fill out the paper application. For questions concerning these positions, please call 301-429-7414.
TTY Users: call via Maryland Relay.
We thank our Veterans for their service to our country, and encourage them to apply.

As an equal opportunity employer, Maryland is committed to recruiting, retaining and promoting employees who are reflective of the State’s diversity."	11322	Washington
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
IT Project Manager	Telecommunications Development Corp.	Washington, DC 20009 (Shaw area)	From $100,000 a year	TDC has an immediate need for an IT Project Manager with telcom and radio experience. This Project Manager will be responsible for: Coordinating telecommunication systems and radio installation projectsProject management and leading several teams through different IT objectives that include but are not limited to audio visual software and hardware installation, radio and cell tower installation, vender management, etc.Some on site surveying to evaluate the location and its IT infrastructure for better suitability. The field engineer handovers the blueprint of a given area to the telecom manager for a further decision.Hardware Installation: the project manager takes care of the further installation process in association with the team towards its successful applicable hardware set-up. Test the entire set up as outlined by the requirements of the client to ensure that all device is functional and to assure maximum quality. Requirements8+ years of Project Management experience5+ years of IT Experience5+ years of radio and telcom experienceBachelor's degree in related field.The position is based in the Washington, DC and may require limited travel to client sites. The work will start remote for now until we are cleared to return to the office. Please submit your resume and contact information.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: From $100,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may apply	11323	Washington
IT Project Manager (Cerner Revenue Cycle Team)	Mission Consulting and Services	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	$139,000 - $149,000 a year	Supporting the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program -- plans for the integration and deployment of 10 major Revenue Cylce packages. Integrates and schedules efforts with local deployment teams. Logs and tracks Requirements. Participates and develops products for the Governance boards.Minimum qualifications:Minimum of 10 years of experience. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirementsMust be well versed in lifecycle and project management methodologiesExperience managing Information Technology related projectsExperience in tracking costs, schedule, and performance progressAble to translate solution workflow risk analysis to user functional validation prioritiesExperience monitoring solution defect findings and resolutionProficient in triaging user requirements against solution design and development roadmapBachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific /technical disciplinePreferred qualifications:Experience with the Department of Veterans AffairsExperience with Cerner Revenue Cycle solution suiteJob Type: Full-timePay: $139,000.00 - $149,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Cerner: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One location	11323	Washington
Assistant Director, IT Services	University of Maryland	College Park, MD 20742	None	"Vaccine Protocol
The University of Maryland has made the safety of our students, faculty and staff, and our surrounding communities a top priority. As part of that commitment, the University System of Maryland (USM) recently announced that students, faculty, and staff on USM campuses this fall, including UMD, are required to be vaccinated against COVID. As a prospective and/or a new employee at UMD, you will be required to comply with the University’s vaccination protocol. Proof of full vaccination will be required before the start of employment in order to work at any University of Maryland location. Prospective or new employees may seek a medical or religious exemption to the vaccination requirement at return.umd.edu and must have an approved exemption prior to the start of their employment."	11323	Washington
Project Manager	Enovational	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$80,000 - $130,000 a year	Enovational Corp is a fast growing technology startup building web and mobile applications. We specialize in delivering award-winning user experiences paired with solid technology, as both client solutions and our own consumer products. And we believe our successes come from our teamwork and mutual respect for each other’s talents and unique perspectives.*So when we say we are looking for a Project Manager, yes, we want someone who is eloquent, well organized, empathetic with exceptional skills in time management, prioritization, communication, coaching, and relationship building. We also need another team member who will do what it takes to help us deliver successful projects and maintain a great company culture.What you might do on any given day:Identify the approach for a given project including defining roles, stakeholder involvement, risks, dependencies, deliverables, review and approval processes, and anticipated milestone dates, adjusting throughout the course of the project.Work with stakeholders and subject matter experts on the client side, as well as internal team members, to understand, document and manage the scope of work for a given project.Develop and maintain project governance and project management documentation, such as project plans, schedules, communications plans, risk registers, status updates, critical paths, etc.Collaborate with our internal team to conduct work breakdowns, identify necessary resources, and collect estimates regarding time and complexity of tasks.Coordinate task execution and provide appropriate coaching, direction and delegation to project team members.Manage client expectations around timelines, deliverables, and scope of work with sophistication to set up both clients and internal teams for success.Plan, write, and oversee all client communications, including providing timely and accurate status updates.Monitor delivery progress and determine if teams have the velocity, skills, and tools to execute work according to the current project plan, and continuously assess the need to change tactics or supplement personnel.We think you’ll enjoy working with our team if you:Have outstanding organization, time management and prioritization skills, and are good at handling multiple initiatives and work streams at once.Enjoy taking the lead, managing up, and respectfully guiding clients and team members to reasonable expectations that set them up for success.Are comfortable dealing with clients coming from diverse backgrounds and experiences, and finding common ground.See difficult situations, conflicts, and criticisms as an opportunity to apply your problem-solving skills and find positive outcomes for all parties involved.Like to listen to people and analyze what they’re saying, and don't feel the need to push your own message or agenda.Love working with creatives and technical staff and bringing order to all the ideas so they see fruition.Are genuinely passionate about what you do. You are a perpetual learner and excited to experiment with new tools, processes, formats, methods, and ideas.Can work quickly and deftly to understand what the current moment or situation needs, and are able to then respond appropriately with a document, email or meeting that pushes the effort forward.Take initiative, aren’t afraid to fail, ask thoughtful questions, and constantly seek better ways of working and communicating.Have a positive yet practical attitude. You are willing to take on any task that might help take one of our projects a little further.This position might not be for you if you:Don’t like to be the one to keep track of the bigger picture or the details.Struggle to stay organized, identify the steps to get to a bigger goal, or outline a necessary sequence of activities.Would prefer to avoid a difficult situation or conflict with clients or teams rather than having an honest and compassionate conversation to find a positive resolution.Are not comfortable with both providing and receiving feedback, direction, coaching, or task delegation.Prefer to determine what’s right for the client or team on your own, without taking their input or feedback into account.Are looking for a team to execute your personal vision, process, and ideas rather than using a collaborative and adaptive approach, relying on your team members capabilities and recommendations.Are not comfortable showing unfinished work to peers, users, or clients and continuously collecting feedback on approach or work product during your process.Prefer owning a project individually rather than working collaboratively.Aren't comfortable working directly with clients and users, and not willing to travel to Maryland or D.C. to meet with them in person.Work better in structured environments or have trouble with ambiguity and uncertainty.If you’re interested in applying:Candidates for this position will have at least a bachelor’s degree in business administration, social sciences or technology, though we will consider other areas of study or equivalent work experience. Our ideal candidate has earned a PMP, CMP or other comparable industry certification, and has at least two years of experience in agile project management or consulting. We’re a growing company and care very much about creating an amazing work environment with great growth opportunities, and hope that you’ll join us early on and help shape a bright and exciting future for our ambitious company.To apply, go to the Project Manager job posting on Enovational.com/careers and submit:Your resumeA cover letter describing one or more large projects you’ve had to manage, and how your contribution helped make those projects a success, or simply why you’re interested in this position*Job Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $130,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) MatchingDental InsuranceDisability InsuranceFlexible ScheduleHealth InsuranceLife InsurancePaid Time OffParental LeaveProfessional Development AssistanceReferral ProgramVision InsuranceSchedule:8 Hour ShiftDay ShiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus PayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeCompany's website:enovational.comCompany's Facebook page:www.facebook.com/enovational/Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11323	Washington
Administrative / Project Assistant	Enovational	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$35,000 - $70,000 a year	Enovational Corp is a fast growing technology startup building web and mobile applications. We specialize in delivering award-winning user experiences paired with solid technology, as both client solutions and our own consumer products. We believe our successes come from our teamwork and mutual respect for each other’s talents and unique perspectives.So when we say we are looking for an Administrative / Project Assistant, yes, we do need someone who can provide support for one or more of our Product Managers, but what we’re looking for is another team member who is versatile enough to help with—and grow in—a number of different professional disciplines and will do what it takes to help us shape amazing products.What you might do on any given day: Learn to assist the Product Managers in translating ideas and requirements into user stories that will guide our development team in not only what to build, but also provide context as to who will be using the various features and whyAssist in the creation and maintenance of deliverables for internal technical teams and clients, such as user stories, product roadmaps, and training documentationInterface with clients and end-users to support the Product Managers in identifying challenges and opportunities for improvement in existing processes and solutionsReview and analyze documents from clients to produce findings and present to the teamCollaborate with Product Managers by monitoring communications and emails from internal and external personnelParticipate in testing efforts by experiencing the product the way a user would and providing feedback and communicating errors to the technical teamManage necessary logistics for conference calls, meetings, and/or demos, including coordinating complex meeting schedules and reserving conference roomsRecord and log meeting minutes from internal and external project meetingsWe’re a small team so there will be a lot of getting-it-done without worrying about who is “supposed” to do it. So in addition to being the glue that helps bind our office together, you will also get on-the-job training from senior team members so you can help with other types of work, such as:Business Analysis - Collaborating with stakeholders to translate client and users needs into product requirements, use cases, and agile user storiesProject Management - Creating status reports that keep our clients informed about our team’s performance and progressQuality Assurance - Testing products, assessing quality factors affecting functionality and design specifications, and documenting problems and defectsTraining & Support - Assisting users in troubleshooting, collecting feedback, and educating our customers on how to get the most out of our productsTraining & Support - Collecting feedback on our solutions and assisting users by troubleshooting and educating them on how to get the most out of our productsWe think you’ll enjoy working with our team if you: Love interacting and communicating with people; You’re not only a great listener, but you also know how to share and present to othersAre eager to learn more about the different roles, types of work, and skill sets it takes to build web and mobile applicationsDon’t get overwhelmed or flustered easily. You’re able to keep track of multiple tasks at once, manage your time efficiently, and appropriately prioritize your workTake initiative, aren’t afraid to fail, ask thoughtful questions, and constantly seek better ways of working and communicatingHave a positive yet practical attitude; You are willing to take on any task that might help take one of our products, or our company, a little furtherThis position might not be for you if you: Have a hard time multitasking and prefer to focus on a single duty at a timeAren't comfortable working directly with clients and users, and not willing to travel to Maryland or D.C. to meet with them in personWork better in structured environments or have trouble with ambiguity and uncertaintyIf you’re interested in applying: Our ideal candidate is going to hold an associate's or bachelor's degree, and we’d love to hear the story of how your degree in Journalism, Marketing, Psychology, Business, or anything else is going to help you add to our team. Previous work experience is a plus, but what we really need is an individual with the passion to learn new skills and do what it takes to help our team be successful. We’re a growing company and care very much about creating an amazing work environment with great growth opportunities, and hope that you’ll join us early on and help shape a bright and exciting future for our ambitious company.To apply, go to the Project Assistant job posting on enovational.com/careers and submit:Your resumeA cover letter telling us about a feat of organization or multi-tasking you’ve accomplished in the past or simply a description why you want this job.Job Type: Full-timePay: $35,000.00 - $70,000.00 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayWork authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationSetting:OtherErgonomic Workspace:YesThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeCompany's website:enovational.comCompany's Facebook page:www.facebook.com/enovational/Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11323	Washington
IT Support & Project Specialist	Virginia General District Courts	Fairfax County, VA	$50,022 a year	"Under the general supervision of the IT Projects Manager, this position provides IT support at various levels, including front-line technical support of software and hardware; testing, installation and configuration of new and updated software and hardware; maintenance and support of the Fairfax County GDC website; assisting with the planning and implementation of new technology initiatives; and performance of related work as assigned by management.

This position offers a competitive benefits package, which includes vacation and sick leave, 12 paid holidays, health insurance, retirement, life insurance, deferred compensation and short- and long-term disability.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

The IT Support and Project Specialist backs up and assists the IT Projects Manager for a large, high-volume, limited jurisdiction state court. This position assists GDC employees with the routine use of data applications and case management systems; performs password and other various levels of security support on all network systems; troubleshoots network, application and peripheral equipment problems; provides technology support in courtrooms; assists with loading and testing computer software and management of all IT inventory; supports members of the public with certain applications as appropriate; and supports all IT administrative duties of the Fairfax County GDC website. This position also supports the design, development, testing, and implementation of new and upgraded Fairfax County, Commonwealth, and third-party applications which improve automation, digitization, and case management in the court.

Other duties include providing new users with case management and security protocol training; providing help desk support for the court’s users and directing appropriate inquiries to the Fairfax County Court Technology Office; notifying users of unanticipated computer and application down time; checking for computer viruses using appropriate software; and assisting public with applications on the public terminals. This position also assists the IT Project Manager and other supervisors with general court related projects. May be required to work during non-traditional business hours on occasion.

Minimum Qualifications
Any combination of education, experience, and training equivalent to the following: graduation from an accredited two-year college with an associate’s degree in IT or related field (degree preferred, not required) and/or two years of related professional work experience in such areas as business, court, or public administration. Ability to communicate technical ideas clearly and effectively both orally and in writing. Ability to perform personal computer and network troubleshooting, both on software and hardware. Proficiency in the latest Microsoft Windows operating systems and PC applications, such as Word, Outlook, Excel, and PowerPoint required.

Preferred Qualifications

Special Requirements
All employees receive a 15% county salary supplement in addition to the state salary.

Applicants must pass a criminal background check in order to be considered for employment and may be asked to take relevant pre-employment tests.

Special Instructions to Applicants
A resume and cover letter are required. Applicants must apply online; we do not accept documents via mail or email. Only interviewed applicants will be notified of the filling of the position. No phone calls or e-mails regarding application status.

The Virginia Judicial System is an equal opportunity employer, committed to diversity in the workplace. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or disability. Applicants who need accommodations for an interview should request this in advance by emailing humanresources@vacourts.gov. All candidates are subject to a criminal history background check before being offered employment.

Name Jewel Jefferson

Phone NO PHONE CALLS OR E-MAILS REGARDING APPLICATION STATUS.

Fax

Email We do not accept documents via mail or email; you must apply online in order to be considered. jjefferson@vacourts.gov

Address"	11323	Washington
Construction Project Manager	DC Housing Authority	Washington, DC 20002 (NoMa area)	$90,135 - $117,606 a year	Education and/or ExperienceBachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with an emphasis in construction management or other related field; and a minimum of (5) five years’ related experience, e.g., working with development and modernization projects or construction management, new home/townhome/condo construction; or other equivalent combination of education and experience which meet the minimum qualifications requirement may be substituted.Essential duties and responsibilities: · Collaborates work with Development Project Manager and architects, engineers and inspectors on all construction related aspects to insure profitability of projects;· Attends and participates in all project planning and coordination meetings;· Provides verbal and/or written communication with project team, accounting team and all other corporate staff as necessary;· Conducts pre-construction due diligence;· Assists with estimating, finalizing and managing proforma and cash flow projected hard costs;?· Manages estimating, bidding, and buyout of hard costs;· Creates and aggressively manages CPM construction schedules, that encompasses all project related work as it relates to other on-going construction at the project site· Works with Development Project Manager(s) to negotiate and finalize construction contracts;· Manages general contractor and subcontractors in a proactive manner to ensure budget and schedule are maintained;· Oversees general contractors to ensure clean and safe job sites that follow industry, OSHA and insurance requirements and guidelines;· Oversees general contractor to ensure follow-through on all governmental affairs and/or permit requirements are met or obtained;· Tracks and manages budgeted, actual and anticipated construction costs as they relate to committed contracts;· Oversees contract, change order and monthly billing administration;· Assesses and verifies the legitimacy of all change orders;· Initiates and maintains good client/GC/consultant relations;· Assists with the preparation of technical specifications and assembles contract documents for solicitation of contractors to perform a variety of development and/or modernization activities;· Researches and makes recommendation on materials; determines methods and types of construction based on required outcome and program needs. As required, prepares detailed drawings, specifications and cost estimates;· Prepares reports of construction activities, correspondence to contractors and progress reports;· Examines construction drawings, cost estimates, calculations and specifications in ordinance with U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) regulations, District of Columbia Housing Authority requirements and industry standards;· Inspects construction projects in progress and at completion for final acceptance of conformance with project design and specifications;· Meets with management officials to present findings, explain the significance of conclusions, justify recommendations, and answer questions on project management;· Analyzes and resolves complex, precedent-setting problems, keeping the supervisor informed of the disposition of each situation;· Coordinates special projects designed to inform interested parties of Development and Modernization policies and procedures;· Conducts reviews and evaluation of assigned topics of a technical, administrative or program nature; drafts statistical or narrative reports for use as reference material at meetings and conferences;Job Type: Full-timePay: $90,135.00 - $117,606.00 per yearBenefits:Dental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offRetirement planSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Construction management/development and modernization: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11323	Washington
Program Manager	One Federal Solution	Washington, DC 20520 (Foggy Bottom area)	$77,005 - $172,156 a year	OFS is looking for a Program Manager to support a facility management contract for the Office of Logistics Management at the Department of State. The program manager will be responsible for directing and overseeing the execution of all activities for this contract and for the site. The right candidate should have at least two years of recent experience with facility management including electrical and/or mechanical services for large government sites.ResponsibilitiesPlan, direct, and coordinate activities to support facility and building managementPerform site manager functionsEnsure all activity is within compliance with the contractEnforce quality control processesManage contract staffManage staffing for all positions on the contractDevelop work plans, budgets, and timelines to meet all deliverablesPrepare status reports, surveys, documentation and inspections as neededBe the main point of contact with the government contracting officer.Required SkillsAt least five years of recent experience as a program manager on a facilities or logistics contractAt least two years of recent experience managing electrical or mechanical services for large government buildingsExperience with budgets, work plans, and managing deliverablesAt least five years of experience managing direct reportsAbility to multi-task and shift priorities as neededStrong experience with MS ProjectExperience working in the Department of StatePossess an active Secret clearanceDesired experience with the Office of Logistics for Department of StateWhy One Federal Solution?As an industry leader in providing government services, One Federal Solution (OFS) is a Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) whose primary mission is to provide the Federal government with outstanding services in the areas of Program Management, Information Technology Enterprise Management, Healthcare Administration and Test & Evaluation. OFS is resolute in our commitment to delivering unparalleled performance by simply listening to our customers and exceeding their expectations. We understand the government's infrastructure requirements and have aligned our business to offer consultation services to support the needs of our customers, offering end-to-end solutions that enable agencies to procure from a single, reliable sources.We exhibit pride and quality in our work and relationships, maintaining high ethical standards to achieve the goals of OFS. We uphold an uncompromising and steadfast adherence to honesty, truthfulness, and sincerity. We will uphold full loyalty to the company, showing pride as we strive to make it the best it can be. We value each individual and recognize their loyalty and contribution as being important to OFS' success. We treat everyone with the courtesy and respect they deserve. We vow to openly communicate with each other to foster an environment of trust. We are team leaders who apply our values to our customers, team members and each other.Job Type: Full-timePay: $77,005.00 - $172,156.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11323	Washington
IT Project Manager	US Office of the Chief Information Officer	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
As an IT Project Manager, you will provide day-to-day IT project leadership, IT expertise and strategic IT planning for projects in all phases of their life cycles.

Location of position: GSA IT/Office of the Associate Chief Information Officer for Corporate IT Services

The Office of Government-wide Policy (OGP) IT Services Branch is responsible for providing IT management and oversight for the IT systems that support OGP and its customers.

Responsibilities
We are currently filling one vacancy, but additional vacancies may be filled as needed.

Responsible for the day-to-day leadership of matrixed project resources to ensure productivity and efficient use of resources.
Promotes team building, collaboration, and cohesion within the project team.
Responsible for project financial management, to include, but not limited to: budget formulation and execution, IT acquisitions and purchases, and determines the best approach resolving budget shortages.
Keeps abreast of new IT developments to provide technical advice on and devise IT solutions to implement program goals.
Provides higher level stakeholders, leadership and partners with technical knowledge and recommendations needed to make decisions surrounding complex information technology issues and initiatives.
Establishes collaborative partnerships and initiates and monitors IT development efforts in support of challenging IT projects.
Develops new insights into situations and applies innovative solutions to make project improvements; creates a work environment that encourages creative thinking and innovation; designs and implements new or cutting-edge programs/processes.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Travel may be required for meetings, training and conferences.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
US Citizenship or National (Residents of American Samoa and Swains Island)
Meet all eligibility criteria within 30 days of the closing date
Meet time-in-grade within 30 days of the closing date, if applicable
Register with Selective Service if you are a male born after 12/31/1959
If selected, you must meet the following conditions:

Receive authorization from OPM on any job offer you receive, if you are or were (within the last 5 years) a political Schedule A, Schedule C or Non-Career SES employee in the Executive Branch.
Serve a one year probationary period, if required.
Undergo and pass a background investigation (Tier 2 investigation level).
Have your identity and work status eligibility verified if you are not a GSA employee. We will use the Department of Homeland Security’s e-Verify system for this. Any discrepancies must be resolved as a condition of continued employment.

Qualifications
For each job on your resume, provide:

the exact dates you held each job (from month/year to month/year)
number of hours per week you worked (if part time).

If you have volunteered your service through a National Service program (e.g., Peace Corps, Americorps), we encourage you to apply and include this experience on your resume.

For a brief video on creating a Federal resume, click here.

The GS-14 salary range starts at $122,530 per year. If you are a new federal employee, your starting salary will likely be set at the Step 1 of the grade for which you are selected.

To qualify, you must have at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 level or higher in the Federal service.

IT SPECIALIST COMPETENCY REQUIREMENTS:

Attention to Detail - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant investigates and evaluates “state of the art” technology of the industry.

Customer Service - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant confers with users to evaluate the effectiveness of, or identify the need for, computer programs or management systems.

Oral Communication - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant persuades others to take a particular course of action or to accept findings, recommendations, changes, or alternative viewpoints.

Problem Solving - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant identifies and accommodates technology and resource constraints.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:

In addition to the Basic Requirements listed above, you must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 in the Federal service. Specialized experience is defined as experience leading IT service transformation projects or teams, providing information and recommendations in project planning and developing detailed project plans that incorporate project management best practices including risk management, compliance, training, change management and IT governance.
Education
Note: If you are using foreign education to meet qualification requirements, you must send a Certificate of Foreign Equivalency with your transcript in order to receive credit for that education. For further information, visit: https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html
Additional information
Bargaining Unit Status

Bargaining Unit status: Not Applicable

Relocation Not Paid

Relocation-related expenses are not approved and will be your responsibility.

Travel – May be approved

Travel expenses associated with interviews may be approved. Determinations will be made on a case-by-case basis.

Recruitment/Relocation Incentive

On a case-by-case basis, the following incentives may be approved:
Recruitment incentive if you are new to the federal government
Relocation incentive if you are a current federal employee
Credit toward vacation leave if you are new to the federal government

Management Rights

Additional vacancies may be filled from this announcement as needed; through other means; or not at all.

Concurrent DEU Vacancy Announcement

We are also accepting applications from all U.S. Citizens and Nationals under Vacancy Announcement # 21STFB183SLMP. You must apply separately to each announcement to be considered for both.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated on the questions you answer during the application process, which will measure your overall possession of the following competencies or knowledge, skills, and abilities. Your responses to these questions must be supported by your resume or your score may be lowered.

Knowledge of project management techniques, principles, methods and practices to lead IT Projects.
Ability to lead high performing teams to accomplish goals in an IT environment.
Ability to use efficient and cost-effective approaches to integrate technology into the workplace and improve program effectiveness.
Skill in ensuring integration of IT programs and services; developing solutions to integration/interoperability issues and conducting analyses to recommend and implement systems that meet current and future business requirements.
Ability to develop new insights into situations and apply innovative solutions to create a work environment which encourages creative thinking and innovation to programs/processes.

Additional assessments may be used, and, if so, you will be provided with further instructions.

If you are eligible under Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan or GSA’s Career Transition Assistance Plan(ICTAP/CTAP), you must receive a score of 85 or higher to receive priority.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Moderate Risk (MR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
ALL required documents must be submitted before the closing date. Review the following list to determine what you need to submit.

Note: If required to submit an SF-50 (Notice of Personnel Action), an equivalent agency Notice of Personnel Action form is acceptable. Such document(s) must show all of the following: effective date, position, title, series, grade, and rate of basic pay, tenure group 1 (career) or 2 (career-conditional), position occupied group, and name of agency. If you are a GSA employee (except in the OIG), you are not required to submit an SF-50.

If you are a 30% or more disabled veteran, VEOA or VRA applicant or qualified spouse, widow/widower, or parent:

(a) Copy of your Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, DD-214 that shows the dates of your active duty service. If selected, a DD-214 showing your type of discharge (member 4 copy) will be required prior to appointment.
(b) If you are a disabled veteran, or are applying under VRA or VEOA as a spouse, widow/widower, or parent of a veteran, submit both of the following in addition to the DD-214: (1) completed SF-15 form; and (2) proof of your entitlement (refer to SF-15 for complete list).

If you are active duty military- Certification on a letterhead from your military branch that includes your rank, character of service (must be under honorable conditions) & military service dates including discharge/release date (must be no later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted).

If you are a current Federal employee or Reinstatement Eligible: Submit your latest SF-50.

If you are eligible under an Interchange Agreement: Submit your latest SF-50.

If you are a former Peace Corp or VISTA volunteer: Submit your Description of Service.

If you are a current or former Land Management Agency Employee - Submit a and b:

 (a) one or more SF-50s, including your most recent one that shows you were on a competitive time-limited appointment(s) with a Land Management Agency and served on the appointment for a period(s) totaling more than 24 months without a break of 2 or more years.

 (b) Copy of your agency’s annual performance appraisal(s) or written reference(s) from a supervisor at the agency verifying satisfactory performance during your appointment(s).

If you have a disability: Submit proof of eligibility. For information on eligibility and required documentation, refer to USAJOBS’s People With Disabilities page.

If you are applying under another special appointment authority: Submit proof of your eligibility under the appropriate appointment authority. See USAJOBS's Resource Center for more information.

If you are ICTAP/CTAP eligible - submit a, b, and c: (a) proof of eligibility including agency notice; (b) SF-50, and (c) most recent performance appraisal.

If you are a current or former political appointee: Submit your SF-50.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
You will have access to many benefits including:

Health insurance (choose from a wide range of plans)
Life insurance coverage with several options
Sick leave and vacation time, including 10 paid holidays per year
Thrift Savings Plan (similar to a 401(k) plan)
Flexible work schedules
Transit and child care subsidies
Flexible spending accounts
Long-term care insurance
Training and development

Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Your application will be considered if you are a: Current career/career-conditional Federal employee Nationwide in the competitive service ; Reinstatement eligible; Special Appointing Authority eligible; VEOA eligible Veteran; ICTAP eligible; or OPM Interchange Agreement eligible. This position reports to the Central Office in Washington DC."	11323	Washington
IT Project Manager	Navy Federal Credit Union	Vienna, VA 22180	None	"YOUR LIFE'S MISSION: POSSIBLE

You have goals, dreams, hobbies and things you’re passionate about.
What’s Important to You Is Important to Us
We’re looking for people who not only want to do meaningful, challenging work, keep their skills sharp and move ahead, but who also take time for the things that matter to them—friends, family and passions. And we're looking for team members who are passionate about our mission—making a difference in military members' and their families' lives. Together, we can make it happen.
Don’t take our word for it.
FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®
Computerworld® Best Places to Work in IT
FORTUNE® Best Workplaces for Millennials
Forbes® America’s Best Employers
IND123

Basic Purpose

To provide full product/project lifecycle management of small to medium difficult IT projects from inception to completion. Ensure projects are delivered on schedule, within budget and in accordance with quality standards. Provide project leadership to ensure overall success and delivery of expected outcomes in support of Navy Federal’s strategic goals. Work is performed under regular supervision.

Responsibilities:

Apply and adhere to project management best practices by following the policies, procedures and methodologies established within the Systems Development Life CycleEnsure effective management of projects from inception through implementationCollaborate and negotiate with business partners and vendors to understand requirement needs and resolve any requirements gaps or risks/issuesPrepare and deliver status reports regarding project milestones, deliverables, dependencies, risks, and issues to management and stakeholdersOversee project progress to ensure project documentation and schedules are in compliance with previously agreed requirements and standardsMaintain and archive all project related documentationIdentify, communicate and resolve technical, tactical and operational project issues and risksExhibit intellectual agility and interpersonal flexibility to reassess, reflect and shift thinking as projects or strategic direction changesMay be required to support product delivery teams throughout full product lifecycleCommunicate project plan, changes, direction, approach, and priorities based on changing business requirements, circumstances, new information and/or budget considerations to stakeholdersMonitor and measure staff assignment results against project goals and task responsibilitiesProvide regular feedback to project members and input to the performance review processBuild and maintain relationships with team members, management, key stakeholders and/or external contacts (vendors, etc.)Scrum coordination for agile functions such as sprint planning, daily standups, retrospectives, sprint demos, story refinement, and release planning, etc.Full life–cycle project management
 o Establish and lead project teams
 o Develop project plan/scope/schedule/cost/communications
 o Procure and/or manage resources/timelines/deadlines/quality
 o Ensure that vendor meets or exceeds their contractual obligations by delivering quality products/services on time and within cost structure
 o Manage all financial management aspects of vendor delivery and provide feedback on vendor performance
 o Ensure successful project implementation
 o Manage project-level risks, issues, dependencies, and change management
Perform other duties as assigned

Qualifications and Education Requirements:

Exposure to project leadership and execution, including initiatives with technology, processes, cross–functional teams and external partner team membersFamiliarity with development or operations framework methodologies, including Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL), Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), etc.Basic skill in project management to include establishing and leading project teams; managing timelines/deadlines/resources; ensuring successful project implementationFamiliarity with project lifecycles and development methodologies, including agile project management principles and practicesExposure to leading agile development teams and facilitating team meetings in agile environmentExposure to working and participating in cross–functional, multi–dimensional teams and projectsExposure to managing multiple priorities independently and/or in a team environment to achieve goalsExposure to collaborating across organizational boundaries and building partnerships across various functionsBasic presentation skills with essential executive presenceExposure to leading, guiding and coaching professional staffExposure to vendor engagement related to project deliveryBasic skill building effective relationships through rapport, trust, diplomacy and tactBasic skill using innovative thinking to solve problems and facilitate the decision making processBasic organizational, planning and time management skillsBasic skill exercising initiative and using good judgment to make sound decisionsBasic skill communicating with all levels within an organizationBasic research, analytical, and problem solving skillsBasic skill resolving conflicting requests and meeting changing requirementsEffective verbal, interpersonal and written communication skillsEffective word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation software skills

Desired Skills:

Associate's degree in Information Technology, or related fieldFamiliarity with Navy Federal Project Portfolio ManagementFamiliarity with Navy Federal functions, philosophy, operations and organizational objectivesProject Management Professional Certification

Hours: Monday – Friday, 8:00 am to 4:30 pm

Location: 820 Follin Lane, Vienna, VA 22180 (Partial Telework Options)

Equal Employment Opportunity

Navy Federal values, celebrates, and enacts diversity in the workplace. Navy Federal takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans. EOE/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability

Disclaimer

Navy Federal reserves the right to fill this role at a higher/lower grade level based on business need. An assessment may be required to compete for this position.

Bank Secrecy Act

Remains cognizant of and adheres to Navy Federal policies and procedures, and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act."	11323	Washington
Supervisory IT Project Manager	US Bureau of Labor Statistics	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
Supervisory IT Project Manager positions located in DOL, Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), Office of Technology and Survey Processing (OTSP) provide IT support to all aspects of BLS data development initiatives. BLS measures labor market activity, working conditions, price changes, and productivity in the U.S. economy to support public and private decision making.
Positions are outside the bargaining unit.

Responsibilities
The incumbent directs multi-year IT projects through subordinate staff, and other assigned staff from BLS offices. Duties include but are not limited to responsibility for concurrently developing applications through all phases of the DOL System Development Life Cycle, including the inception, elaboration, development, and transition to production. As IT Project Manager, the incumbent:

Directs subordinates in the operation, maintenance, and disposition phase of existing systems.
Works with program officials to identify information systems requirements. Develops project plans, project schedules, resource estimates and cost estimates.
Ensures that projects stay within the project agreement for scope, schedule, and budget goals and identifies and implements changes to meet those goals.
Ensures the coordination of project activities with Project Team Members, and other Project Teams, as appropriate
Plans, coordinates and evaluates the programs and activities of the team. Supports and coordinates the activities of staff assigned to work on projects.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - Some work may require travel and to attendance at meetings and conferences away from the work site.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
14 - This position is at the Full Promotion Potential.
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Systems Managers
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. citizen and at least 16 years of age.
Requires a probationary period if requirement has not been met.
Appointment to this position may require a background investigation.
Requires a supervisory probationary period if requirement has not been met.
Applicants must meet all legal and regulatory requirements. Reference the ""Required Documents"" section for additional requirements.

You may not be aware, but in the regulations for agency ethics programs, there are requirements for supervisors. Section 2638.103 of Title 5 of the CFR states:

Every supervisor in the executive branch has a heightened personal responsibility for advancing government ethics. It is imperative that supervisors serve as models of ethical behavior for subordinates. Supervisors have a responsibility to help ensure that subordinates are aware of their ethical obligations under the Standards of Conduct and that subordinates know how to contact agency ethics officials. Supervisors are also responsible for working with agency ethics officials to help resolve conflicts of interests and enforce government ethics laws and regulations, including those requiring certain employees to file financial disclosure reports. In addition, supervisors are responsible, when requested, for assisting agency ethics officials in evaluating potential conflicts of interest and identifying positions subject to financial disclosure requirements.
Qualifications
Candidates must demonstrate proof of meeting the Minimum Qualifications, that is, BOTH the Experience and the Specialized Experience listed below.

Minimum Qualifications

Experience

IT-related experience; experience may be demonstrated by paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training (for example, IT certification), as appropriate. Experience must have demonstrated each of the four competencies listed below.

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. An experience indicator at this level includes planning, prioritizing, and organizing project/program requirements.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. An experience indicator at this level includes in-depth analysis and resolution of complex problems such as assessing customers’ needs and tailoring information about products and/or services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately. An experience indicator at this level includes orally justifying decisions, conclusions, findings, and/or recommendations in a professional setting such as orally presenting project/program-related information to engage in open and constructive discussions and sharing of information.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. An experience indicator at this level includes gathering and analyzing facts, drawing conclusions, and developing recommendations/identifying alternatives to solve complex problems such as utilizing various sources to conduct research to determine proper alternatives and providing recommendations to resolve project/program-level issues that impact the work and outcomes of an organization.

AND

Specialized Experience

Applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level, i.e. GS-13, in the federal service. This 52 weeks of specialized experience must be in the field of information technology, and equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to successfully perform the duties of the position. Specialized experience is defined as ALL of the following:

1. Demonstrated experience leading application development teams utilizing Agile SCRUM application development methodologies. An example of an experience indicator at this level includes delegating work, reviewing and monitoring work progress, reviewing final products i.e. completed code, and ensuring deadlines are met.

2. Extensive experience independently designing and developing complex application software for business applications. An experience indicator at this level includes both of the following: authoring software architecture work products such as object-oriented business and class models, sequence diagrams, activity diagrams, and/or technical specifications AND developing applications for multi-tiered environments consisting of web, application, and database layers.
Education
Education may not be substituted for experience at this level.
Additional information
DOL seeks to attract and retain a high performing and diverse workforce in which employees’ differences are respected and valued to better meet the varying needs of the diverse customers we serve. DOL fosters a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all individuals are able to participate and contribute to their full potential.

Refer to these links for more information:

GENERAL INFORMATION, ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION, FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES

Position Telework eligibility is determined by management based on position duties during the recruitment process. Employee participation in telework on a routine or situational basis is determined by management primarily based on business needs. Employees participating in telework are subject to the terms and conditions of the Department of Labor’s Telework Program.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
If you meet the minimum qualifications, you will be evaluated against the evaluation factors below and will be placed into a category based on your vacancy question responses.

Categories

Category A - Meets the minimum qualifications requirements and demonstrates superior proficiency in applying critical competencies required by this position.

Category B - Meets the minimum qualifications requirements and demonstrates satisfactory proficiency in applying critical competencies required by this position.

Category C - Meets the minimum qualifications requirements and demonstrates familiarity in applying critical competencies required by this position.

Evaluation Factors (Competencies) - All qualified applicants will be evaluated on the following key competencies:

Manages Human Resources: Plans, distributes, and monitors work assignments; evaluates work performance and provides feedback to others on their performance.
Oral Communication: Makes clear and convincing oral presentations. Listens effectively; clarifies information as needed.
Software Development: Knowledge of the principles, methods, and tools for designing, developing, and testing software in a given environment.
Software Engineering: Knowledge of software engineering design and development methodologies, paradigms, and tools; the software life cycle; software reusability; and software reliability metrics.
Project Management: Knowledge of the principles, methods, or tools for developing, scheduling, coordinating, and managing projects and resources, including monitoring and inspecting costs, work, and contractor performance.
Systems Life-Cycle: Knowledge of systems life cycle management concepts used to plan, develop, implement, operate, and maintain information systems.
Data Management: Knowledge of the principles, procedures, and tools of data management, such as modeling techniques, data backup, data recovery, data dictionaries, data warehousing, data mining, data archiving, data disposal, and data standardization processes.

The information you provide may be verified by a review of your work experience and/or education, by checking references and through other means (ex. interview). The examining Human Resources Office (HRO) makes the final determination concerning applicant ratings. Your resume MUST provide sufficient information to substantiate your responses to the vacancy questions. If not, the HRO may amend your responses to more accurately reflect the level of competency indicated by the content of your resume. Your evaluation may also include a review by a Human Resources Specialist or panel and may include other assessments (ex. interview, panel review, written test, writing sample, etc.)

INFORMATION FOR ICTAP/CTAP ELIGIBLES ONLY: If you are eligible for special priority selection under ICTAP/CTAP, you must be well-qualified for the position to receive consideration. ICTAP/CTAP eligibles who are placed into Category B or higher will be considered ""well-qualified"".

Click Application of Veterans Preference for Category Rating Jobs for more information.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Moderate Risk (MR)
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. (ET) on the vacancy closing date. You are not required to submit a document if it does not apply to you. Warning: If you submit a document using the same document title, the 2nd submission will OVERWRITE the 1st submission. Also, do not upload password-protected documents.
Proof of Minimum Qualifications: For Experience and Specialized Experience, your resume MUST contain detailed descriptions demonstrating that you meet the requirements listed in this announcement. If your resume does not demonstrate proof of the minimum qualifications, you will be deemed not qualified. See the Requirements section, i.e. under Qualifications, for more details.
 Veterans Documents (if applicable): To be considered as a 5-point preference eligible, you must submit a copy of your Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, DD214. Your DD-214 must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty. To claim 10-point preference, you must submit a copy of your DD214; an Application for 10-point Veteran's Preference, SF15; and the proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally an official statement, dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. (For active duty service members expecting honorable or general discharge or release within 120 days, click Active Duty). Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference. For more information, go to http://www.fedshirevets.gov/hire/hrp/vetguide/index.aspx
Displaced Employee Placement Documents – Only required if requesting priority consideration under CTAP or ICTAP eligibility.
Cover Letters are not mandatory and will not be used to verify experience, but may be submitted.
Applicants selected for employment who are not current DOL employees will be required to provide proof of citizenship, and the E-Verify system will be used to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S."	11323	Washington
IT Project Manager (PROJMGT)	US Office of Inspector General	Alexandria, VA	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is with Department of Defense (DoD) Office of Inspector General (OIG), Mission Support Team (MST) Component.

This job will close when we have received 100 applications which may be sooner than the closing date.
Responsibilities
Position located within the Strategic Planning and Performance Directorate, supporting the Defense Case Activity Tracking System (D-CATS) Program Management Office.
Supports oversight of a Level III Defense Business System and Department of Defense-wide enterprise application that offers case management capabilities to applicable investigation communities.
Assists in implementation of Agile software development methodologies and Scrum/SAFe frameworks, with industry leading business partners, as well as forward-leaning hosting and support service solutions.
Background in Microsoft Dynamics Customer Relationship Management, SharePoint, SQL, MIM, and other Microsoft technologies desired.
DevSecOps, SmartBear TestComplete (application administration and implementation within on/off-premise environments), data migration, and DoD OIG organizational knowledge are beneficial.
Facilitates customer engagements, requirements elicitation and decomposition, and their transition into production-ready products.
Collaborates with peer organizational entities, including Chief Information Officer personnel, enhancing operational support functions.
Ensures compliance with Business Capability Acquisition Cycle and Software Development Life-Cycle standards, supporting D-CATSe across sustainment, development, and to-be capability support activities.
Plans, directs, and coordinates IT projects to ensure established milestones are accomplished on time, within prescribed funding parameters, and in accordance with client business objectives.
Serves as Contracting Officer's Technical Representative for IT Support Service contracts; assists in developing contract requirements and specifications while monitoring compliance.
Candidate to operate within a cross-functional and high trust organization, where innovation and value-stream adherence is prioritized.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel 10% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
The incumbent must adhere to the DoD Standards of Conduct.
Ability to acquire and maintain an Information Assurance Technical (IAT) Level I certification to meet DoD Information Assurance Work Force requirements.
U.S. Citizenship or National
Suitable for Federal Employment
Registered for Selective Service (if applicable)
This national security position, which may require access to classified information, requires a favorable suitability review and security clearance as a condition of employment. Failure to maintain security eligibility may result in termination.
Position has been designated as Non-Critical Sensitive; incumbent is required to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
If you have not previously completed a probationary period with the Federal government in a similar position, you will be required to serve a two-year probationary period.
Incumbent is required to submit to urinalysis to screen for illegal drug use prior to appointment and is subject to random drug testing for the duration of service with DoD OIG.
Current DoD civilian employees are not required to submit to drug testing if moving from one Testing Designated Position (TDP) to another with no break in service, unless deemed appropriate on a case-by-case basis.
This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies within 90 calendar days of the initial issue date of the referral list.
Position(s) may be filled by displaced Department of Defense (DoD) employees through the Priority Placement Program.
All qualifications and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
Qualifications
To meet the basic requirements, you must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the next lower grade level.

GS-13
You must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the GS-12 grade level: Specialized Experience is defined as: Must have experience managing projects in the field of Information Technology. Must have knowledge in identifying and analyzing customer requirements, developing a business case, and conducting cost benefit analysis. Must have demonstrated experience developing, modifying, and implementing.

Volunteer Experience: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
Education is not substitutable for specialized experience for this grade level.
Additional information
Competitive wages, flexible schedules and one of the most comprehensive benefits packages found in either government or private sector. These extraordinary benefits encompass health, pay, work/life balance, growth & learning.
Moving expenses will not be paid.
Selections are subject to restrictions resulting from the DoD Program for Stability of Civilian Employment.
A two year probationary period may be required.
Telework availability will be based upon the mission requirements and supervisory determination.
We may use this announcement to fill additional vacancies within 90 days of the closing date.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or be exempt from Selective Service (see http://www.sss.gov)
Retired Civil Service Employee: Employment of retired Federal employees receiving an annuity is subject to the requirements of the Department of Defense (DoD) policy guidance. (See DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 300, at https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf.)
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): Applicants must be well-qualified, which is defined as meeting all of the minimum qualification standards and eligibility requirements as well as possessing skills that clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position established by the Best Qualified category definition.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Pay for first time hires to the Federal Government will typically be set at step 1 salary range for their respective grade level.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
IMPORTANT NOTE - YOU MUST FOLLOW ALL APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY. ERRORS OR OMISSIONS MAY AFFECT YOUR RATING.
Your resume and supporting documentation will be reviewed to determine if you meet the minimum qualification requirements for the position. Under the provisions of the Direct-Hire Authority (DHA), rating, ranking and veterans preference does not apply; therefore, your responses to the questionnaire will not be used to determine a scored rating. All applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements, as defined in the job opportunity announcement, will be referred for selection consideration. While veterans' preference does not apply in DHA, preference eligible are encouraged to submit their supporting documentation (DD-214 stating disposition of discharge or character of service, VA letter, SF-15, etc.)During further evaluation, you may be asked to provide additional information or participate in other methods of assessment, such as structured interviews. Individuals who are subject matter experts in the requirements of this position may participate in further evaluations. Your responses will be carefully reviewed and must be supported by factual information in your resume. Inflating or otherwise enhancing your qualifications and errors or omissions may result in lowering your self-rated level or loss of further consideration.
The Assessment Questionnaire takes approximately 15 minutes to complete and collects information on your education, training and experience related to the following critical competencies:

Communication
Contracting/Procurement
Information Technology Life Cycle Management
Information Technology Policy and Planning
Information Technology Program Management
Program Evaluation
Project Management
You can preview the Assessment Questionnaire here: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11140425

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
You must provide a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Resume: You are encouraged to choose only ONE method of submitting your resume. (HR will review the resume that the system date stamps as the latest one received and this may not be the resume, which best reflects your qualifications for the job and may result in an ineligible rating.) You may submit your resume by: attaching in your USAJOBS account. For assistance in preparing your resume, take a look at the DFAS Resume Tools.
2. Complete Assessment Questionnaire: Your resume must describe the quality of work in regards to responses to the occupational self-assessment questionnaire as they generate your numerical rating.
3. Other Supporting Documents.

The following supporting documents are ONLY required if applicable to your personal qualifications or status. They must be received by the closing date of the announcement or at the time of application if applying to an announcement with an extended closing date.

1. Transcripts and/or Certifications: All applicants to include current agency employees, must submit proof of education if the job announcement requires education to meet the basic qualification requirements, or if substituting education to meet the specialized experience requirements. Many applicants must also submit documentation for proof of meeting the basic education requirement. For additional information on acceptable documents, click here Transcripts and Certifications. All applicants to include current agency employees/contractors must also document your education and/or certifications in your resume. To be creditable, education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
2. Cover Letter: You may submit a cover letter which will be forwarded to the selecting official with your resume. Your cover letter will not be used to verify your qualifications or determine eligibility for preference.
3. ICTAP Eligibles: A copy of the RIF separation notice and SF-50 if available.

WARNING: Failure to submit a complete application package including any required documentation by 11:59 PM (EST) on 06/24/2021, or at the time of application for announcements with an extended closing date, may result in an ineligible rating and loss of consideration. To verify that your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select Application Status and More Information. The Details page will display the status of your application. It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered, uploaded, or faxed is received, legible and accurate. HR will not modify answers submitted by an applicant.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All US citizens. Applicants will not be rated or ranked. Veteran's Preference does NOT apply under the Direct Hire Authority (DHA)."	11323	Washington
IT Specialist (Project Manager) - SME (Open to both U.S. Citizens and Federal Employees)	US Office of the Secretary of Transportation	Washington, DC	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
The incumbent serves as an IT Project Manager, responsible for managing relationships with DOT Operating Administrations, OST Offices, and overall projects pertaining to the development of modern, enterprise IT Customer Relationship Management (CRM) applications, systems, solutions, and strategies by leveraging Microsoft Dynamics 365 (D365), Microsoft Office 365 (O365) cloud services, and the Microsoft Power Platform.

Responsibilities
The IT Specialist (Project Manager):

Identifies key business and technology drivers that impact application architectures, such as end-user requirements, existing software distribution capabilities, existing application environment (including legacy and packaged systems), and performance and availability requirements. Develops long and short-range strategies.
coordinates all aspects of the project system, development life cycle, such as the planning, implementation, contracts, budget, communication and operations and maintenance.
Operations, disaster recovery, business process re-engineering, systems analysis methodologies; web-based technologies and solutions; IT planning, project management, systems development methodologies, and document and content management.
Is responsible for a high level of customer service while providing the full range of IT support services to effectively, efficiently, and economically enable the COE to execute its safety mission through the application of modern IT strategies and solutions.
Serves as a senior expert for project and contract management, product evaluation, analysis and management of the implementation of a wide-range of services, related to the work flow based, Customer Relationship Management (CRM) applications, including product and delivery to the customers within the Department.
Develops and implements project and program management plans, tools, templates, and activities. Applies management principles including issue/risk management, program and cost control strategy, quality management, system release process, change control management, and transition management. Translates project requirements into detailed designs to be implemented while balancing needs for immediate action.
Applies management principles including issue/risk management, program and cost control strategy, quality management, system release process, change control management, and transition management. Translates project requirements into detailed designs to be implemented while balancing needs for immediate action.

The ideal candidate is a dynamic project manager versed in the system development life cycle of customer relationship management (CRM) projects and application management. We are looking for an independent, self-starter with excellent organization skills and ability to manage multiple, ongoing priority tasks for highly visible Office of the Chief Information Officer.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
End-User Support Specialists
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S.Citizen and eligible for consideration.
You must meet specialized experience to qualify.
Required documents must be submitted by the closing date.
Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the Selective Service.
PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).
TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade in the competitive or excepted service in the executive branch to satisfy time-in-grade restrictions contained in 5 CFR 300, Subpart F.
DEU REQUIREMENTS: Applicants selected under delegated examining procedures may be required to successfully complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).

Qualifications
To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the specialized experience qualifications requirement.

To qualify for the Grade 14, you must have at least one year of experience equal or equivalent to the GS-13, it must include:

Experience in managing IT Customer Relationship Management (CRM) application or platform for the development, modernization and improvement of business processes.
Experience in implementation of an agency-wide IT application as a shared service within a customer service environment.
Experience in gathering requirements across multiple stakeholders to ensure the integration of business and program directives.

In addition to meeting the above described specialized experience requirements, your IT experience will be evaluated and be expected to include described experience in the following competencies:

Attention to Detail: Work is thorough and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service: Working with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, providing information or assistance, assigning staff to resolve their problems, or satisfying their expectations; knowing about available products and services; committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication: Expressing information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); making clear and convincing oral presentations; listening to others, attending to nonverbal cues, and responding appropriately.
Problem Solving: Identifying problems; determining accuracy and relevance of information; using sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and making recommendations based on technical requirements.

For all types of consideration, experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

For additional information about applying to Federal positions, please click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-policies/#url=e4
Education
Additional information
This vacancy may be used by any DOT agency to fill similar positions within 90 days.

FLSA - Exempt
Bargaining Unit 1133

Position Sensitivity - Moderate Risk

The U.S. Department of Transportation strives to ensure that equity, transparency, accountability, collaboration, and communication permeate all that we do for the betterment of the Department, the traveling public, and our nation. As such, DOT values a highly diverse workforce of persons who promote a culture of belonging by respecting the personal dignity and worth of each individual and fostering a positive environment where all feel safe and welcome. If these commitments coincide with your personal ideals and professional aspirations, please consider joining the DOT family.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE: PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. If your resume/ application does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). Your resume must contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make a qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

To compete with U.S. Citizens: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be placed in one of four categories: Platinum, Gold, Silver or Bronze, which is based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. Within these categories, applicants eligible for veteran's preference that have provided supporting documents will receive selection priority over non-veterans. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position.

To compete with other competitive status government employees: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be scored based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. If referred, all relevant documents including performance appraisals and awards submitted with your application package will be forwarded to the hiring official for review.

Eligible Federal employees also seeking consideration for noncompetitive reassignment for this position, must indicate interest in the assessment. In eligibility question 14: select Yes/Other/Former Incumbency of a Position brought into the Competitive Service. Noncompetitive federal candidates must have competitive status on a SF-50, meet minimum qualifications, have served at the same grade or higher, and held or exceeded the promotion potential of this position.

All applicants: Your application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. The answers you select in the on-line process must be substantiated in your application package. If upon review, it is determined that your described work history, competencies, and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, your application may be updated on your behalf or you may not be referred to the selecting official. Please ensure that your work history provides enough details to support your answers. The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your final rating.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
RESUME - All applicants must provide a resume created within USA Jobs Resume Builder, that shows relevant experience, education and support the required specialized experience. Formatted resumes can by uploaded later in the application process.

TRANSCRIPTS are REQUIRED if there is a stated education requirement for the series OR if you are substituting education for experience. The transcripts need not be official, but must show that you meet the stated education requirements, including specific major or class requirements.

If you have already qualified and worked in the federal service in this series, you may provide an SF-50 in lieu of transcripts.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS/INCENTIVE AWARDS: If applicable, performance appraisals and/or Incentive award documentation may be submitted and forwarded to the selecting official in consideration of your application. To receive credit, submit a recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable (do not submit a performance plan) and/or incentive award documentation dated within the last 18 months (i.e. performance awards, special act or achievement awards, quality step increases, etc.).

VETERANS: Your last DD214 (member 4 copy), Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, that shows the type of discharge and all dates of active duty is required to verify your eligibility.

If applying to a vacancy opened to all US Citizens under category rating and wish to be considered as a preference eligible, you need to submit a copy of your DD214 (member-4 copy).
If claiming preference eligibility as a disabled veteran, you must submit proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally a valid letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. An SF-15 is desired, but not required.
If applying to a vacancy opened Status and you are requesting consideration under Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) (https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/shav/#veoa), you need to provide a copy of your last DD214 (member-4 copy), which verifies your military service dates, reason for separation, OR certification of separation that shows a discharge date within 120 days of the closing of this announcement, and eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act.

FEDERAL APPLICANTS: You must submit SF-50(s) that verify your highest competitive grade, full performance level, and eligibility as a federal applicant. DO NOT submit an award SF-50 as these often do not verify grade or eligibility. For consideration for a promotion, Box 4 of the SF-50 must show a date that is at least 52 weeks prior to the job announcement closing. We recommend submitting your last promotion SF-50, current SF-50 or within-grade increase SF-50. Pay adjustment raise SF-50s for the current year will not support the 52 weeks’ time-in-grade requirements. https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/service/SF-50/

NON COMPETITIVE APPLICANTS: If requesting concurrent consideration for Non-competitive (NC) appointment eligibility, you must provide the appropriate SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITY DOCUMENTS, such as PCS orders (military spouse) describing move & marriage certificate; letter from VA or DD214 describing 100% disability of spouse; letter from State Vocational Office certifying disability (schedule A), etc. For more information, visit military spouse NC appointments or Persons with Disabilities NC appointments.

DISPLACED EMPLOYEES: If requesting consideration under the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency CTAP program (ICTAP), you must meet the well qualified standards for this vacancy (meeting minimum requirements for position and scoring at least an 85 or falling in the Gold Category) and provide all of the following documents:

your most recent performance appraisal,
the proof of eligibility letter from the Agency, and
your most current SF-50, displaying current series and grade.

Displaced employees may be eligible for ICTAP or CTAP priority consideration. For more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.

Failure to submit any of the required documents by the closing date of the vacancy will result in your removal from consideration for this position. Please review your application prior to final submission and ensure you have submitted all appropriate documents. Uploading documents to USAJobs does NOT ensure inclusion with your application to our system. You must verify that the documents are in the system with your application prior to final submission.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Open to current and former Federal employees with competitive status, VEOA Applicants, AND All U.S. Citizens."	11323	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11323	Washington
IT Services Manager	outsourceIT	Washington, DC	$65,000 - $95,000 a year	outsourceIT is currently seeking a Service Manager. This role will lead and motivate a team of support staff to deliver excellent technical/non-technical support with outstanding customer service, satisfaction, and timeliness This position has frequent contact with customers, direct reports, peers, and vendors. The Service Manager will participate in the ongoing management of service level compliance, resolution of daily issues, and enforcing compliance within established company standards and policies pertaining to Service Ticket handling. The Service Manager is also responsible for performing QA checks, identifying trends, and making recommendations on how we can consistently improve the quality of service and response times to our customers. This position will report directly to the Vice President of Service and will be responsible for the overall experience and customer satisfaction of the interactions with the Service Desk.Who is outsourceIT?outsourceIT is a leading outsourced IT provider for small and medium (SMB) sized businesses. Our full-service product line is designed around the needs of SMB’s; Managed IT Services, Cloud-Based Application and Hardware Services, Cyber Security, and IT Consulting Services. As a customer-centric business, we focus on delivering products and services with a high degree of customer care. We strive to ensure every end-user experience is met with the same high degree of responsiveness and quality.Position ResponsibilitiesEnsure service requests are addressed in a timely manner through SLA monitoringDrive continuous process improvement to ensure Support Technicians are being utilized to their full potential while delivering consistent service levels and quick resolutionsMeasure and report the performance of the Support staff to identify performance trends and when appropriate, develop and implement changes to correct sub-standard performance issuesMonitor utilization and productivity of a local and remote support team and recommend changes in staffing levelsContribute to incident resolution by giving support to end users when necessaryTrain, coach, and mentor Support staff and ensure appropriate training initiatives for new and existing staffOversee new customer onboarding projects to deliver a complete and consistent experience to the customerAssist with identifying and recommending end user training programs to increase computer literacy and self-sufficiencyEnsure all requests opened for their team are being actively worked and progressing towards an expeditious resolutionSupervise, develop, and mentor their team members to help improve their technical knowledge and customer management skillsAssists with interviewing Support staff candidatesStay current on both the technology and product frontsWork late shift and/or on-call rotation as requiredPosition RequirementsBachelor’s degree or equivalent experienceMust have 5 years of experience working directly with Customer SupportPrior Managed Service Provider experienceManaged Services Platform Software – Kaseya and ConnectWiseAbility to troubleshoot technical issues at a high level to determine the appropriate path to resolutionDemonstrated success at a company in similar nature for a minimum of 3 years and as a Service Manager or similar for at least 2 yearsMust be capable of dealing confidently and professionally with CustomersMust be a team player and build good working relationships across all functionsMust have a strong personal drive for delivering industry-leading Customer support, and thrive in a fast-paced, high energy environment with a proactive focusOrganized and analytical, able to eliminate obstacles through creative and adaptive approachesAbility to overcome obstacles and obtain results under tight deadlinesDemonstrated strong written and verbal communicationMust be comfortable in the dynamic atmosphere of a technical organization with a rapidly expanding customer baseMust be prepared for moderate travel throughout outsourceIT’s service territoryAbility to work eight hours a day sitting, using a keyboard, and speaking on the phoneAbility to bend, stoop & carry at least 50lbsInsurable driving record & current driver licenseBenefitsAs a Service Manager with outsourceIT, you will be part of one of the leading Managed Service Providers in the region, an organization with more than 15 years of success in providing outstanding support and technologies to the SMB market. There’s no shortage of training and advancement opportunities and you will have the opportunity to work alongside some of the industries most experienced engineers. Your hard work and dedication will be rewarded with a competitive compensation package.As a Service Manager, you are eligible to receive:Excellent and affordable health, dental and vision coverageIRA15 days PTO (vacation and discretionary leave)Paid holidaysTraining reimbursementEducational reimbursementFrequent company social eventsWe look forward to you joining our team!Job Type: Full-timePay: $65,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:www.outsourceitcorp.comCompany's Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/outsourceIT.MD/	11323	Washington
IT Project Manager	Emerging Tech, LLC	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$100,000 a year	"Must be authorized to work in the US
Job Summary
Emerging Tech is seeking a technically savvy and high-energy professional to fill a Information Technology (IT) Project Management position. The successful candidate will manage critical, day to day project activities, proactively manage risks and issues, and collaborate with technical and non-technical team members. This individual should have the ability to quickly earn the trust of key internal and external stakeholders, lead and inspire teams, set project direction and approach, resolve conflict, deliver tough messages with honesty and grace, and occasionally execute with limited information and ambiguity. The successful applicant will have the opportunity to play a major role in the IT-enabled transformation of connected healthcare.
Required Skills:
Strong leadership with excellent written and oral communications.
Effectively communicate with colleagues, stakeholders, and leaders at all levels of the organization to gather data and information and to support strategic plans and proactively provides updates on project status
Build partnerships with all support groups and teams
Act as a driver for process design, documentation and improvements as needed.
Perform ad-hoc requests as made by the Director of Operations, including but not limited to process workflow design, designing, and managing emergent processes, and other areas.
Oversee the IT Operation process for the review, analysis and closure of action requests, vendor deliverables and travel plans, including identifying appropriate POCs, triaging requests and actions, coordination of approval/review meetings, ongoing tracking of submissions, review/technical editing of responses before returning to requestors and reviewing status.
Ability to working closely with key stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Experience with technical project life cycles and project methodologies.
Create and manage project plans as well as track project performance and progress.
Ability to track project costs (Budgets v Actuals).
Conduct schedule analysis, data mapping across schedule dependencies and follow up with the scheduler owners, as needed.
Strong Risk and Issue management with the ability to effectively communicate and mitigate or escalate risks & issues with stakeholders and executive level management when required.
Ability to work with technical team and to identify solutions for system problems when working with new technology.
Capable in providing technical and project related direction to systems analysts, programmers and other technical personnel on assigned tasks.
Proficient in Office 365 and all Microsoft Products.
Ability to create and update Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) using MS Project
Minimum of 10 years of experience with a related Bachelors Degree or 18 years of relevant experience may be substituted for the degree requirement.
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific/technical discipline.
Preferred but not required:
PMP or Equivalent Certification
Experience with Cerner and/or other EHR preferably with sustainment activities.
Health Care Experience
Benefits:
Retirement Plan
Group Health Insurance (Health, Dental, and Vision)
Paid Time Off
Referral Bonus
Opportunity for Performance Evaluation/Retention Bonus
Compensation:
Competitive – Based on Skills and Experiences
Full Time Direct Hire
Annual Salary: $100K +
IDkuW5IAmn"	11323	Washington
Administrator I	MEDSTAR HEALTH	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	"MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute-care teaching and research hospital with 609 beds located in Northwest Washington, D.C. Founded in the Jesuit principle of cura personalis—caring for the whole person—MedStar Georgetown is committed to offering a variety of innovative diagnostic and treatment options within a trusting and compassionate environment.
MedStar Georgetown’s centers of excellence include neurosciences, transplant, cancer and gastroenterology. Along with Magnet® nurses, internationally recognized physicians, advanced research and cutting-edge technologies, MedStar Georgetown’s healthcare professionals have a reputation for medical excellence and leadership
Job Summary
This position serves as Administrative Operations Manager for the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Responsible for personnel, payroll, computerized systems, telecommunications, and facilities as it relates to the department. This position works with all Department Administrators, Associate Administrators, Nursing Coordinators, Managers, and Supervisors in the areas of human resources, facilities, financial planning and department policies, ensuring that all are trained according to these policies. This position works closely with as well as under the general direction of the Department Administrator, actively participating in strategic planning, construction and growth projects. Acts as back-up for the account analyst for the department. These functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and Georgetown University Hospital’s philosophy, policies, procedures and standards.
Education, Experience, and License Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Must have five to seven years of administrative experience, preferably in an academic medical center setting.

Job Responsibilities
PERSONNEL
Initiates and completes all paperwork required for personnel transactions for departmental faculty and staff (ca. 100). Reviews and authorizes signature for department personnel paperwork. Interacts on behalf of the department with human resources, payroll, and medical center. Maintains position log and tracks job descriptions, vacancies, and merits. Works with both GUH and University Human Resources departments.
Determine new position needs and type in consultation with department senior Management Team, physicians or Principal Investigator with attention to fiscal feasibility. Identifies positions and initiates, completes and submits all paperwork required for position reclassification, working closely with Human Resources personnel. Reviews all staff evaluations for accuracy and completeness and instructs department managers as to content.
Instructs and guides department managers as to disciplinary and termination process of all staff, prepares and serves as authorized signature for documents and actively participates in the action. Responds to internal and external grievance inquires and participates in other labor relations activities. Recommends and initiates staff incentive action and other staff morale development activities.
Develops and maintains spreadsheet tracking of all department staff competency requirements, license requirements and ensures managers enable staff to complete as needed.
Orients all permanent and temporary employees to the department. Interviews and assists with the selection of candidates for various positions.
Expert for the department regarding personnel policy and procedures. Ensures that department policies are in accordance with Medical Center and external regulatory policies and legislation. In absence of Department Administrator has authority to make operational decisions to keep department goals on target.
Establishes and maintains current policies for department concerning dress code, office hours, staff functions, holidays, and others as needed. Trains department managers on policies and monitors compliance.
Ensures that Pay for Performance standards are being met. Participates in the establishment of and monitors merit budget at the division/unit level.
Develops and enacts reduction in force procedures for department as necessitated.
PAYROLL
Responsible for a faculty and staff payroll in excess of eight million dollars yearly, insuring the correct allocation of salaries as it relates to department and hospital cost centers.
Prepares and approves department faculty and staff PTF's and payroll journal vouchers as needed to ensure correct salary amounts and accurate salary allocations.
Expert for department regarding salary offers for new hires addressing like position equity and conducts salary discussions with new hires.
Handles or directs all tasks related to biweekly and monthly payroll, i.e. calculates and approves weekly department payroll, distributes checks, and prepares memos and paperwork for corrections.
Reviews paperwork submitted by satellite offices for accuracy. Responsible for security of checks.
Ensures that all deadlines have been met and employees are paid on time. Verifies leave accruals.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT, FUNCTIONS, AND COMMUNICATIONS
As department Telecommunications Manager: Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all submitted telephone service requests. Determines which services are needed by individuals. Reviews department phone bills for accuracy and to determine areas where costs could be cut.
Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all computer/printer service requests i.e. moves, access, and software. Orders and maintains office equipment to include: copiers, fax machine, telephones, pagers, dictation/transcription equipment, lounge appliances, and others as needed. Recommends new capital equipment purchases as needed. Participates in allocating furniture, signage, and other office resources.
Facility Maintenance: Contact and liaison for engineering, housekeeping facilities, and security. Approves all key requests. Obtains space renovation estimates. Coordinates all department office moves and signage requests.
Authorized signature for expense authorizations in the absence of the Account Analyst.
Active member of Practice Oversight Committee reviewing Practice trends and advising/recommending changes to enhance financial stability, JACHO compliance, customer service and staff longevity.
Exemplifies Guest and Staff Relations standards in all activities and holds staff accountable for conformity with those standards in all activities.
Assumes other duties and responsibilities that are appropriate to the position and area. The above responsibilities are a general description of the level and nature of the work assigned to this classification and are not to be considered as all inclusive.
About MedStar Health
MedStar Health is dedicated to providing the highest quality care for people in Maryland and the Washington, D.C., region, while advancing the practice of medicine through education, innovation and research. Our 30,000 associates and 5,400 affiliated physicians work in a variety of settings across our health system, including 10 hospitals and more than 300 community-based locations, the largest visiting nurse association in the region, and highly respected institutes dedicated to research and innovation. As the medical education and clinical partner of Georgetown University for more than 20 years, MedStar is dedicated not only to teaching the next generation of doctors, but also to the continuing education and professional development of our whole team. MedStar Health offers diverse opportunities for career advancement and personal fulfillment."	11323	Washington
Work Based Learning Program Data Center Project Assistant	Amazon Data Services, Inc.	Sterling, VA	None	"
High School diploma or equivalent education
18 years or older
Ability to work 40 hours/week. Must be able to work 10 hour shifts as needed.
Able to start August 2021.
1+ years of experience with Microsoft Office Suite - Word, Excel and Outlook required;
1+ years of experience with SharePoint (or similar)

We are currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to serve as support to our Data Center Project Engineers. Ideal candidates will partner with multiple Data Center Project Engineers to handle administrative tasks freeing up their time to focus on organizational goals. A quick thinker, your flexibility and adaptability are key to constantly changing demands and priorities. You will frequently find yourself in the center of everything that happens on the team. You are pivotal to the success of a well-run, efficient, productive and happy team.

In this role, you will wear many hats! Administrative Assistants perform an array of administrative functions critical to running an organization efficiently. You will strategically manage your Data Center Project Engineer's Administration tasks of:


Badge requests and vendor on-boarding
Project input requests
Project funding submission, Vendor Purchase Requests and Orders
Changes to the Risk Assessment, Method of Procedure templates, etc.
Change Management Approvals and schedule coordination
Managing of scopes of work
Track delivery of material with the Power and Cooling Supply team
Coordinate plans for internal equipment transfers
IT equipment procurement
Team wiki updates
Travel arrangements
Update Playbook
Update status at the managers’ request
Misc. project support for new hires Closeout documents (Agile, daily scans, Quality Control, etc.)
Manage requests for access

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.


1+ years of experience planning and time management
1+ years of experience in construction, or data center environments
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit US Disability Accommodations."	11323	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER (W2/1099 POSITION)	DAtec	Rockville, MD	None	IT Project ManagerLocation: McLean, VADuration: 6 Months with possible extension/ Possible contract to hireJob Description: - Project management experience in mortgage industryTechnical/Soft Must Haves: - Previous Client experience is strongly preferred.- Previous Mortgage industry experience with other related organizations will be a second choice.- Must have Agile experience.- CyberArk experience would also be a big plus.Experience in: - Running complex projects with small-size budget and scope spanning across several systems- Running projects using software development life cycle (SDLC), Agile methodology, Application Maintenance Change Process (AMCP) and project management life cycle (PMLC)- Excellent communication, influencing and collaboration skills- Good organization, presentation and customer service skillsStrong experience in project management processes: - Budget management and resource management- Communication- Risk management- Scope and change request management- Schedule management- Internal controls and quality managementJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $99,999.00 per hourApplication Question(s):EMAIL ID?Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19Speak with the employer+91 00000	11323	Washington
IT Support Manager	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
Bachelor's degree, or relevant experience
2+ years’ experience managing a technical support team

At Amazon, we strive to be Earth’s most customer-centric company where we can find and discover anything we want to buy online. We hire the world’s brightest minds, offering them an environment in which one can relentlessly improve the customer experience. Innovation and creativity are built into the DNA of the company and are encouraged at all levels of employment. Every day we solve complex technical and business problems with ingenuity and simplicity. We’re making history and the good news is we’ve only just begun.
AWS IT Services Support team provides highly-available IT support for Amazon employees worldwide. We provide support for all used client applications, operating systems, email, VPN, mobile devices, and common collaboration services such as SharePoint and Exchange. Our customers may engage us via phone, chat, in person, or trouble ticketing.
You will manage local and/or remote resources and assist the global organization to define the perfect customer experience and own the strategies to create that experience. You will help the group develop and leverage their knowledge base to expedite the resolution of recurrent issues. You will identify ways to proactively reduce requests through automation, documentation, and process improvement. You will set high standards for issue handling, escalation and problem management across the organization and guide the team with metrics and goals that clearly measure their success.
You will work alongside a group of leaders to define the priorities and track the metrics and key performance indicators within the organization as a whole. You will hold service owners accountable to resolve issues on behalf of your customers.

Responsibilities include:

Leading a team of Support Engineers. Recognizing inefficiency and driving process improvement to enhance the productivity of all Amazonian's.
Measuring, monitoring, and maintaining the team’s ability to meet or exceed contact and resolution Service Level Agreements (SLA).
Coordinating a variety of projects in an operational environment.
Written and verbal communication with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.
Working with engineering teams to plan for the support of new tools and services and improving the level of support provided for existing ones.
Developing and maintaining policies, procedures, and processes.
Hiring, developing, and retaining great talent.
Reducing contacts through process improvement and root cause analysis.
Responding to inquiries, escalations, and establishing partnerships with key customers and service owners.
An understanding of enterprise IT systems such as Exchange and Active Directory, as well as exposure to a wide variety of technical products and issues
Experience and/or qualification relating to but not limited to: Linux, Cisco, ITIL, and Microsoft
Technical troubleshooting and strong analytical skills
Established time and project management skills with the ability to lead multiple projects simultaneously
Experience in ITIL Framework
Proven ability to operate in an extreme high pressure dynamic fast paced situations, successfully handle multiple competing priorities and possess a high level of discipline while displaying a high degree of flexibility and professionalism
Experience communicating cross-functionally and across management levels in formal and informal settings
Experience in making data-driven decisions

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"	11323	Washington
IT Project Manager (SYSANALYSIS)	US Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agenc...	Arlington, VA	$72,750 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
Who May Be Considered:
Status Candidates
Veterans
Land Management Eligibles under the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act.
View common definitions of terms found in this announcement.


This position is located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), Infrastructure Security Division.

Responsibilities
The Infrastructure Security Division (ISD) focuses on protecting critical infrastructure from all hazards by managing risk and enhancing resilience through collaboration with the critical infrastructure community, which includes private sector owners, operators, and employees; State, local, tribal, and territorial officials; and other Federal agencies.

The primary purpose of the position is to serve as the IT Program Manager (SYSANALYSIS). Typical work assignments include:

Standardizes systems design methods and coordinates implementation of process improvement methods and concepts
Leads IT system project activities and coordinates with Integrated Product Team members.
Develops methods to monitor and measure risk, compliance, and assurance efforts.
Conceptualizes, designs, procures, and/or builds security information technology (IT) systems.
Manages the package of support functions required to field and maintain the readiness and operational capability of systems and components.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. citizen to apply for this position.
You must successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a credit check, a review of financial issues, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs.
Selective Service - males born after 12/31/59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service see http://www.sss.gov/
You must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
Current Federal employees must meet time-in-grade requirements.
One-year probationary period may be required.
You must submit to a drug test and receive a negative test result prior to appointment to this position.
If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application.
DHS uses e-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities.
Relocation expenses are not authorized. Other recruitment incentives may be authorized.
This position has been designated excluded from bargaining unit representation under the national security provision of 5 USC Section 7112(B)(6).
All employees are required to participate in Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer for salary payments.
This position may be designated as essential personnel. Essential personnel must be able to serve during continuity of operation events without regard to declarations of liberal leave or government closures due to weather, protests, and acts of terrorism or lack of funding. Failure to report for or remain in this position may result in disciplinary or adverse action in accordance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations (5 U.S.C. § 7501-7533 and 5 CFR Part 752, as applicable).

Qualifications
You qualify for this position if you possess information technology related experience demonstrating each of the four required competencies:
Attention to Detail: Performs analysis of systems and reviews processes for improvement or new proposed systems.
Customer Service: Work with internal and/or external clients to ensure proper operation of IT systems.
Oral Communication: Expresses information that can be technical in nature to leadership or staff to ensure proper IT operations
Problem Solving: Identifies problems and determines appropriate system changes, upgrades or design to ensure proper function.
In addition to the above requirement, you may qualify for the GS-11 grade level, if you possess any of the following:

A. At least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-09 grade level. Specialized experience includes:
Providing advice and guidance to management on minor IT issues, and
Assisting with the development, scheduling, and coordination of IT projects and resources; OR,
B. I have a Ph.D. or equivalent or 3 full years of progressively higher-level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related; OR,


C. I have appropriate combination of successfully completed graduate level education and experience described in A and B above, that, when combined, equals 100% of the total requirement.

You may qualify for the GS-12 grade, if you possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 grade. Specialized experience includes:
Providing recommendations on critical IT issues to meet business requirements; and
Using methods and tools for risk assessments and mitigations to manage projects risks.
Such experience is typically gained in the IT field or through the performance of work where the primary concern is IT.

NOTE: Your resume must support your responses to the online questionnaire, the qualification and time-in-grade requirements. Failure to do so will result in an ineligible rating.

Time-in-Grade Requirements: Under competitive merit promotion procedures, any individual who is currently holding, or who has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under a non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet ""time-in-grade"" requirements (have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade of the grade for which you are applying).

NOTE: Current and former employees MUST submit a copy of their SF-50 Form which shows competitive service appointment (""position occupied"" block 34 on the SF-50 should show a ""1""), tenure group (block 24 should show a 1 or 2), grade, and salary. If you are applying for a higher grade, please provide the SF-50 Form which shows the length of time you have been in your current/highest grade (examples of appropriate SF50s include appointment, reassignment, with-in grade/range increases and promotion actions). Please note: Pay adjustments and awards do not include the length of time in your current position, therefore, they are NOT acceptable. If you have promotion potential in your current position, please provide proof. Employees applying with an interchange agreement must provide proof of their permanent appointment.

You MUST meet all qualification requirements, including Time-in-Grade, by the closing date of this announcement. Qualification AND time-in-grade claims will be subject to verification.

NOTE: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
Promotion Potential: The full performance level of this position is GS-13.

This is a non-supervisory position.

Pursuant to Executive Order 12654 and DHS policy, DHS is committed to maintaining a drug-free workplace and, therefore, conducts random and other drug testing of its employees in order to ensure a safe and healthy work environment. Headquarters personnel in safety- or security-sensitive positions are subject to random drug testing and all applicants tentatively selected for employment at DHS Headquarters are subject to drug testing resulting in a negative test result.

Current or Former Political Appointees: The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Applicants will be evaluated on their resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, your experience, education and training will be rated using an Assessment Questionnaire that is based on the following competencies or knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to perform this job:

Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Information Technology Program Management
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Systems Life Cycle
Teamwork
Writing
Candidates who apply under Competitive Merit Promotion procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are best qualified based. Qualifications will be based on the content of their resume and their responses to the questionnaire. Best qualified candidates will be referred if all required supporting documentation has been provided.

Candidates who apply under Non-competitive and Special Hiring Authorities procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are minimally qualified based on the content of their resume, supporting documentation submitted and their responses to the assessment questionnaire.

If you are determined qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview. Preview the Assessment Questionnaire, click https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11141796

Career Transition Assistance Program: This program applies to Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed, or employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet eligibility criteria for CTAP or ICTAP; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position with a score of 85 or above; and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your CTAP or ICTAP eligibility. Well-Qualified includes those applicants whose knowledge, skills, and abilities clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position. For information on eligibility criteria and required documentation, go to: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/

For Competitive Merit Promotion and Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA) Applicants: The highest rated candidates will be referred to the hiring agency.

For Non-competitive Appointment Eligibles: All qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring agency.

Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA): To be eligible for a VEOA appointment, the veteran must 1) be a preference eligible; or 2) be a veteran separated after 3 or more years of continuous active service performed under honorable conditions (you must submit a DD214-member copy 4).

Interchange Agreement possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links below.
Veterans
Peace Corps/VISTA volunteers,
persons with disabilities
Interchange Agreement

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you must submit a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Your resume showing a detailed description of your job-related qualifications that includes beginning and ending dates with the month and year and hours worked per week (if less than 40) for each paid and non-paid work experience job title listed.
2. Other supporting documents (only submit if applicable):

Are you a current or former federal employee? Submit a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action that demonstrates your eligibility for consideration, e.g., length of time you have been in your current/highest grade (examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, with-in grade/range increases); your current promotion potential; proof of permanent appointment if applying based on an interchange agreement; etc.
Are you a veteran? Submit Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 or other (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty) or notice form. Those applying for 10-Point preference must fill out the SF-15 and provide an official document dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs or from a branch of the Armed Forces, and/or any other associated documentation based on your preference. If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions.
Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP/CTAP)? If so, submit:
A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for failure to relocate, notice of disability annuity termination, or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement;
A copy of your SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'', documenting your RIF separation, noting your position, grade level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc.;
A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and
Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.
Are you eligible for a special noncompetitive hiring authority (e.g., Schedule A Disability, Peace Corps, Former Overseas Employees, etc.)? Submit documentation of proof that supports your eligibility under a special hiring authority.
Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent political appointment:
Position title;
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee);
Agency; and
Beginning and ending dates of appointment.
You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and/or incentive awards.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
National Guard & Reserves
Current members, those who want to join, or transitioning military members.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Status Candidates (this includes current or former Federal employees with career or career-conditional tenure in the competitive service, Former Overseas Employees, CTAP, ICTAP, VRA, VEOA, 30% or More Disabled Veterans, Schedule A, Military Spouses, Americorps, Peace Corps, Vista, Land Management, and Interchange Agreement Eligibles)"	11323	Washington
Senior Project Manager	Enovational	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	$110,000 - $150,000 a year	Enovational Corp is a fast growing technology startup building web and mobile applications. We specialize in delivering award-winning user experiences paired with solid technology, as both client solutions and our own consumer products. And we believe our successes come from our teamwork and mutual respect for each other’s talents and unique perspectives.So when we say we are looking for a Senior Project Manager, yes, we want someone who is eloquent, well organized, empathetic with exceptional skills in project management, communication, coaching, and relationship building. We also need a team member who will provide team leadership and do what it takes to help us deliver successful projects and maintain a collaborative and learning-oriented company culture.What you might do on any given day: Validate and improve upon the approach for a given project including defining roles, stakeholder involvement, risks, dependencies, deliverables, review and approval processes, and anticipated milestone dates. Support project leads in adjusting throughout the course of the project.Work with stakeholders and subject matter experts on the client side, as well as internal team members, to understand, document and manage the scope of work for a given project.Review and improve upon project governance and project management documentation produced by other project managers, such as project plans, schedules, communications plans, risk registers, status updates, critical paths, etc.Foster analytical thinking and collaborate with our internal team to conduct work breakdowns, identify necessary resources, and collect estimates regarding time and complexity of tasks.Provide appropriate coaching, direction and delegation to project team members, including other project managers.Produce materials and leadership that furthers the skills and learning of team members through participation in our internal project management community.Help project teams manage client expectations around timelines, deliverables, and scope of work with sophistication to set up both clients and internal teams for success.Oversee all client communications from the project team, including providing timely and accurate status updates.Monitor delivery progress and determine if teams have the velocity, skills, and tools to execute work according to the current project plan, and continuously assess the need to change tactics or supplement personnel.We think you’ll enjoy working with our team if you: Can coach others on organization, time management and prioritization.Are good at handling multiple initiatives and work streams at once.Enjoy taking the lead as much as letting others take the lead.Know how to respectfully guide clients and team members to reasonable expectations that set them up for success.Are comfortable dealing with clients and team members coming from diverse backgrounds and experiences, and finding common ground.Can turn difficult situations, conflicts, and criticisms into opportunities to apply your and the team’s problem-solving skills and find positive outcomes for all parties involved.Work with humility, like to listen to understand, ask thoughtful questions, and don't feel the need to push your own message or agenda.Are genuinely passionate about what you do. You are a perpetual learner and excited to experiment for team and process growth..Can work quickly and deftly to understand what the current moment or situation needs, and are able to then coach the team to respond appropriately with a document, email or meeting that pushes the effort forward.Have a positive yet practical attitude. You are willing to take on any task that might help move one of our projects a little further.This position might not be for you if you: Don’t like to be the one to keep track of the bigger picture or the details.Struggle to stay organized, identify the steps to get to a bigger goal, or outline a necessary sequence of activities.Would prefer to avoid a difficult situation or conflict with clients or teams rather than having an honest and compassionate conversation to find a positive resolution.Are not comfortable with both providing and receiving feedback, direction, coaching, or task delegation.Prefer to determine what’s right for the client or team on your own, without taking their input or feedback into account.Are looking for a team to execute your personal vision, process, and ideas rather than using a collaborative and adaptive approach, relying on your team members capabilities and recommendations.Aren't comfortable working directly with clients and users, and not willing to travel to Maryland or D.C. to meet with them in person.Work better in structured environments or have trouble with ambiguity and uncertainty.If you’re interested in applying: Candidates for this position will have at least 5 years of experience working in an agile environment and a bachelor’s degree in business administration, social sciences or technology, though we will consider other areas of study or equivalent work experience. Our ideal candidate has earned a PMP, CMP or other comparable industry certification, and has at least three years of experience in agile project management or consulting. We’re a growing company and care very much about creating an amazing work environment with great growth opportunities, and hope that you’ll join us early on and help shape a bright and exciting future for our ambitious company.To apply, go to the Senior Project Manager job posting on enovational.com/careers and submit:Your resumeA cover letter describing one or more large projects you’ve had to manage, and how your contribution helped make those projects a success, or simply why you’re interested in this positionJob Type: Full-timePay: $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payExperience:Agile Project Management: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeCompany's website:enovational.comCompany's Facebook page:www.facebook.com/enovational/Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11323	Washington
Manager, Architecture and Technology	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12387

Organization: IFC

Sector: Information Technology

Grade: GH

Term Duration: 3 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 7/2/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Established in 1944, the World Bank Group (WBG) is one of the world’s largest sources of funding and knowledge for development solutions. The WBG consists of five specialized institutions: The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), the International Development Association (IDA), the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), and the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID).
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) is the largest global development institution focused on the private sector in emerging markets. Working with 2,000 businesses worldwide, the Corporation uses over six decades of experience to create opportunities where they are needed most. Private sector financial development is essential to the promotion of successful and sustainable economies in low- and middle-income countries around the world. Sound and efficient financial markets can ensure that resources are allocated where they are most productive, assisting job creation and spurring economic growth.
IFC has embarked on an ambitious new growth strategy, the outcome of which will be to double our volume of business by 2030 and triple the work we do in Low Income Countries (LICs) and Fragile and Conflict affected States (FCS). To do so, IFC will need to deploy its full range of financing, mobilization, advisory, convening and thought leadership skills. This also calls for the need to generate our own opportunities by proactively working “Upstream” to create, deepen, and expand markets and opportunities for the private sector and to imagine, design and implement investment projects. This strategy also relies on a closer WBG collaboration through the “Cascade” approach: working with clients, we will first seek private sector solutions to address development challenges—where such solutions are advisable and can be effective—and reserve public financing for projects only when other options are suboptimal.
VPU Context: Information and Technology Solutions (ITS) enables the WBG to achieve its mission of ending extreme poverty by 2030 and boosting shared prosperity in a sustainable manner by delivering transformative information and technologies to its staff working in over 130 client countries. ITS services range from: establishing the infrastructure to reach and connect staff and development stakeholders; providing the devices and agile technology and information applications to facilitate the science of delivery through decentralized services; creating and maintaining tools to integrate information across the World Bank Group, the clients we serve and the countries where we operate; and delivering the computing power staff need to analyze development challenges and identify solutions. The ITS business model combines dedicated business solutions centers that provide services tailored to specific World Bank Group business needs and shared services that provide infrastructure, applications and platforms for the entire Group. ITS is one of three VPUs that have been brought together as the World Bank Group Integrated Services (WBGIS), to provide enhanced corporate core services and enable the institution to operate as one strategic and coordinated entity.
Unit Context: The mission of the Corporate Information Technologies Department (CIT) is to leverage technology to enable IFC’s strategic priorities and to support IFC’s business and operations. By acting as the technology partner and business enabler, the department provides state-of-art information and technology solutions to support IFC’s Investment & Advisory Services, Financial Operations, Treasury & the Asset Management Company. We work closely with the business to design solutions that automate business processes, help enable business responsiveness to clients, improve operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, and manage risks. We are committed to delivering business solutions that deliver value for money while we continue to excel at the basics by providing IFC with an integrated digital platform that connects policies, processes, people, and knowledge across the institution in a holistic and staff-centric manner. CIT aims to ensure that our solutions meet the business needs of users across a range of functions including operations and corporate business processes, information, knowledge and learning, data and analytics, and more.

CIT is seeking a Manager to lead, guide, and manage the IFC’s Architecture and Technology unit. The position will report to IFC Chief Information Officer. The Architecture and Technology Manager (hereafter also referred as the Manager) will lead a unit that provides support to CIT’s two business portfolios (Frontline Operations and Frontline Finance), as well as work in a complementary and collaborative fashion with various WBG ITS units to help execute IFC’s Information management and technology strategy

First and foremost, the Architecture and Technology Manager will work very closely with WBG ITS Enterprise Architecture unit to ensure that a strong enterprise architecture, aligned with the WBG enterprise architecture principles and standards, is in place to guide the implementation of all IFC’s systems. The Manager will lead a team of business process, data, application, and technology architects in developing and governing the IFC’s enterprise architecture for all existing and to-be-built systems. He/she will provide the vision and leadership in articulating the future state of the IFC’s enterprise architecture, and champion the effort to implement the necessary architectural changes in existing systems to reach the desired objectives. The Architecture and Technology Manager will provide oversight of all architecture related aspects in the IFC’s Investment Program. In this capacity, he/she will partner with ITS Enterprise Architecture team to structure and manage the IFC’s Enterprise Architecture Review Board, the main governance body responsible for all aspects of the IFC’s architecture and technology.

Secondly, the Architecture and Technology Manager will work with ITS Enterprise Services unit to ensure sound, robust, high performance, and updated infrastructure is in place for all dependent IFC applications, agree and coordinate all relevant technical and infrastructure upgrades and changes.

Thirdly, the Architecture and Technology Manager will lead the unit to work jointly with ITS Technology Innovation unit and make use of various ITS technology and innovation experts to help drive CIT’s innovation effort, and help increase the rate of adoption of innovative technologies in IFC.

The Architecture and Technology Manager will also act as the key adviser to the IFC CIO on all technology matters and serve as a spokesperson for the IFC’s architecture and technology matters, both internally and externally, including representing IFC’s interests in the WBG’s Architecture Review Board.

Duties and Accountabilities
Develop and manage the IFC’s Architecture and Technology function, with particular focus on establishing the vision, business plan, and strategic staffing. In this respect, the Architecture and Technology Manager will lead the setting up of the key components of the unit, including (a) business process architecture, (b) data and information architecture, (c) systems and technologies architecture, (d) infrastructure and environment support, and (e) innovation.Lead the analysis of IFC’s business processes, data and systems landscape to recommend the direction for the to-be state of IFC’s enterprise architecture.Develop and provide applications platforms and tools that will guide the implementation, integration, and management of solutions in support of IFC IT Program, in alignment with a standard framework that ensures scale leverage and risk controls.Provide architecture and technology guidance to IFC’s Investment Program that will optimize the identification of solutions with an integrated view of the entire IFC application landscape.Analyze technologies and market trends in the industry, and determine potential applicability at the IFC, including but not limited to areas such as AI, robotic, automation, IOT, blockchain, virtualization, edge and cloud computing, mobility and more.In coordination with the WBG ITS Enterprise Architecture team, oversee the evaluation and selection of hardware and software product standards, as well as the design of standard hardware and software configurations.Evaluate and make decisions on the technology stack for every system developed for IFC.In coordination with the business portfolio solution design teams, ensure that the design and implementation of products and services are aligned with the established architectural direction and technology decisions, and identify adjustments to the design in order to accommodate specific development and/or infrastructure requirements.In coordination with the WBG ITS Enterprise Architecture team, establish and monitor standards, guidelines, checklists, and processes for architectural development and compliance.Take charge of the architecture of the entire IFC application landscape to ensure consistency, simplicity, and alignment with WBG Enterprise Architecture standards and guidelines, and industry best practice.Assess and communicate the result of the enterprise architecture implementation through relevant metrics and scorecards, and via the various architectural review boards.Liaise with other organizations to collaborate on joint initiatives, promote architectural compatibility and synergies in technology adoption and technical implementations.Set up the organization structure for the new unit, define the required roles and ensure the effective assignment of roles and responsibilities to staff, including hiring of new staff.Model exemplary WBG leadership values and managerial behaviors and reinforce these qualities in own team and staff.Drive and inspire technical excellence within the team and the unit by creating an environment of learning and innovation that attracts and develops the best talent reflective of the diversity of our clientsManage and mentor IT staff to provide state-of-the-practice services.Support management in developing and implementing appropriate strategies for global staffing, deployment, talent, and performance management.Develops and implements strategies to ensure that IFC and ITS can attract and retain top IT talent. By acting as a ""thought leader"" and developing a network of contacts in the community, this role increases the status of IFC and ITS as an employer for top IT talent thus contributing to the IFC's ability to attract and retain technical staff.Create an inclusive environment for staff and be a role-model to IFC’s diversion and inclusion agenda.Act as a technology adviser to the IFC CIO and provide recommendation on technology adoption for IFC as a whole.Provides special insights and expertise that ensures that breakthroughs and competitive advantage through technology are realized.
Selection Criteria
Passion for the WBG mission.Passion and vision for the adoption of technology in enabling existing business and fulfilling future business growth and transformation.Master’s degree in IT or related discipline and with at least 12 to 15 years of relevant experience (at least 2 of which must have been in a managerial or leading capacity).
Industry recognizable management and technical certifications in architecture, or related areas, are an advantage.In-depth knowledge and experience in developing and implementing business-driven enterprise architectures in multiple, sophisticated, and complex technical environments, while anticipating and mitigating risks. Experience in integrating architectures within multiple lines of business.Sound understanding of contemporary information management strategies and technologies, and their practical application to add business value. In-depth knowledge of network and Service Oriented Architecture analysis and design.Ability to translate the complexities of IT in a manner understood by non-technical executives.Knowledge of IFC and World Bank’s systems a plus, though not mandatory, including information reporting, document management, web management, application security, enterprise resource management, risk management and other corporate system. Demonstrated ability to design, integrate and implemented solutions within multilateral organizations.Possession of a combination of deep technical understanding, relationship management, financial management experience, proven leadership, and pragmatism to take stock of the status of the portfolio and make improvements in a decisive and objective manner.Ability to objectively negotiate and facilitate trade-offs, build consensus and commitment to a ‘best value’ direction among multiple stakeholders, often with broadly divergent frames of reference and competing interests, within a multinational institutionProven track record with leading matrixed teams and working collaboratively across organizational boundaries and partners to achieve program objectivesMust be a clear and logical thinker with an open and innovative mind, and the ability to think outside the box.Exceptional interpersonal, facilitation and negotiation skills to build partnerships with a network of key internal and external stakeholders. Track record for working with diverse groups to build consensus and driving integrated implementations.Open mindedness, willingness to transform, and the ability to act as a “change agent” both within CIT and for IFC.In-depth knowledge of business process reengineering principles and processes, and the ability to link these to strategic business priorities.Strong leadership, planning, and organizational skills combined with excellent written and verbal communication skills.Understanding of financial models and budgeting to estimate the financial impact of enterprise architecture alternatives.Demonstrable qualities of being resourceful, resilient, and versatile.The ability to handle tough deadlines, and multiple demands from multiple sources.Positive attitude and highest ethical standards are a must.

Job Specific Competencies
Client Understanding and Advising: Acts as a credible business partner and works with a long-term WBG-wide perspective in addressing clients' needs. Based on an in-depth understanding of long-term strategies of ITS and its clients, plays a lead role in advocating for a position that is best for WBG even when it’s difficult or unpopular with others in the VPU and/or the client. Builds an independent opinion of clients’ needs and opportunities that may challenge traditional approaches within WBG. Creates strategies that identifies where multiple VPU can add additional value to customers beyond normal offerings.Learning Orientation: Stays abreast of new trends and developments in the industry and broader trends affecting WBG. Tracks developments in the field through readily available sources and by maintaining active involvement with relevant industry, user and vendor associations. Ensures that best practices are incorporated into the normal approaches taken by the VPU to enhance the business.Broad Business Thinking: Maintains a deep understanding of key business issues. Understands the broader WBG-wide ramifications of individual account decisions and makes decisions accordingly to ensure consistency across WBG. Partners with business leaders to sponsor long-term WBG-wide initiatives. Defines strategic imperatives in terms of the links between increased value, WBG needs and services/solutions for multiple lines of business and WBGBusiness Function Knowledge: Participates in setting the strategic direction of and drivers for multiple lines of business. Applies superior industry benchmarks to proposals for organization-wide initiatives. Sponsors capital intensive, strategic business change. Reviews long-term business and technical solutions proactively. Evaluates high -risk proposals and defines parameters for contingency plans that ensure seamless change to the enterprise.Foundation Architecture Knowledge: Sets the strategic direction for and approves the overall definition for the organization's architecture standards. Reviews emerging trends and assesses impact for company. Applies and adapts to the needs of the enterprise both philosophy and principles of foundation architecture. Integrates the technology architecture with the strategic goals of the business.Knowledge of Emerging Technology: Reviews, sponsors and approves recommendations for applying new or emerging technology throughout the enterprise. Develops associated long-term strategy, impact and plan for emerging technology application throughout the environment, communicating implementation, integration and interconnectivity risks and issues to senior business leaders. Provides input and direction to vendors and manufacturers with regard to their product development.Strategic Technology Planning: Researches and benchmarks against best-practice architecture/technology needs for significant, integrated work processes. Defines criteria for prioritization and recommends core components of a strategy technology plan. Leads implementation of the approved strategic technology plan for significant, integrated work processes. Systems Thinking: Sponsors strategic long-term improvement plans that take into account the critical, underlying and less apparent relationships between multiple complex business, technology and systems platforms. Devises and evaluates plans that integrate system components across existing and new businesses. Reviews risk evaluations and approves significant changes and upgrades.Risk Management: Determines the probability of risk and provides input for major investments and strategic decisions. Sponsors, reviews and approves long-term, enterprise-wide strategies. Allocates resources and responsibilities for the purposes of risk identification, monitoring and treatment.

CORE COMPETENCIES

WBG Leadership Values and Managerial Behaviors:
Leadership of Self: Role model the change and values for WBG; Demonstrate courage of convictions, ownership and self-mastery within the organization in accordance to our valuesPeople Leadership: Lead and inspire staff to perform and deliver for better results; Help others achieve their fullest potential through coaching and mentorshipCollaborative Leadership: Be mutually accountable for entire WBG’s corporate targets and success; Work across WBG and with clients and partners to achieve better resultsClient Solutions Leadership: Be the leading provider of development solutions for country clients; Provide leadership in both knowledge generation and knowledge sharingDecisive Leadership: Take informed risks and make decisions in a transparent manner resulting in transformative impact for clients; Commit to decisions once they have been made

WBG 5 Managerial Competencies: Courage of your convictions; Leading Teams for impact; Influencing across boundaries; Fostering openness to new ideas; and Building talent for the future.

WBG Core Competencies for all staff: Lead and Innovate; Deliver Results for Clients; Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries; Create, Apply and Share Knowledge; and Make Smart Decisions

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11323	Washington
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Administrator I	Medstar Georgetown University Hospital	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	"MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute-care teaching and research hospital with 609 beds located in Northwest Washington, D.C. Founded in the Jesuit principle of cura personalis—caring for the whole person—MedStar Georgetown is committed to offering a variety of innovative diagnostic and treatment options within a trusting and compassionate environment.
MedStar Georgetown’s centers of excellence include neurosciences, transplant, cancer and gastroenterology. Along with Magnet® nurses, internationally recognized physicians, advanced research and cutting-edge technologies, MedStar Georgetown’s healthcare professionals have a reputation for medical excellence and leadership
Job Summary
This position serves as Administrative Operations Manager for the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Responsible for personnel, payroll, computerized systems, telecommunications, and facilities as it relates to the department. This position works with all Department Administrators, Associate Administrators, Nursing Coordinators, Managers, and Supervisors in the areas of human resources, facilities, financial planning and department policies, ensuring that all are trained according to these policies. This position works closely with as well as under the general direction of the Department Administrator, actively participating in strategic planning, construction and growth projects. Acts as back-up for the account analyst for the department. These functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and Georgetown University Hospital’s philosophy, policies, procedures and standards.
Education, Experience, and License Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Must have five to seven years of administrative experience, preferably in an academic medical center setting.

Job Responsibilities
PERSONNEL
Initiates and completes all paperwork required for personnel transactions for departmental faculty and staff (ca. 100). Reviews and authorizes signature for department personnel paperwork. Interacts on behalf of the department with human resources, payroll, and medical center. Maintains position log and tracks job descriptions, vacancies, and merits. Works with both GUH and University Human Resources departments.
Determine new position needs and type in consultation with department senior Management Team, physicians or Principal Investigator with attention to fiscal feasibility. Identifies positions and initiates, completes and submits all paperwork required for position reclassification, working closely with Human Resources personnel. Reviews all staff evaluations for accuracy and completeness and instructs department managers as to content.
Instructs and guides department managers as to disciplinary and termination process of all staff, prepares and serves as authorized signature for documents and actively participates in the action. Responds to internal and external grievance inquires and participates in other labor relations activities. Recommends and initiates staff incentive action and other staff morale development activities.
Develops and maintains spreadsheet tracking of all department staff competency requirements, license requirements and ensures managers enable staff to complete as needed.
Orients all permanent and temporary employees to the department. Interviews and assists with the selection of candidates for various positions.
Expert for the department regarding personnel policy and procedures. Ensures that department policies are in accordance with Medical Center and external regulatory policies and legislation. In absence of Department Administrator has authority to make operational decisions to keep department goals on target.
Establishes and maintains current policies for department concerning dress code, office hours, staff functions, holidays, and others as needed. Trains department managers on policies and monitors compliance.
Ensures that Pay for Performance standards are being met. Participates in the establishment of and monitors merit budget at the division/unit level.
Develops and enacts reduction in force procedures for department as necessitated.
PAYROLL
Responsible for a faculty and staff payroll in excess of eight million dollars yearly, insuring the correct allocation of salaries as it relates to department and hospital cost centers.
Prepares and approves department faculty and staff PTF's and payroll journal vouchers as needed to ensure correct salary amounts and accurate salary allocations.
Expert for department regarding salary offers for new hires addressing like position equity and conducts salary discussions with new hires.
Handles or directs all tasks related to biweekly and monthly payroll, i.e. calculates and approves weekly department payroll, distributes checks, and prepares memos and paperwork for corrections.
Reviews paperwork submitted by satellite offices for accuracy. Responsible for security of checks.
Ensures that all deadlines have been met and employees are paid on time. Verifies leave accruals.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT, FUNCTIONS, AND COMMUNICATIONS
As department Telecommunications Manager: Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all submitted telephone service requests. Determines which services are needed by individuals. Reviews department phone bills for accuracy and to determine areas where costs could be cut.
Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all computer/printer service requests i.e. moves, access, and software. Orders and maintains office equipment to include: copiers, fax machine, telephones, pagers, dictation/transcription equipment, lounge appliances, and others as needed. Recommends new capital equipment purchases as needed. Participates in allocating furniture, signage, and other office resources.
Facility Maintenance: Contact and liaison for engineering, housekeeping facilities, and security. Approves all key requests. Obtains space renovation estimates. Coordinates all department office moves and signage requests.
Authorized signature for expense authorizations in the absence of the Account Analyst.
Active member of Practice Oversight Committee reviewing Practice trends and advising/recommending changes to enhance financial stability, JACHO compliance, customer service and staff longevity.
Exemplifies Guest and Staff Relations standards in all activities and holds staff accountable for conformity with those standards in all activities.
Assumes other duties and responsibilities that are appropriate to the position and area. The above responsibilities are a general description of the level and nature of the work assigned to this classification and are not to be considered as all inclusive."	11192	Washington
Administrator I	MEDSTAR HEALTH	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	"MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute-care teaching and research hospital with 609 beds located in Northwest Washington, D.C. Founded in the Jesuit principle of cura personalis—caring for the whole person—MedStar Georgetown is committed to offering a variety of innovative diagnostic and treatment options within a trusting and compassionate environment.
MedStar Georgetown’s centers of excellence include neurosciences, transplant, cancer and gastroenterology. Along with Magnet® nurses, internationally recognized physicians, advanced research and cutting-edge technologies, MedStar Georgetown’s healthcare professionals have a reputation for medical excellence and leadership
Job Summary
This position serves as Administrative Operations Manager for the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Responsible for personnel, payroll, computerized systems, telecommunications, and facilities as it relates to the department. This position works with all Department Administrators, Associate Administrators, Nursing Coordinators, Managers, and Supervisors in the areas of human resources, facilities, financial planning and department policies, ensuring that all are trained according to these policies. This position works closely with as well as under the general direction of the Department Administrator, actively participating in strategic planning, construction and growth projects. Acts as back-up for the account analyst for the department. These functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and Georgetown University Hospital’s philosophy, policies, procedures and standards.
Education, Experience, and License Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Must have five to seven years of administrative experience, preferably in an academic medical center setting.

Job Responsibilities
PERSONNEL
Initiates and completes all paperwork required for personnel transactions for departmental faculty and staff (ca. 100). Reviews and authorizes signature for department personnel paperwork. Interacts on behalf of the department with human resources, payroll, and medical center. Maintains position log and tracks job descriptions, vacancies, and merits. Works with both GUH and University Human Resources departments.
Determine new position needs and type in consultation with department senior Management Team, physicians or Principal Investigator with attention to fiscal feasibility. Identifies positions and initiates, completes and submits all paperwork required for position reclassification, working closely with Human Resources personnel. Reviews all staff evaluations for accuracy and completeness and instructs department managers as to content.
Instructs and guides department managers as to disciplinary and termination process of all staff, prepares and serves as authorized signature for documents and actively participates in the action. Responds to internal and external grievance inquires and participates in other labor relations activities. Recommends and initiates staff incentive action and other staff morale development activities.
Develops and maintains spreadsheet tracking of all department staff competency requirements, license requirements and ensures managers enable staff to complete as needed.
Orients all permanent and temporary employees to the department. Interviews and assists with the selection of candidates for various positions.
Expert for the department regarding personnel policy and procedures. Ensures that department policies are in accordance with Medical Center and external regulatory policies and legislation. In absence of Department Administrator has authority to make operational decisions to keep department goals on target.
Establishes and maintains current policies for department concerning dress code, office hours, staff functions, holidays, and others as needed. Trains department managers on policies and monitors compliance.
Ensures that Pay for Performance standards are being met. Participates in the establishment of and monitors merit budget at the division/unit level.
Develops and enacts reduction in force procedures for department as necessitated.
PAYROLL
Responsible for a faculty and staff payroll in excess of eight million dollars yearly, insuring the correct allocation of salaries as it relates to department and hospital cost centers.
Prepares and approves department faculty and staff PTF's and payroll journal vouchers as needed to ensure correct salary amounts and accurate salary allocations.
Expert for department regarding salary offers for new hires addressing like position equity and conducts salary discussions with new hires.
Handles or directs all tasks related to biweekly and monthly payroll, i.e. calculates and approves weekly department payroll, distributes checks, and prepares memos and paperwork for corrections.
Reviews paperwork submitted by satellite offices for accuracy. Responsible for security of checks.
Ensures that all deadlines have been met and employees are paid on time. Verifies leave accruals.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT, FUNCTIONS, AND COMMUNICATIONS
As department Telecommunications Manager: Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all submitted telephone service requests. Determines which services are needed by individuals. Reviews department phone bills for accuracy and to determine areas where costs could be cut.
Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all computer/printer service requests i.e. moves, access, and software. Orders and maintains office equipment to include: copiers, fax machine, telephones, pagers, dictation/transcription equipment, lounge appliances, and others as needed. Recommends new capital equipment purchases as needed. Participates in allocating furniture, signage, and other office resources.
Facility Maintenance: Contact and liaison for engineering, housekeeping facilities, and security. Approves all key requests. Obtains space renovation estimates. Coordinates all department office moves and signage requests.
Authorized signature for expense authorizations in the absence of the Account Analyst.
Active member of Practice Oversight Committee reviewing Practice trends and advising/recommending changes to enhance financial stability, JACHO compliance, customer service and staff longevity.
Exemplifies Guest and Staff Relations standards in all activities and holds staff accountable for conformity with those standards in all activities.
Assumes other duties and responsibilities that are appropriate to the position and area. The above responsibilities are a general description of the level and nature of the work assigned to this classification and are not to be considered as all inclusive.
About MedStar Health
MedStar Health is dedicated to providing the highest quality care for people in Maryland and the Washington, D.C., region, while advancing the practice of medicine through education, innovation and research. Our 30,000 associates and 5,400 affiliated physicians work in a variety of settings across our health system, including 10 hospitals and more than 300 community-based locations, the largest visiting nurse association in the region, and highly respected institutes dedicated to research and innovation. As the medical education and clinical partner of Georgetown University for more than 20 years, MedStar is dedicated not only to teaching the next generation of doctors, but also to the continuing education and professional development of our whole team. MedStar Health offers diverse opportunities for career advancement and personal fulfillment."	11192	Washington
Project Manager	Perpetual Conulting Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	$75,000 - $115,000 a year	The Lead Project Manager will be responsible for leading business and technical projects, serving as the division lead for agency assigned initiatives, and/or indirectly managing other projects within the Division. You will provide overall leadership to assigned projects adhering to standard and/or agile methodologies, complying with project lifecycle deliverables and best practices. In addition, you will confer with department heads, key staff, and outside consultants to develop detailed understanding of user needs for departments or groups of departments, reflect this in the overall project artifacts, and administer to all phases of the project management process.Governance, Reporting & CommunicationsDevelop and manage project plans and schedulesDefine team member roles and expectations; ensure that project resources receive necessary training and are utilized effectivelyCommunicate progress and obtain buy-in from impacted stakeholders for all key project deliverables, plans, and changesAdhere to standard or agile project management methodology, complying with project lifecycle deliverables and best practices.Review and manage all changes to requirements and/or solution through a formal change control processManage project risks and resolves issues; work with leadership staff as required for resolution.Provide quality checks on all aspects of the project and deliverables reporting on these at each gateway milestone to ensure that the end product fulfills the project objectivesEnsure timely project reporting reflecting weekly team meetings and steering committee meeting updatesProject & Resource ManagementResponsible for the day-to-day management and coordination of the project according to project plan and schedule. Monitor progress throughout to ensure that the project is delivered on time, within budget, and that it meets or exceeds business expectations.Mobilize resources to launch and execute the project in accordance with standard project frameworkEnsure that all project requirements and solutions are clearly defined and testable; obtain approval from project sponsor at each milestoneBalance scope, schedule, quality, and risks - make adjustments as necessary reporting status and gaining buy-in stakeholders as neededEnsure that all requirements, project plans, and changesDesired Skills5+ years of relevant experienceExperience with Agile Project ManagementExperience with Planview Project Management toolkitPMP certificationJob Type: Full-timePay: $75,000.00 - $115,000.00 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	11192	Washington
Work Based Learning Program Data Center Project Assistant	Amazon Data Services, Inc.	Sterling, VA	None	"
High School diploma or equivalent education
18 years or older
Ability to work 40 hours/week. Must be able to work 10 hour shifts as needed.
Able to start August 2021.
1+ years of experience with Microsoft Office Suite - Word, Excel and Outlook required;
1+ years of experience with SharePoint (or similar)

We are currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to serve as support to our Data Center Project Engineers. Ideal candidates will partner with multiple Data Center Project Engineers to handle administrative tasks freeing up their time to focus on organizational goals. A quick thinker, your flexibility and adaptability are key to constantly changing demands and priorities. You will frequently find yourself in the center of everything that happens on the team. You are pivotal to the success of a well-run, efficient, productive and happy team.

In this role, you will wear many hats! Administrative Assistants perform an array of administrative functions critical to running an organization efficiently. You will strategically manage your Data Center Project Engineer's Administration tasks of:


Badge requests and vendor on-boarding
Project input requests
Project funding submission, Vendor Purchase Requests and Orders
Changes to the Risk Assessment, Method of Procedure templates, etc.
Change Management Approvals and schedule coordination
Managing of scopes of work
Track delivery of material with the Power and Cooling Supply team
Coordinate plans for internal equipment transfers
IT equipment procurement
Team wiki updates
Travel arrangements
Update Playbook
Update status at the managers’ request
Misc. project support for new hires Closeout documents (Agile, daily scans, Quality Control, etc.)
Manage requests for access

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.


1+ years of experience planning and time management
1+ years of experience in construction, or data center environments
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit US Disability Accommodations."	11192	Washington
IT Support Manager	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
Bachelor's degree, or relevant experience
2+ years’ experience managing a technical support team

At Amazon, we strive to be Earth’s most customer-centric company where we can find and discover anything we want to buy online. We hire the world’s brightest minds, offering them an environment in which one can relentlessly improve the customer experience. Innovation and creativity are built into the DNA of the company and are encouraged at all levels of employment. Every day we solve complex technical and business problems with ingenuity and simplicity. We’re making history and the good news is we’ve only just begun.
AWS IT Services Support team provides highly-available IT support for Amazon employees worldwide. We provide support for all used client applications, operating systems, email, VPN, mobile devices, and common collaboration services such as SharePoint and Exchange. Our customers may engage us via phone, chat, in person, or trouble ticketing.
You will manage local and/or remote resources and assist the global organization to define the perfect customer experience and own the strategies to create that experience. You will help the group develop and leverage their knowledge base to expedite the resolution of recurrent issues. You will identify ways to proactively reduce requests through automation, documentation, and process improvement. You will set high standards for issue handling, escalation and problem management across the organization and guide the team with metrics and goals that clearly measure their success.
You will work alongside a group of leaders to define the priorities and track the metrics and key performance indicators within the organization as a whole. You will hold service owners accountable to resolve issues on behalf of your customers.

Responsibilities include:

Leading a team of Support Engineers. Recognizing inefficiency and driving process improvement to enhance the productivity of all Amazonian's.
Measuring, monitoring, and maintaining the team’s ability to meet or exceed contact and resolution Service Level Agreements (SLA).
Coordinating a variety of projects in an operational environment.
Written and verbal communication with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.
Working with engineering teams to plan for the support of new tools and services and improving the level of support provided for existing ones.
Developing and maintaining policies, procedures, and processes.
Hiring, developing, and retaining great talent.
Reducing contacts through process improvement and root cause analysis.
Responding to inquiries, escalations, and establishing partnerships with key customers and service owners.
An understanding of enterprise IT systems such as Exchange and Active Directory, as well as exposure to a wide variety of technical products and issues
Experience and/or qualification relating to but not limited to: Linux, Cisco, ITIL, and Microsoft
Technical troubleshooting and strong analytical skills
Established time and project management skills with the ability to lead multiple projects simultaneously
Experience in ITIL Framework
Proven ability to operate in an extreme high pressure dynamic fast paced situations, successfully handle multiple competing priorities and possess a high level of discipline while displaying a high degree of flexibility and professionalism
Experience communicating cross-functionally and across management levels in formal and informal settings
Experience in making data-driven decisions

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager	Emerging Tech, LLC	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$100,000 a year	"Must be authorized to work in the US
Job Summary
Emerging Tech is seeking a technically savvy and high-energy professional to fill a Information Technology (IT) Project Management position. The successful candidate will manage critical, day to day project activities, proactively manage risks and issues, and collaborate with technical and non-technical team members. This individual should have the ability to quickly earn the trust of key internal and external stakeholders, lead and inspire teams, set project direction and approach, resolve conflict, deliver tough messages with honesty and grace, and occasionally execute with limited information and ambiguity. The successful applicant will have the opportunity to play a major role in the IT-enabled transformation of connected healthcare.
Required Skills:
Strong leadership with excellent written and oral communications.
Effectively communicate with colleagues, stakeholders, and leaders at all levels of the organization to gather data and information and to support strategic plans and proactively provides updates on project status
Build partnerships with all support groups and teams
Act as a driver for process design, documentation and improvements as needed.
Perform ad-hoc requests as made by the Director of Operations, including but not limited to process workflow design, designing, and managing emergent processes, and other areas.
Oversee the IT Operation process for the review, analysis and closure of action requests, vendor deliverables and travel plans, including identifying appropriate POCs, triaging requests and actions, coordination of approval/review meetings, ongoing tracking of submissions, review/technical editing of responses before returning to requestors and reviewing status.
Ability to working closely with key stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Experience with technical project life cycles and project methodologies.
Create and manage project plans as well as track project performance and progress.
Ability to track project costs (Budgets v Actuals).
Conduct schedule analysis, data mapping across schedule dependencies and follow up with the scheduler owners, as needed.
Strong Risk and Issue management with the ability to effectively communicate and mitigate or escalate risks & issues with stakeholders and executive level management when required.
Ability to work with technical team and to identify solutions for system problems when working with new technology.
Capable in providing technical and project related direction to systems analysts, programmers and other technical personnel on assigned tasks.
Proficient in Office 365 and all Microsoft Products.
Ability to create and update Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) using MS Project
Minimum of 10 years of experience with a related Bachelors Degree or 18 years of relevant experience may be substituted for the degree requirement.
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific/technical discipline.
Preferred but not required:
PMP or Equivalent Certification
Experience with Cerner and/or other EHR preferably with sustainment activities.
Health Care Experience
Benefits:
Retirement Plan
Group Health Insurance (Health, Dental, and Vision)
Paid Time Off
Referral Bonus
Opportunity for Performance Evaluation/Retention Bonus
Compensation:
Competitive – Based on Skills and Experiences
Full Time Direct Hire
Annual Salary: $100K +
IDkuW5IAmn"	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager (SYSANALYSIS)	US Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agenc...	Arlington, VA	$72,750 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
Who May Be Considered:
Status Candidates
Veterans
Land Management Eligibles under the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act.
View common definitions of terms found in this announcement.


This position is located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), Infrastructure Security Division.

Responsibilities
The Infrastructure Security Division (ISD) focuses on protecting critical infrastructure from all hazards by managing risk and enhancing resilience through collaboration with the critical infrastructure community, which includes private sector owners, operators, and employees; State, local, tribal, and territorial officials; and other Federal agencies.

The primary purpose of the position is to serve as the IT Program Manager (SYSANALYSIS). Typical work assignments include:

Standardizes systems design methods and coordinates implementation of process improvement methods and concepts
Leads IT system project activities and coordinates with Integrated Product Team members.
Develops methods to monitor and measure risk, compliance, and assurance efforts.
Conceptualizes, designs, procures, and/or builds security information technology (IT) systems.
Manages the package of support functions required to field and maintain the readiness and operational capability of systems and components.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. citizen to apply for this position.
You must successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a credit check, a review of financial issues, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs.
Selective Service - males born after 12/31/59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service see http://www.sss.gov/
You must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
Current Federal employees must meet time-in-grade requirements.
One-year probationary period may be required.
You must submit to a drug test and receive a negative test result prior to appointment to this position.
If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application.
DHS uses e-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities.
Relocation expenses are not authorized. Other recruitment incentives may be authorized.
This position has been designated excluded from bargaining unit representation under the national security provision of 5 USC Section 7112(B)(6).
All employees are required to participate in Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer for salary payments.
This position may be designated as essential personnel. Essential personnel must be able to serve during continuity of operation events without regard to declarations of liberal leave or government closures due to weather, protests, and acts of terrorism or lack of funding. Failure to report for or remain in this position may result in disciplinary or adverse action in accordance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations (5 U.S.C. § 7501-7533 and 5 CFR Part 752, as applicable).

Qualifications
You qualify for this position if you possess information technology related experience demonstrating each of the four required competencies:
Attention to Detail: Performs analysis of systems and reviews processes for improvement or new proposed systems.
Customer Service: Work with internal and/or external clients to ensure proper operation of IT systems.
Oral Communication: Expresses information that can be technical in nature to leadership or staff to ensure proper IT operations
Problem Solving: Identifies problems and determines appropriate system changes, upgrades or design to ensure proper function.
In addition to the above requirement, you may qualify for the GS-11 grade level, if you possess any of the following:

A. At least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-09 grade level. Specialized experience includes:
Providing advice and guidance to management on minor IT issues, and
Assisting with the development, scheduling, and coordination of IT projects and resources; OR,
B. I have a Ph.D. or equivalent or 3 full years of progressively higher-level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related; OR,


C. I have appropriate combination of successfully completed graduate level education and experience described in A and B above, that, when combined, equals 100% of the total requirement.

You may qualify for the GS-12 grade, if you possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 grade. Specialized experience includes:
Providing recommendations on critical IT issues to meet business requirements; and
Using methods and tools for risk assessments and mitigations to manage projects risks.
Such experience is typically gained in the IT field or through the performance of work where the primary concern is IT.

NOTE: Your resume must support your responses to the online questionnaire, the qualification and time-in-grade requirements. Failure to do so will result in an ineligible rating.

Time-in-Grade Requirements: Under competitive merit promotion procedures, any individual who is currently holding, or who has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under a non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet ""time-in-grade"" requirements (have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade of the grade for which you are applying).

NOTE: Current and former employees MUST submit a copy of their SF-50 Form which shows competitive service appointment (""position occupied"" block 34 on the SF-50 should show a ""1""), tenure group (block 24 should show a 1 or 2), grade, and salary. If you are applying for a higher grade, please provide the SF-50 Form which shows the length of time you have been in your current/highest grade (examples of appropriate SF50s include appointment, reassignment, with-in grade/range increases and promotion actions). Please note: Pay adjustments and awards do not include the length of time in your current position, therefore, they are NOT acceptable. If you have promotion potential in your current position, please provide proof. Employees applying with an interchange agreement must provide proof of their permanent appointment.

You MUST meet all qualification requirements, including Time-in-Grade, by the closing date of this announcement. Qualification AND time-in-grade claims will be subject to verification.

NOTE: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
Promotion Potential: The full performance level of this position is GS-13.

This is a non-supervisory position.

Pursuant to Executive Order 12654 and DHS policy, DHS is committed to maintaining a drug-free workplace and, therefore, conducts random and other drug testing of its employees in order to ensure a safe and healthy work environment. Headquarters personnel in safety- or security-sensitive positions are subject to random drug testing and all applicants tentatively selected for employment at DHS Headquarters are subject to drug testing resulting in a negative test result.

Current or Former Political Appointees: The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Applicants will be evaluated on their resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, your experience, education and training will be rated using an Assessment Questionnaire that is based on the following competencies or knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to perform this job:

Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Information Technology Program Management
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Systems Life Cycle
Teamwork
Writing
Candidates who apply under Competitive Merit Promotion procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are best qualified based. Qualifications will be based on the content of their resume and their responses to the questionnaire. Best qualified candidates will be referred if all required supporting documentation has been provided.

Candidates who apply under Non-competitive and Special Hiring Authorities procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are minimally qualified based on the content of their resume, supporting documentation submitted and their responses to the assessment questionnaire.

If you are determined qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview. Preview the Assessment Questionnaire, click https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11141796

Career Transition Assistance Program: This program applies to Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed, or employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet eligibility criteria for CTAP or ICTAP; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position with a score of 85 or above; and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your CTAP or ICTAP eligibility. Well-Qualified includes those applicants whose knowledge, skills, and abilities clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position. For information on eligibility criteria and required documentation, go to: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/

For Competitive Merit Promotion and Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA) Applicants: The highest rated candidates will be referred to the hiring agency.

For Non-competitive Appointment Eligibles: All qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring agency.

Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA): To be eligible for a VEOA appointment, the veteran must 1) be a preference eligible; or 2) be a veteran separated after 3 or more years of continuous active service performed under honorable conditions (you must submit a DD214-member copy 4).

Interchange Agreement possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links below.
Veterans
Peace Corps/VISTA volunteers,
persons with disabilities
Interchange Agreement

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you must submit a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Your resume showing a detailed description of your job-related qualifications that includes beginning and ending dates with the month and year and hours worked per week (if less than 40) for each paid and non-paid work experience job title listed.
2. Other supporting documents (only submit if applicable):

Are you a current or former federal employee? Submit a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action that demonstrates your eligibility for consideration, e.g., length of time you have been in your current/highest grade (examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, with-in grade/range increases); your current promotion potential; proof of permanent appointment if applying based on an interchange agreement; etc.
Are you a veteran? Submit Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 or other (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty) or notice form. Those applying for 10-Point preference must fill out the SF-15 and provide an official document dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs or from a branch of the Armed Forces, and/or any other associated documentation based on your preference. If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions.
Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP/CTAP)? If so, submit:
A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for failure to relocate, notice of disability annuity termination, or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement;
A copy of your SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'', documenting your RIF separation, noting your position, grade level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc.;
A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and
Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.
Are you eligible for a special noncompetitive hiring authority (e.g., Schedule A Disability, Peace Corps, Former Overseas Employees, etc.)? Submit documentation of proof that supports your eligibility under a special hiring authority.
Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent political appointment:
Position title;
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee);
Agency; and
Beginning and ending dates of appointment.
You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and/or incentive awards.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
National Guard & Reserves
Current members, those who want to join, or transitioning military members.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Status Candidates (this includes current or former Federal employees with career or career-conditional tenure in the competitive service, Former Overseas Employees, CTAP, ICTAP, VRA, VEOA, 30% or More Disabled Veterans, Schedule A, Military Spouses, Americorps, Peace Corps, Vista, Land Management, and Interchange Agreement Eligibles)"	11192	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER (W2/1099 POSITION)	DAtec	Rockville, MD	None	IT Project ManagerLocation: McLean, VADuration: 6 Months with possible extension/ Possible contract to hireJob Description: - Project management experience in mortgage industryTechnical/Soft Must Haves: - Previous Client experience is strongly preferred.- Previous Mortgage industry experience with other related organizations will be a second choice.- Must have Agile experience.- CyberArk experience would also be a big plus.Experience in: - Running complex projects with small-size budget and scope spanning across several systems- Running projects using software development life cycle (SDLC), Agile methodology, Application Maintenance Change Process (AMCP) and project management life cycle (PMLC)- Excellent communication, influencing and collaboration skills- Good organization, presentation and customer service skillsStrong experience in project management processes: - Budget management and resource management- Communication- Risk management- Scope and change request management- Schedule management- Internal controls and quality managementJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $99,999.00 per hourApplication Question(s):EMAIL ID?Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19Speak with the employer+91 00000	11192	Washington
Project Manager	ICF	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"ICF is a mission-driven company filled with people who care deeply about improving the lives of others and making the world a better place. Our core values include Embracing Difference; we seek candidates who are passionate about building a culture that encourages, embraces, and hires dimensions of difference.
@ ICF Next, we are fearless in finding new ways to solve problems, relentless in making sure it pays off for our clients and committed to making a positive change in the world.
Join our community of mission-driven creatives, communicators, strategists, and technologists to challenge the status quo.
We’re currently hiring for a Project Manager to help to manage and coordinate a variety of activities for our National Cancer Institute client.
As a Project Manager, you will have:
An understanding of the project’s scope and ensure the client and team are on the same page
Demonstrated experience meeting deadlines and ensuring the team has what they need to meet theirs
Demonstrated experience managing a project to schedule and ensuring the client and team understand what is expected of them
The ability to identify and resolve or mitigate areas needing clarification, project dependencies, risks, and issues
The ability to ensure the client and team are always aware of project status, risks, and issues
The ability to be a proactive self-starter, working independently to move projects and tasks forward to completion
The ability to work in a collaborative team environment and co-lead projects with other project managers
The ability to coordinate with multiple stakeholders to schedule meetings
An understanding of project management tools and how to use them consistently and effectively across teams to manage projects
Experience preparing, leading and facilitating status meetings, milestone reviews, and work-in-progress demos to the client in a confident and professional manner
Demonstrated experience planning, organizing, taking meeting notes, and managing the activities of other departments and organizations in order to ensure the on-time and on-budget delivery of projects
As a Project Manager, you also will have:
Five or more years of experience managing relevant projects in a consulting or government environment
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent required
A demonstrated understanding of project management methodology including the ability to identify and resolve issues, manage risk, develop detailed work plans and specifications and run team meetings
A demonstrated ability to manage tight timelines while adhering to budgetary constraints
Ability to work on multiple projects and manage various stakeholders simultaneously
Previous experience working in a scientific field or managing scientific/technical projects is preferred but not required
Job Location(s): Within the current landscape, this role will be supported remotely. This role will ultimately sit at the client’s Rockville office when remote working guidelines are lifted.
Working at ICF
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy .
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement .
Rockville, MD (MD18)"	11192	Washington
Editor I, Visuals Copy Editor	NPR	Washington, DC (NoMa area)	None	"OVERVIEW

A thriving, mission-driven multimedia organization, NPR produces award-winning news, information, and music programming in partnership with hundreds of independent public radio stations across the nation. The NPR audience values information, creativity, curiosity, and social responsibility – and our employees do too. We are innovators and leaders in diverse fields, from journalism and digital media to IT and development. Every day, our employees and member stations touch the lives of millions worldwide.


The Visuals team at NPR works across all of our content areas, news, programming, music and podcasts. The Visuals Copy Editor main focus will edit stories, scripts and text for our Visual Newscast that appears primarily on smart screen devices along with all other platforms including NPR.org, Instagram, Youtube, Facebook, Twitter. The position will require the ability to think both quickly and expansively about editing. Ideal candidates will bring experience in copy editing, writing and crafting headlines as well as workflow management. This candidate must be a team player and believe in the value of daily news coverage. There are opportunities to work on NPR’s Visual Storytelling platform, The Picture Show, where we tell a diverse range of stories about many topics including identity, climate change and LGBTQ communities. This editor will help imagine and translate NPR’s distinctive journalism to new and diverse audiences on all platforms. This position will require working nights, weekends and holidays as needed. This position reports to the Senior Supervising Editor for Visuals.

NOTE: This position works 25 hours per week.


Responsibilities


Edit stories, headlines, teasers and other copy for spelling, grammar, punctuation, style, tone and SEO best practices.
Must be able to edit for breaking news with speed and distinction.
This role is a leading voice in ensuring accuracy, consistency and quality across NPR platforms.
Copy edits and proofreads photo galleries, video text, graphics and visual narratives, stories, display copy and other text for spelling, grammar, accuracy, style, punctuation, fairness, balance and tone
Attend meetings as needed with the Visuals team, desks, podcasts and shows.
Uphold the highest standards for NPR’s visual journalism and storytelling.
Stay up to date with NPR broadcasts, podcasts, reporters, news wires, competition and internal communications to make sure our visual storytelling is optimized and smart.
Ability and willingness to work varied shifts, including some weekends
Additional duties as assigned by your manager.


Education

Bachelor’s degree in journalism, English or writing-intensive discipline d (or the equivalent combination of education and experience).


Required Skills


At least two years of experience as a copy editor in a daily newsroom.
At least one year of experience in editorial decision-making.
Demonstrated skills in copy editing and headline writing.
Thorough knowledge of Associated Press style.
A broad range of general news knowledge.
Understanding of journalistic ethics.
Experience maintaining high journalistic standards under deadline pressure, including standards of objectivity, balance and fairness.


Willingness to learn skills necessary to work on digital platforms; ability to adapt to changes in equipment, software and workflow.
Ability to handle multiple and complex projects simultaneously under stringent time frames and changing priorities/conditions.
Excellent organizational, communication and collaboration skills.
Ability to work independently and with members of a cooperative team.
Ability to work quickly and effectively under deadline pressure.
Ability and willingness to work varied shifts as needed, including early morning, nights, weekends and occasional holidays.


A thriving, mission-driven multimedia organization, NPR produces award-winning news, information, and music programming in partnership with hundreds of independent public radio stations across the nation. The NPR audience values information, creativity, curiosity, and social responsibility – and our employees do too. We are innovators and leaders in diverse fields, from journalism and digital media to IT and development. Every day, our employees and member stations touch the lives of millions worldwide.

Across our organization, we’re building a workplace where collaboration is essential, diverse voices are heard, and inclusion is the key to our success.

 Does this sound like you? If so, we want to hear from you. All applications must include a resume and cover letter to be considered.

Want more NPR? Explore the stories behind the stories on our NPR Extra blog. Get social with NPR Extra on Facebook and following @NPRExtra and #NPRLife on Twitter and Instagram. Find more career opportunities at NPR.org/careers and on Twitter at @NPRJobs.

NPR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. NPR is committed to being an inclusive workplace that welcomes diverse and unique perspectives, all working toward the same goal – to create a more informed public. Qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, national origin, ancestry, age, religion, religious belief, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, lactation, and reproductive health decisions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, transgender status, gender non-conforming status, intersex status, sexual stereotypes, nationality, citizenship status, personal appearance, marital status, family status, family responsibilities, military status, veteran status, mental and physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, genetic characteristics of yourself or a family member, political views and affiliation, unemployment status, protective order status, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other basis prohibited under applicable law."	11192	Washington
UTILITY BILLING SPECIALIST	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA 22201	$38,002 - $58,053 a year	"Position Information
The Department of Environmental Services is seeking to hire a Billing Specialist to our Utilities Billing team. This employee works in a team environment within the Utility Billing Office (UBO) which is responsible for accurate and timely billing of 38,000 customer accounts for water, sewer and refuse services. The Billing Specialist will be trained on and serve various critical business functions performed by the UBO team such as addressing escalated customer issues, submitting daily system jobs, processing returned payments, preparing leak adjustments, and issuing credit refunds.

Specific duties:
Assisting the Billing Manager with the timely review of approximately 14,500 bills each month for possible errors or anomalies;
Reviewing account anomalies through the effective analysis of water consumption data and historical usage trends from multiple business systems and reports including our utility billing system and billing system generated reports;
Analyzing data from multiple sources to provide business intelligence and executive level reports for management and interdependent work groups including our Customer Service Office and Water, Sewer, & Streets Bureau.
Serving as a primary contact for the field technicians and support staff in the Water, Sewer, & Streets Bureau that manage and maintain our water, sewer, and metering infrastructure;
Issuing service orders to field staff for read verifications, estimate meter readings, and change or approve readings on accounts before service charges are calculated and bills are issued;
Processing and performing quality review of meter-related service orders to identify account discrepancies and ensure accuracy and completeness of registration information to update the billing system;
Providing excellent service to customers needing assistance with registering, accessing, and administering online account management tools, such as our customer service portal and our paperless bill program; and
Supporting operational tasks as a member of a cohesive team or supporting assigned special projects such as the current effort to update our existing consumption-based billing structure.
The ideal candidate will be organized, detail oriented and technically savvy in the use of multiple systems, will be able to manage large volumes of work according to a production schedule, analyze large amounts of data to generate business intelligence and have experience in a related billing industry.
Selection Criteria
Minimum:
High school diploma or GED; and
At least two years of experience providing office support, including providing direct customer service support to the public and/or performing billing functions.
Substitution: Successful completion of college coursework from an accredited college or university can be substituted for the experience requirement on the following basis:

2 years = 6 months of experience;
4 years = 1 year of experience.
Education may not substitute for more than one year of experience.

Desirable: Preference may be given to candidates with experience in one or more of the following:

Validating information and calculating monetary adjustments using spreadsheets;
Using software systems to research and/or enter and retrieve data; and/or
Resolving customer billing issues or other service-related complaints.
Additional Information
Work Hours: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Occasional overtime may be required.

Please complete each section of the application. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Your responses to the supplemental questionnaire are considered part of the selection process and are required for this position. Incomplete applications will not be considered.

The official title of this position is Services Assistant IV."	11192	Washington
IT Operations Project Manager	FedWriters	Washington, DC	None	Job Title: IT Operations Project ManagerWhy FedWriters?FedWriters offers team members the opportunity to gain a lasting impression in this fast-growing small business. We are a professional writing, communication, and analysis company that provides more than 20 Federal agencies with our services. We help government and commercial organizations develop a range of products, including technical reports, training materials, regulatory and policy documents, engineering documents, multimedia content, and more!Every satisfied client is attributed to your efforts. It's the perfect time to get in with FedWriters and join a company that is consistently ranked as one of the fastest growing companies in America. Take a minute to check us out!www.fedwriters.com | https://www.inc.com/profile/fedwritersYou Are A Perfect Fit If You, Like FedWriters, Value: Teamwork you believe teams are essential for promoting success and growth.Leadership you value leadership and the structure it provides in order to facilitate efficiency.Goals you strive to achieve goals and to ensure success and growth.People you value people, including yourself, and strongly believe in the power of maintaining healthy relationships.Job Summary: The purpose of this position is to provide project management and leadership in support of IT Strategic Business Management (SBM), IT Governance, Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA), and IT Capital Planning and Investment Control (CPIC).Responsibilities Include: Oversee and manage compliance activities of project management teams, daily operations, and client/customer relationships.Ensure quality of deliverables and develop, monitor, and report on project objectives, budget, schedule status, and performance.Manage the technical, contractual, administrative, and financial aspects of one or more projects.Identify project management issues and propose resolutions.Required Qualifications and Skills: PMP certification required.Must have five to seven years of experience in project management.In-depth knowledge of and experience with IT Project Management processes including, but not limited to, industry standard Project Management principles and practices, Federal Enterprise Architecture, CPIC, SDLC, IT Security Management, and Risk Management.In-depth knowledge of and experience with federal IT investment laws, regulations, and process.Proven ability to review and analyze cost, schedule, and performance requirements for federal IT investments.Knowledge of 0MB reporting requirements and adapting internal reporting to align with Cloud Based and Shared Service Models.Ability to apply consistent management approaches to IT Portfolio Management that increases the quality of data through best practices and documentation.Excellent verbal and written communication skills and leadership skills.Work Setting and Environment: Monday thru Friday, typically between 8:00am to 5:00pm.Work to be performed in Washington, D.C., but may be eligible for telework.On-site federal contractors, in federal buildings or on federal lands must comply with CDC guidelines with respect to wearing masks, maintaining physical distance, and other public health measures.How FedWriters Will Compensate and Appreciate You: FedWriters provides a competitive package of salary and benefits, including medical, dental, and vision coverage; a matching 401(k) program; generous Paid Time Off (PTO); STD; LTD; life insurance; and more!FedWriters abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a), and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities and discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.FedWriters is committed to equal employment opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. We value and encourage diversity and solicit applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race; ethnicity; religion; gender; age; national origin; marital status; sexual orientation; gender identity; family responsibilities; matriculation; physical or mental disabilities; political affiliation; genetic information; status as a protected veteran; or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. If you are interested in applying for employment with FedWriters and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply for the position, please call (703) 872-7848. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis. FedWriters is a federal contractor seeking veteran referrals.Job Type: Full-time	11192	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER SPECIALIST - (W2/1099 POSITION)	DATEC	Washington, DC	None	IT Project Manager SpecialistLocation: McLean, VADuration: 6 monthsDescription: - Project management experience in mortgage industryExperience in: - Running complex projects with small-size budget and scope spanning across several systems- Running projects using software development life cycle (SDLC), Agile methodology, Application Maintenance Change Process (AMCP) and project management life cycle (PMLC)- Strong experience in project management processes:- Budget management and resource management- Communication- Risk management- Scope and change request management- Schedule management- Internal controls and quality management- Excellent communication, influencing and collaboration skills- Good organization, presentation and customer service skills.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $99,999.00 per hourApplication Question(s):EMAIL ID?Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11192	Washington
IT Program Manager (Director, Project Delivery) - (SME-P) (Open to both U.S. Citizens and Federal Employees)	US Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration	Washington, DC	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Office of the Chief Technology Officer. The Director, Project Delivery directs activities involving IT Project and Financial Management and the coordination and oversight of acquisition programs of MC-I.

Responsibilities
The IT Program Manager (Director, Project Delivery):

Manages the implementation of initiatives, projects, and programs for defining, evolving, evaluating, and improving information management functions across the FMCSA. Implements Department-wide policies and standards related to financial management, IT acquisition and administration of COR duties. Oversees the delivery of required IT services. Develops a variety of related plans, including risk management, training, communication, and organizational transition plans. Measures organizational effectiveness and performance, documents and reports on change status as required. Serves as liaison with other program entities such as IT developers, security, integrators and leadership. Promotes process improvement and efficiency within the project management and acquisition functions and ensures continuous compliance and risk mitigation related to all MC-I projects.
Defines, executes, and enforces the FMCSA/DOT standardized contracting strategy, information management policies, standards, and architectures to ensure compliance with the organizational standards as well as applicable Federal regulations for IT and/or service acquisitions. Oversees management of contract support. Provides oversight for development of specifications, providing technical advice to the Contract Officer (COR) or Contract Officer Technical Representative (COTR). Provides technical assistance to customers with the technical and managerial aspects of the IT requirements determination, documentation, and justification process. Including the production and delivery of Statements of Objectives (SOOs), Statement of Work (SOWs), Performance Work Statements (PWS) and Requests for Information (RFIs) in a manner that facilitates timely delivery of capabilities for MC-I. Acts as a liaison with the Office of Acquisition Management to provide input that enables the Contracting Officer (CO) to conduct negotiations with vendors.
Coordinates acquisition efforts. Works in conjunction with the contracting officer to approve terms and conditions set forth in contract negotiations, contracting plans, budgets, and changes to the scope of work performed by contractors. Reviews contract artifacts to develop and provide guidance that aligns with MC-I’s goals and mitigates project risks. Provides guidance on all aspects of acquisition, including compliance issues, estimation, cost strategies and project risks. Provides input into development of Independent Government Cost Estimates (IGCEs), as required by assessing level of effort, required skillsets and labor categories, labor rates, direct and indirect costs; and oversight and direction to federal IT professionals and contractors. Oversees contractor performance and vendor relationships; provides negotiation support, advises on contract issues, and coordinates with the Agency's Contracting Officer on any new contract solicitations under the CIO.
Directs the overall management, control, coordination, and execution of projects and programs. Determines resource levels, competencies, and support service requirements. Measures organizational effectiveness and performance, documents and reports on change status as required. Serve as liaison with other program entities such as IT developers, security, integrators and leadership. Provides input into IT Budget planning and development to ensure alignment with Office of Administration (OA) and DOT strategic priorities; ensure IT Budget and spend plan conforms to DOT and OMB policies and guidance and IT Budget spend plan is executed as identified and/or includes justifications for any deviations to the plan.
Evaluates products for completeness, timeliness, accomplishment of objectives and conformance to regulatory requirements. Accepts, rejects, or modifies work submitted by team members, as appropriate. Evaluates the performance of team members and provides counseling, advice, and instruction concerning both technical and administrative matters. Recommends promotions, developmental assignments, or adverse actions based on performance.

Travel Required
25% or less - Some travel will be required.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
15
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
Officers, Chief Technology
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S.Citizen and eligible for consideration.
You must meet specialized experience to qualify.
Required documents must be submitted by the closing date.
Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the Selective Service.
GOVERNMENT TRAVEL CARD: This position involves travel. A government contractor-issued travel card will be issued and must be retained for official business only.
PCS/RELOCATION/RECRUITMENT: Permanent Change of Station (PCS), Relocation, and Recruitment Incentive authorization varies by position/selection.
SUPERVISORY PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year supervisory probationary period (unless already completed).
TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade to satisfy time-in-grade restrictions contained in 5 CFR 300, Subpart F.
DEU REQUIREMENTS: Applicants selected under delegated examining procedures may be required to successfully complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).

Qualifications
To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the specialized experience requirements.

To qualify for the Grade 15, you must have at least one year of specialized experience equal or equivalent to the GS-14, it must include:

Experience managing and directing project management and financial management functions to deliver systems and services.
Experience with developing cost estimates, determining direct and indirect costs, and developing pricing strategies that help set up projects achieve goals and objectives.
Experience determining acquisition strategy, monitoring and controlling IT projects, including software development and IT infrastructure support projects.

In addition to meeting the above described specialized experience requirements, your IT experience will be evaluated and be expected to include described experience in the following competencies:
Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

For all types of consideration, experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

For additional information about applying to Federal positions, please click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-policies/#url=e4

All applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.
Education
Additional information
This vacancy may be used by any DOT agency to fill similar positions within 90 days.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE: PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. If your resume/ application does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). Your resume must contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make a qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

To compete with U.S. Citizens: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be placed in one of four categories: Platinum, Gold, Silver or Bronze, which is based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. Within these categories, applicants eligible for veteran's preference that have provided supporting documents will receive selection priority over non-veterans. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position.

To compete with other competitive status government employees: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be scored based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. If referred, all relevant documents including performance appraisals and awards submitted with your application package will be forwarded to the hiring official for review.

Eligible Federal employees also seeking consideration for noncompetitive reassignment for this position, must indicate interest in the assessment. In eligibility question 14: select Yes/Other/Former Incumbency of a Position brought into the Competitive Service. Noncompetitive federal candidates must have competitive status on a SF-50, meet minimum qualifications, have served at the same grade or higher, and held or exceeded the promotion potential of this position.

All applicants: Your application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. The answers you select in the on-line process must be substantiated in your application package. If upon review, it is determined that your described work history, competencies, and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, your application may be updated on your behalf or you may not be referred to the selecting official. Please ensure that your work history provides enough details to support your answers. The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your final rating.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
High Risk (HR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
RESUME - All applicants must provide a resume created within USA Jobs Resume Builder, that shows relevant experience, education and support the required specialized experience. Formatted resumes can by uploaded later in the application process.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS/INCENTIVE AWARDS: If applicable, performance appraisals and/or Incentive award documentation may be submitted and forwarded to the selecting official in consideration of your application. To receive credit, submit a recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable (do not submit a performance plan) and/or incentive award documentation dated within the last 18 months (i.e. performance awards, special act or achievement awards, quality step increases, etc.).

VETERANS: Your last DD214 (member 4 copy), Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, that shows the type of discharge and all dates of active duty is required to verify your eligibility.

If applying to a vacancy opened to all US Citizens under category rating and wish to be considered as a preference eligible, you need to submit a copy of your DD214 (member-4 copy).
If claiming preference eligibility as a disabled veteran, you must submit proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally a valid letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. An SF-15 is desired, but not required.
If applying to a vacancy opened Status and you are requesting consideration under Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) (https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/shav/#veoa), you need to provide a copy of your last DD214 (member-4 copy), which verifies your military service dates, reason for separation, OR certification of separation that shows a discharge date within 120 days of the closing of this announcement, and eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act.

FEDERAL APPLICANTS: You must submit your most current and other SF-50(s) that verify your current position, highest competitive grade, full performance level, and eligibility as a federal applicant. DO NOT submit an award SF-50 as these often do not verify grade or eligibility. For consideration for a promotion, Box 4 of the SF-50 must show a date that is at least 52 weeks prior to the job announcement closing. We recommend submitting your last promotion SF-50, current SF-50 or within-grade increase SF-50. Pay adjustment raise SF-50s for the current year will not support the 52 weeks’ time-in-grade requirements. https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/service/SF-50/

NON COMPETITIVE APPLICANTS: If requesting concurrent consideration for Non-competitive (NC) appointment eligibility, you must provide the appropriate SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITY DOCUMENTS, such as PCS orders (military spouse) describing move & marriage certificate; letter from VA or DD214 describing 100% disability of spouse; letter from State Vocational Office certifying disability (schedule A), etc. For more information, visit military spouse NC appointments or Persons with Disabilities NC appointments.

DISPLACED EMPLOYEES: If requesting consideration under the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency CTAP program (ICTAP), you must meet the well qualified standards for this vacancy (meeting minimum requirements for position and scoring at least an 85 or falling in the Gold Category) and provide all of the following documents:

your most recent performance appraisal,
the proof of eligibility letter from the Agency, and
your most current SF-50, displaying current series and grade.

Displaced employees may be eligible for ICTAP or CTAP priority consideration. For more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.

Failure to submit any of the required documents by the closing date of the vacancy will result in your removal from consideration for this position. Please review your application prior to final submission and ensure you have submitted all appropriate documents. Uploading documents to USAJobs does NOT ensure inclusion with your application to our system. You must verify that the documents are in the system with your application prior to final submission.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Open to current and former Federal employees with competitive status, VEOA Applicants, AND All U.S. Citizens."	11192	Washington
Junior Project Manager -Health Training Curriculum	Technical Assent	Washington, DC	None	"Overview

You understand the power of great service experience and its ability to inspire customer behavior. You have a keen understanding of what it takes to deliver exceptional services, both in front of the house and behind the scenes. But most of all, you see all of this in the context of furthering our clients' core mission or business. The issues to be resolved are often difficult to define and quantify; may involve complex, traditionally competing interests; are often characterized by senior leadership interest and visibility, and require extensive proving and analysis.
Project Overview

You will help support the development, implementation, and refinement of a landmark training curriculum for critical employees in a leading integrated health care system, the Veterans Affairs Administration health system. As a Junior Project Manager, you'll have the opportunity to directly impact not only key VA personnel across the entire country, but also the Veterans they serve.
Junior Project Manager (Associate Consultant)

Works in a team environment to research, prepare, and deliver high quality, on-time deliverables to clients.
Earns client trust through completion of tasks and deliverables that support client outcomes and decision-making, including research, report development, and delivery of recommendations in certain cases.
Independently manages time to complete assigned tasks and contribute to team effort.
Take advantage of learning opportunities beyond specialty.
Contributes to organizational capability by building reusable process assets, templates, and tools that improve the consistency of our services.
Supports business development by playing an active role in researching customer needs, competitive environment, and actively supporting proposal efforts.
Maintains professional demeanor that is consistent with Technical Assent core values at all times.
Open-minded, curious approach to work, and desire to continue learning, especially in meeting or training facilitation and/or Human Centered Design.

Requirements

Strong software skills and/or ability to learn and troubleshoot quickly. Familiarity with SharePoint, Powerpoint, Excel, Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Webex.
Highly organized with experience coordinating digital meetings, managing multiple work streams. You will think through project sequencing and deftly navigate competing calendar demands, sometimes across varying time zones.
Draft and deliver meeting agendas/notes/client reports, slides, and other documents.
Creatively problem solve.
Possess strong communication skills and ability to communicate with various stakeholders, occasionally interfacing with clients via emails, leading meetings.
Track deadlines, tasks, and project status in shared calendars and project management software. ""Keep the trains running"" by tracking deadlines for deliverables and routine requirements and keeping the team accountable.

The Company

Technical Assent is passionate about services – in government, business, and not-for-profit. We design exceptional service experiences, engineer them to be robust, and deliver real capability and business outcomes for our clients. You will be working on government programs that have strategic importance to our client. Your team will work IN and ON the client's core mission – helping them to deliver their services day-to-day while simultaneously looking for opportunities to improve. Our work is Driven by Evidence , Grounded in Understanding, and Focused on Impact .

A Little About Our Culture

We look for these attributes in our teammates.

Our team combines the creative and the pragmatic to deliver the results that matter most to our clients. We see beauty when art and science come together.
We seek self-starters, people who are confident in tackling challenges independently and bringing this to high-performing teams. We continually seek feedback from our customers and employees, looking for opportunities to grow.
We are a small company which gives you an essential voice in shaping our culture. You will help grow our culture, and you will grow from the experience, too.

You will be part of a team to take an improvement concept and transform it into a capability – an asset that provides measurable value to our client's mission. The team will work with users, prototype, develop, and deliver new capabilities. We hold ourselves accountable to impacting outcomes."	11192	Washington
Junior Project Manager -Health Training Curriculum	Technical Assent	Washington, DC	None	"Overview

You understand the power of great service experience and its ability to inspire customer behavior. You have a keen understanding of what it takes to deliver exceptional services, both in front of the house and behind the scenes. But most of all, you see all of this in the context of furthering our clients' core mission or business. The issues to be resolved are often difficult to define and quantify; may involve complex, traditionally competing interests; are often characterized by senior leadership interest and visibility, and require extensive proving and analysis.
Project Overview

You will help support the development, implementation, and refinement of a landmark training curriculum for critical employees in a leading integrated health care system, the Veterans Affairs Administration health system. As a Junior Project Manager, you'll have the opportunity to directly impact not only key VA personnel across the entire country, but also the Veterans they serve.
Junior Project Manager (Associate Consultant)

Works in a team environment to research, prepare, and deliver high quality, on-time deliverables to clients.
Earns client trust through completion of tasks and deliverables that support client outcomes and decision-making, including research, report development, and delivery of recommendations in certain cases.
Independently manages time to complete assigned tasks and contribute to team effort.
Take advantage of learning opportunities beyond specialty.
Contributes to organizational capability by building reusable process assets, templates, and tools that improve the consistency of our services.
Supports business development by playing an active role in researching customer needs, competitive environment, and actively supporting proposal efforts.
Maintains professional demeanor that is consistent with Technical Assent core values at all times.
Open-minded, curious approach to work, and desire to continue learning, especially in meeting or training facilitation and/or Human Centered Design.

Requirements

Strong software skills and/or ability to learn and troubleshoot quickly. Familiarity with SharePoint, Powerpoint, Excel, Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Webex.
Highly organized with experience coordinating digital meetings, managing multiple work streams. You will think through project sequencing and deftly navigate competing calendar demands, sometimes across varying time zones.
Draft and deliver meeting agendas/notes/client reports, slides, and other documents.
Creatively problem solve.
Possess strong communication skills and ability to communicate with various stakeholders, occasionally interfacing with clients via emails, leading meetings.
Track deadlines, tasks, and project status in shared calendars and project management software. ""Keep the trains running"" by tracking deadlines for deliverables and routine requirements and keeping the team accountable.

The Company

Technical Assent is passionate about services – in government, business, and not-for-profit. We design exceptional service experiences, engineer them to be robust, and deliver real capability and business outcomes for our clients. You will be working on government programs that have strategic importance to our client. Your team will work IN and ON the client's core mission – helping them to deliver their services day-to-day while simultaneously looking for opportunities to improve. Our work is Driven by Evidence , Grounded in Understanding, and Focused on Impact .

A Little About Our Culture

We look for these attributes in our teammates.

Our team combines the creative and the pragmatic to deliver the results that matter most to our clients. We see beauty when art and science come together.
We seek self-starters, people who are confident in tackling challenges independently and bringing this to high-performing teams. We continually seek feedback from our customers and employees, looking for opportunities to grow.
We are a small company which gives you an essential voice in shaping our culture. You will help grow our culture, and you will grow from the experience, too.

You will be part of a team to take an improvement concept and transform it into a capability – an asset that provides measurable value to our client's mission. The team will work with users, prototype, develop, and deliver new capabilities. We hold ourselves accountable to impacting outcomes."	11192	Washington
Senior IT Project Manager	WESTAT	Rockville, MD	None	"Westat is an employee-owned corporation providing research services to agencies of the U.S. Government, as well as businesses, foundations, and state and local governments. Westat's research, technical, and administrative staff of more than 2,000 is located at our headquarters in Rockville, Maryland, near Washington, DC.

Westat is seeking a highly motivated Senior IT Project Manager to lead the requirements, design, specification, development, and deployment of applications and systems to support social and scientific research projects for federal agencies. You will join a technical community of developers and engineers providing intuitive, responsive interviewing and self-reporting systems to collect and analyze high quality data using various technologies and modern software development approaches. You will work with domain experts, program managers, methodologists, statisticians, and IT professionals to formulate and implement IT solutions that reflect an understanding of business issues, as well as IT strategies, problems, and priorities. Daily your strong communication and collaboration skills will be used with the internal IT team and clients.

Job Responsibilities:
Partner with domain staff and specialists to determine and manage the IT needs of a diverse portfolio of research projects focusing on field-based interviewer data collection using state of the art systems and sampling techniques.Keep up to date on current and emerging technologies, with emphasis on field-based studies, and best IT practices.Develop technical application systems designs and approaches for proposals and projects.Supervise IT professionals who are well-versed in various proprietary and open-source software such as web technologies, bio-specimen collections, mapping and GIS, study and operations management, and data collection modes using high-end survey software such as Blaise, CSPro, Voxco and UNICOM.Work effectively with a diverse staff specializing in the management of survey field operations, data management, questionnaire design, testing, security, mobile applications, interviewer training, device configuration and logistics, and deployment to a dispersed workforce.Assist with writing and budgeting for IT activities associated with projects, tasks, and proposals.

Basic Qualifications:
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field and a minimum of 12 years of relevant experience, including a strong track record of managing IT teams.Experience with 508 compliance and FISMA security standards.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with and knowledge in the design and management of social and scientific research projects, including familiarity with survey methodologies.Demonstrated experience with project management reporting, project documentation (requirements, specifications, design documents), and proposals.Demonstrated experience with case management systems, advanced survey software and computer assisted survey administration with various platforms and administration methods.
Westat offers a well-rounded and comprehensive benefits program focused on wellness and work/life balance. Eligible employees may participate in:
Employee Stock Ownership Plan
401(k) Retirement Plan
Paid Parental Leave
Vacation Leave
Sick Leave
Holiday Leave
Professional Development
Health Advocate
Employee Assistance Program
Travel Accident Insurance
Medical Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Short Term Disability Insurance
Long Term Disability Insurance
Life and AD&D Insurance
Critical Illness Insurance
Supplemental Life Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Savings Account
Westat is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, genetic information, gender identity or expression, or any other protected status under applicable law.
Career Area
Computer Systems and Applications"	11192	Washington
Manager, Architecture and Technology	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12387

Organization: IFC

Sector: Information Technology

Grade: GH

Term Duration: 3 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 7/2/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Established in 1944, the World Bank Group (WBG) is one of the world’s largest sources of funding and knowledge for development solutions. The WBG consists of five specialized institutions: The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), the International Development Association (IDA), the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), and the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID).
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) is the largest global development institution focused on the private sector in emerging markets. Working with 2,000 businesses worldwide, the Corporation uses over six decades of experience to create opportunities where they are needed most. Private sector financial development is essential to the promotion of successful and sustainable economies in low- and middle-income countries around the world. Sound and efficient financial markets can ensure that resources are allocated where they are most productive, assisting job creation and spurring economic growth.
IFC has embarked on an ambitious new growth strategy, the outcome of which will be to double our volume of business by 2030 and triple the work we do in Low Income Countries (LICs) and Fragile and Conflict affected States (FCS). To do so, IFC will need to deploy its full range of financing, mobilization, advisory, convening and thought leadership skills. This also calls for the need to generate our own opportunities by proactively working “Upstream” to create, deepen, and expand markets and opportunities for the private sector and to imagine, design and implement investment projects. This strategy also relies on a closer WBG collaboration through the “Cascade” approach: working with clients, we will first seek private sector solutions to address development challenges—where such solutions are advisable and can be effective—and reserve public financing for projects only when other options are suboptimal.
VPU Context: Information and Technology Solutions (ITS) enables the WBG to achieve its mission of ending extreme poverty by 2030 and boosting shared prosperity in a sustainable manner by delivering transformative information and technologies to its staff working in over 130 client countries. ITS services range from: establishing the infrastructure to reach and connect staff and development stakeholders; providing the devices and agile technology and information applications to facilitate the science of delivery through decentralized services; creating and maintaining tools to integrate information across the World Bank Group, the clients we serve and the countries where we operate; and delivering the computing power staff need to analyze development challenges and identify solutions. The ITS business model combines dedicated business solutions centers that provide services tailored to specific World Bank Group business needs and shared services that provide infrastructure, applications and platforms for the entire Group. ITS is one of three VPUs that have been brought together as the World Bank Group Integrated Services (WBGIS), to provide enhanced corporate core services and enable the institution to operate as one strategic and coordinated entity.
Unit Context: The mission of the Corporate Information Technologies Department (CIT) is to leverage technology to enable IFC’s strategic priorities and to support IFC’s business and operations. By acting as the technology partner and business enabler, the department provides state-of-art information and technology solutions to support IFC’s Investment & Advisory Services, Financial Operations, Treasury & the Asset Management Company. We work closely with the business to design solutions that automate business processes, help enable business responsiveness to clients, improve operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, and manage risks. We are committed to delivering business solutions that deliver value for money while we continue to excel at the basics by providing IFC with an integrated digital platform that connects policies, processes, people, and knowledge across the institution in a holistic and staff-centric manner. CIT aims to ensure that our solutions meet the business needs of users across a range of functions including operations and corporate business processes, information, knowledge and learning, data and analytics, and more.

CIT is seeking a Manager to lead, guide, and manage the IFC’s Architecture and Technology unit. The position will report to IFC Chief Information Officer. The Architecture and Technology Manager (hereafter also referred as the Manager) will lead a unit that provides support to CIT’s two business portfolios (Frontline Operations and Frontline Finance), as well as work in a complementary and collaborative fashion with various WBG ITS units to help execute IFC’s Information management and technology strategy

First and foremost, the Architecture and Technology Manager will work very closely with WBG ITS Enterprise Architecture unit to ensure that a strong enterprise architecture, aligned with the WBG enterprise architecture principles and standards, is in place to guide the implementation of all IFC’s systems. The Manager will lead a team of business process, data, application, and technology architects in developing and governing the IFC’s enterprise architecture for all existing and to-be-built systems. He/she will provide the vision and leadership in articulating the future state of the IFC’s enterprise architecture, and champion the effort to implement the necessary architectural changes in existing systems to reach the desired objectives. The Architecture and Technology Manager will provide oversight of all architecture related aspects in the IFC’s Investment Program. In this capacity, he/she will partner with ITS Enterprise Architecture team to structure and manage the IFC’s Enterprise Architecture Review Board, the main governance body responsible for all aspects of the IFC’s architecture and technology.

Secondly, the Architecture and Technology Manager will work with ITS Enterprise Services unit to ensure sound, robust, high performance, and updated infrastructure is in place for all dependent IFC applications, agree and coordinate all relevant technical and infrastructure upgrades and changes.

Thirdly, the Architecture and Technology Manager will lead the unit to work jointly with ITS Technology Innovation unit and make use of various ITS technology and innovation experts to help drive CIT’s innovation effort, and help increase the rate of adoption of innovative technologies in IFC.

The Architecture and Technology Manager will also act as the key adviser to the IFC CIO on all technology matters and serve as a spokesperson for the IFC’s architecture and technology matters, both internally and externally, including representing IFC’s interests in the WBG’s Architecture Review Board.

Duties and Accountabilities
Develop and manage the IFC’s Architecture and Technology function, with particular focus on establishing the vision, business plan, and strategic staffing. In this respect, the Architecture and Technology Manager will lead the setting up of the key components of the unit, including (a) business process architecture, (b) data and information architecture, (c) systems and technologies architecture, (d) infrastructure and environment support, and (e) innovation.Lead the analysis of IFC’s business processes, data and systems landscape to recommend the direction for the to-be state of IFC’s enterprise architecture.Develop and provide applications platforms and tools that will guide the implementation, integration, and management of solutions in support of IFC IT Program, in alignment with a standard framework that ensures scale leverage and risk controls.Provide architecture and technology guidance to IFC’s Investment Program that will optimize the identification of solutions with an integrated view of the entire IFC application landscape.Analyze technologies and market trends in the industry, and determine potential applicability at the IFC, including but not limited to areas such as AI, robotic, automation, IOT, blockchain, virtualization, edge and cloud computing, mobility and more.In coordination with the WBG ITS Enterprise Architecture team, oversee the evaluation and selection of hardware and software product standards, as well as the design of standard hardware and software configurations.Evaluate and make decisions on the technology stack for every system developed for IFC.In coordination with the business portfolio solution design teams, ensure that the design and implementation of products and services are aligned with the established architectural direction and technology decisions, and identify adjustments to the design in order to accommodate specific development and/or infrastructure requirements.In coordination with the WBG ITS Enterprise Architecture team, establish and monitor standards, guidelines, checklists, and processes for architectural development and compliance.Take charge of the architecture of the entire IFC application landscape to ensure consistency, simplicity, and alignment with WBG Enterprise Architecture standards and guidelines, and industry best practice.Assess and communicate the result of the enterprise architecture implementation through relevant metrics and scorecards, and via the various architectural review boards.Liaise with other organizations to collaborate on joint initiatives, promote architectural compatibility and synergies in technology adoption and technical implementations.Set up the organization structure for the new unit, define the required roles and ensure the effective assignment of roles and responsibilities to staff, including hiring of new staff.Model exemplary WBG leadership values and managerial behaviors and reinforce these qualities in own team and staff.Drive and inspire technical excellence within the team and the unit by creating an environment of learning and innovation that attracts and develops the best talent reflective of the diversity of our clientsManage and mentor IT staff to provide state-of-the-practice services.Support management in developing and implementing appropriate strategies for global staffing, deployment, talent, and performance management.Develops and implements strategies to ensure that IFC and ITS can attract and retain top IT talent. By acting as a ""thought leader"" and developing a network of contacts in the community, this role increases the status of IFC and ITS as an employer for top IT talent thus contributing to the IFC's ability to attract and retain technical staff.Create an inclusive environment for staff and be a role-model to IFC’s diversion and inclusion agenda.Act as a technology adviser to the IFC CIO and provide recommendation on technology adoption for IFC as a whole.Provides special insights and expertise that ensures that breakthroughs and competitive advantage through technology are realized.
Selection Criteria
Passion for the WBG mission.Passion and vision for the adoption of technology in enabling existing business and fulfilling future business growth and transformation.Master’s degree in IT or related discipline and with at least 12 to 15 years of relevant experience (at least 2 of which must have been in a managerial or leading capacity).
Industry recognizable management and technical certifications in architecture, or related areas, are an advantage.In-depth knowledge and experience in developing and implementing business-driven enterprise architectures in multiple, sophisticated, and complex technical environments, while anticipating and mitigating risks. Experience in integrating architectures within multiple lines of business.Sound understanding of contemporary information management strategies and technologies, and their practical application to add business value. In-depth knowledge of network and Service Oriented Architecture analysis and design.Ability to translate the complexities of IT in a manner understood by non-technical executives.Knowledge of IFC and World Bank’s systems a plus, though not mandatory, including information reporting, document management, web management, application security, enterprise resource management, risk management and other corporate system. Demonstrated ability to design, integrate and implemented solutions within multilateral organizations.Possession of a combination of deep technical understanding, relationship management, financial management experience, proven leadership, and pragmatism to take stock of the status of the portfolio and make improvements in a decisive and objective manner.Ability to objectively negotiate and facilitate trade-offs, build consensus and commitment to a ‘best value’ direction among multiple stakeholders, often with broadly divergent frames of reference and competing interests, within a multinational institutionProven track record with leading matrixed teams and working collaboratively across organizational boundaries and partners to achieve program objectivesMust be a clear and logical thinker with an open and innovative mind, and the ability to think outside the box.Exceptional interpersonal, facilitation and negotiation skills to build partnerships with a network of key internal and external stakeholders. Track record for working with diverse groups to build consensus and driving integrated implementations.Open mindedness, willingness to transform, and the ability to act as a “change agent” both within CIT and for IFC.In-depth knowledge of business process reengineering principles and processes, and the ability to link these to strategic business priorities.Strong leadership, planning, and organizational skills combined with excellent written and verbal communication skills.Understanding of financial models and budgeting to estimate the financial impact of enterprise architecture alternatives.Demonstrable qualities of being resourceful, resilient, and versatile.The ability to handle tough deadlines, and multiple demands from multiple sources.Positive attitude and highest ethical standards are a must.

Job Specific Competencies
Client Understanding and Advising: Acts as a credible business partner and works with a long-term WBG-wide perspective in addressing clients' needs. Based on an in-depth understanding of long-term strategies of ITS and its clients, plays a lead role in advocating for a position that is best for WBG even when it’s difficult or unpopular with others in the VPU and/or the client. Builds an independent opinion of clients’ needs and opportunities that may challenge traditional approaches within WBG. Creates strategies that identifies where multiple VPU can add additional value to customers beyond normal offerings.Learning Orientation: Stays abreast of new trends and developments in the industry and broader trends affecting WBG. Tracks developments in the field through readily available sources and by maintaining active involvement with relevant industry, user and vendor associations. Ensures that best practices are incorporated into the normal approaches taken by the VPU to enhance the business.Broad Business Thinking: Maintains a deep understanding of key business issues. Understands the broader WBG-wide ramifications of individual account decisions and makes decisions accordingly to ensure consistency across WBG. Partners with business leaders to sponsor long-term WBG-wide initiatives. Defines strategic imperatives in terms of the links between increased value, WBG needs and services/solutions for multiple lines of business and WBGBusiness Function Knowledge: Participates in setting the strategic direction of and drivers for multiple lines of business. Applies superior industry benchmarks to proposals for organization-wide initiatives. Sponsors capital intensive, strategic business change. Reviews long-term business and technical solutions proactively. Evaluates high -risk proposals and defines parameters for contingency plans that ensure seamless change to the enterprise.Foundation Architecture Knowledge: Sets the strategic direction for and approves the overall definition for the organization's architecture standards. Reviews emerging trends and assesses impact for company. Applies and adapts to the needs of the enterprise both philosophy and principles of foundation architecture. Integrates the technology architecture with the strategic goals of the business.Knowledge of Emerging Technology: Reviews, sponsors and approves recommendations for applying new or emerging technology throughout the enterprise. Develops associated long-term strategy, impact and plan for emerging technology application throughout the environment, communicating implementation, integration and interconnectivity risks and issues to senior business leaders. Provides input and direction to vendors and manufacturers with regard to their product development.Strategic Technology Planning: Researches and benchmarks against best-practice architecture/technology needs for significant, integrated work processes. Defines criteria for prioritization and recommends core components of a strategy technology plan. Leads implementation of the approved strategic technology plan for significant, integrated work processes. Systems Thinking: Sponsors strategic long-term improvement plans that take into account the critical, underlying and less apparent relationships between multiple complex business, technology and systems platforms. Devises and evaluates plans that integrate system components across existing and new businesses. Reviews risk evaluations and approves significant changes and upgrades.Risk Management: Determines the probability of risk and provides input for major investments and strategic decisions. Sponsors, reviews and approves long-term, enterprise-wide strategies. Allocates resources and responsibilities for the purposes of risk identification, monitoring and treatment.

CORE COMPETENCIES

WBG Leadership Values and Managerial Behaviors:
Leadership of Self: Role model the change and values for WBG; Demonstrate courage of convictions, ownership and self-mastery within the organization in accordance to our valuesPeople Leadership: Lead and inspire staff to perform and deliver for better results; Help others achieve their fullest potential through coaching and mentorshipCollaborative Leadership: Be mutually accountable for entire WBG’s corporate targets and success; Work across WBG and with clients and partners to achieve better resultsClient Solutions Leadership: Be the leading provider of development solutions for country clients; Provide leadership in both knowledge generation and knowledge sharingDecisive Leadership: Take informed risks and make decisions in a transparent manner resulting in transformative impact for clients; Commit to decisions once they have been made

WBG 5 Managerial Competencies: Courage of your convictions; Leading Teams for impact; Influencing across boundaries; Fostering openness to new ideas; and Building talent for the future.

WBG Core Competencies for all staff: Lead and Innovate; Deliver Results for Clients; Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries; Create, Apply and Share Knowledge; and Make Smart Decisions

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11192	Washington
Health IT Project Manager	M Powered Strategies	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"Based in Washington, DC, MPS is an SBA-certified HUBZone Small Business, dedicated to empowering our clients through innovative change management services, with a focus on organizational effectiveness. Founded by a former Peace Corps volunteer, our consultants have served executives in the federal sector for over a decade, working on several high-profile initiatives. We pride ourselves on being experienced consultants, trusted advisers, and reliable partners. As a designated Employer of National Service, our core value is a commitment to public service.
Health IT Project Manager
Join MPS as an IT Project Manager and support the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) as a Project Manager to provide support to address changes to task/project details, schedule or resources, as well as new tasks and projects. Provide project management support, meeting facilitation, SharePoint site administration, and data administration on multiple platforms. Support of one of the following councils: Acute Care Delivery, Rehabilitation and Acute Clinical Ancillaries, or Geriatrics and Extended Care. Collaborate with VA council leadership, members, and Cerner resources to identify, capture, analyze, assess, and develop treatment and control plans.Manage stakeholders and log all identified risks to the risk registry. Lead scheduling, planning, logistics, facilitation, and documentation for the Council and provide guidance and feedback on how change management can best support their specific group. Develop status reports and other briefings for a variety of audiences. Document after action items and follow up tasks with due dates based on meeting discussion.
General Requirements

Minimum of 10 years of experience is required. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific /technical discipline is required
Experience managing Health Information Technology related projects
Experience with life cycle and project management methodologies
Experience in tracking costs, schedule and performance progress
Strong ability to identify and mitigate risks
Strong facilitation skills across across complex stakeholder environment
Experience in applying and modifying the principles, methods, and techniques associated with one of the following: Acute Care Delivery, Rehabilitation, or Geriatrics
Experience with meeting facilitation
Knowledge of Electronic Health Records Clinical Workflows, SharePoint, PowerPoint, and Excel at an advanced level
This position requires the candidate to work on-site in Washington, DC.


Additional Qualifications

Experience in the VA
Experience implementing Electronic Health Records


MPS does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status in any of its business activities including recruiting and selection. We are committed to providing a diverse, inclusive and welcoming environment for employees, volunteers, subcontractors, vendors, and clients."	11192	Washington
SPECIAL ASSISTANT	US Citizenship and Immigration Services	Camp Springs, MD	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Office of Chief Financial Officer.

As a Special Assistant you will serve as an expert consultant on broad projects and programs with national impact and provide advice and guidance on undefined and controversial issues and elements for programs essential to the agency's mission.

Responsibilities
Provides advice and guidance on issues essential to the organization's mission.
Develops tools, methodologies and practices to analyze reports, monitor and manage risks according to risk management framework and relevant policies.
Represents leadership as needed at internal and external meetings, conferences, and events.
Provides strategic planning, organizational capability, and long-term initiatives for continued effective and productive operations.
Identifies, evaluates, and analyzes financial, security, IT and other risks inherent to the Directorate/agency's business operations, and formulates, implements, and administers, risk management strategies.
Exercises a broad degree of independence and applies authoritative judgment in developing and maintaining relationships with various stakeholders in the government, private industry, and State and local municipalities.
Provides organized, focused, confidential and high-level support for executives, while being able to multi-task advanced complex and highly sensitive USCIS projects.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be required to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
15
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Assistants, Office
Managers, All Other
Managers, Training
Office Assistants
Training Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. National to apply for this position
Successfully pass a Background Investigation including financial disclosure
You must pass a drug screening
You must submit resume and supporting documentation
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service
Political appointees may require OPM approval before on-boarding
The qualifications for this position must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

Current Federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the lower grade or equivalent grade band in the Federal service. The Time-in-Grade requirement must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

This position is not in the bargaining unit.

This position is not considered ""essential"" for purposes of reporting to work when the facility might otherwise be closed.

Residency Requirement: There is a residency requirement for all applicants not currently employed by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. This residency requirement states that candidates must have, for three of the last five years immediately prior to applying for this position; (1) resided in the United States; OR (2) worked for the United States Government as an employee overseas in a Federal or Military capacity, OR (3) been a dependent of a U.S. Federal or Military employee serving overseas.

Background Investigation: To ensure the accomplishment of our mission, DHS requires every employee to be reliable and trustworthy. To meet those standards, all selected applicants must undergo and successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a review of financial issues such as delinquency in the payment of debts, child support and/or tax obligations, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs. The background investigation process is initiated after a selection is made. For more information visit the OPM Mythbuster Page.

If a SECRET or TOP SECRET clearance is needed or the position is designated a Sensitive National Security position, all selected candidates must meet the requirements for these clearances or Sensitive National Security position prior to placement AND maintain that level of clearance or national security eligibility while encumbering the position.

Probationary Period: You may be required to serve a probationary period of 1 year.
Qualifications
GS-15: You qualify at the GS-15 level if you possess one (1) year of specialized experience, which is equivalent to at least the GS-14 level in the federal government, that equipped you with the skills needed to successfully perform the duties of the position. You must have experience performing the following duties:

Serving as a personal, confidential consultant and supporting liaison on issues stemming from broad projects and programs with national impact;
Providing advice, guidance and resolution of complex relations problems or issues impacting major agency programs;
Researching and writing reports or other working documents that provide guidance on the impact of complex nation-wide program issues.

The assessments for this job will measure:

Administration and Management
Attention to Detail
Creativity and Innovation
Customer Service
Human Capital Management
Interpersonal Skills
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Self-Management
Teamwork
Technical Competence
Technology Application
Workload Planning and Organization
Writing

Please read the following important information to ensure you submit everything we need to consider your application: It is your responsibility to ensure that you submit your responses and appropriate documentation prior to the closing date. Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must highlight your most relevant and significant experience and education (if applicable), as it relates to this job opportunity announcement. USCIS will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your initial eligibility/qualifications for a position. As such, please be sure to include content to support your eligibility/qualifications for this position within the first 5 pages. Please note that your full resume will be made available to the hiring manager if you are referred. Be clear and specific when describing your work history since Human Resources cannot make assumptions regarding your experience. Your application will be rated and ranked based on your responses to the online questions.

Please ensure EACH work history includes ALL of the following information:

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
Employer's name and address
Supervisor name and phone number
Start and end dates including month, day and year (e.g. June 18 2007 to April 05 2008)
Start and end dates for each grade/pay level if you've held a federal position.
Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
Salary

Determining length of General or Specialized Experience is dependent on the above information and failure to provide the above information may result in a finding of ineligible.

Note: Overstating your qualifications and/or experience in your application materials or application questionnaire may result in your removal from consideration.

Federal Experience: If you are using current or prior federal experience as a basis for qualifying for this position, the grade levels and length of employment (mm/dd/year) at each grade level must be listed in your work history. This information will be further validated if selected for this position.

The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office

National Service Experience (i.e., volunteer experience): Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build criteria competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer service. Please provide the dates and amount of time/hours worked earning this experience.
Education
EDUCATIONAL SUBSTITUTION: There is no educational substitution at this grade level.
Additional information
Special Employment Consideration: The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps, VISTA volunteers, and persons with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links above or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement.

Any offers of employment made pursuant to this announcement will be consistent with all applicable authorities, including Presidential Memoranda, Executive Orders, interpretive U.S. Office of Personnel Management guidance and U.S. Office of Management and Budget plans and policies concerning hiring. These authorities are subject to change.

Additional Information:

USCIS uses E-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities.

If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment.

It is our responsibility to eliminate any risks to national security, public health, and public safety that could be posed by individuals who use illegal drugs. This position may be subject to random testing as a condition of employment. A positive drug test or refusal to be tested will result in disciplinary action, up to and including removal from Federal service.

Note: If you previously retired from the Federal service and are receiving an annuity, your salary may be offset by the amount of your annuity.

Applying to this announcement certifies that you give permission for DHS to share your application with others in DHS for similar positions.

Common definitions for hiring terms found in this announcement.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this position based upon information reflected in your resume. Your resume must support your responses to the job specific assessment questionnaire, level of education claimed, experience, and/or training. To remain in consideration for this position, please ensure your resume covers this requirement and that your resume has been successfully submitted as part of your on-line application package.

Creation of this package includes completing the on-line assessment questionnaire, uploading your resume, and uploading any required supporting documents.

NOTE: Your resume and supporting documentation will be verified. If you rated yourself higher than what is supported by your application material, you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

If you are found best qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview.

Veterans: Certain veterans are eligible to apply as a status candidate under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA). View Feds Hire vets for more information.

 Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) Eligible: If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not CTAP/ICTAP eligible. View information about CTAP or ICTAP eligibility on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered well qualified under CTAP/ ICTAP, you must be placed in the Well-Qualified category for this position, as described above. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this job announcement.

Note: Applicants who are referred to the hiring office for selection consideration may be required to complete a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of the interview/selection process. If the hiring office decides to request a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of its selection process, a designated contractor or Agency representative will contact you to: (1) inform you of this requirement; and (2) provide further instructions.

Conditions of Employment Reminder: If you fail to meet the conditions of employment or any other pre-employment requirements, such as missing any of the scheduled appointments, the hiring agency may rescind their tentative offer of employment.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
Yes
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume: You must submit a resume that clearly demonstrates you have experience that meets the requirements of this position as outlined in the “Qualifications” section. USCIS’ Human Resources Office will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your eligibility/qualifications.

In order to ensure that you include all necessary information within the first 5 pages of your resume, you are highly encouraged to save and submit your resume as a PDF instead of submitting it through Resume Builder or a word-processing program such as Word or Google Docs.

Your responses to the job questionnaire. (submitted through the on-line application process in USA Jobs. Responses DO NOT need to be attached as an additional document to your application)

Are you a veteran? You must provide acceptable documentation of your preference or appointment eligibility. The member 4 copy of your DD214, ""Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty,"" is preferable. If claiming 10 point preference, you will need to submit a Standard Form (SF-15), ""Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference."" If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions. View more veterans’ information.

Are you a current or former Federal employee? Submit a copy of your official SF-50 (no text version) or other official ""Notification of Personnel Action"" document that shows the following information:

your appointment in the competitive service
tenure
grade and step
full performance level

If your SF-50(s) does not provide the information needed to make a final determination for qualification, you will be found ineligible for the position. SF-50B print screens from NFC are not official documents and are not acceptable. This includes USCIS employees as well. All current DHS employees can print their own SF-50's by accessing the DHS eOPF website. If you have forgotten your user name or password, eOPF offers a self-service feature to assist you.

If you are a current CIS employee and need access information to eOPF, contact USCIS.EOPF@uscis.dhs.gov. For all other agencies please see your servicing Human Resources Office.

You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and or incentive awards. If you are a Federal employee and have received a current performance rating, it is strongly encouraged that a copy accompanies your application submission. Doing so allows the selecting official access to all information surrounding your potential to fulfill the duties and responsibilities commensurate of the position being considered for. Failure to provide may impede the selecting official's understanding of the qualifications and experience that you possess.

Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP)? Submit:

a copy of your agency notice,
a copy of your most recent performance rating, and
a copy of your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, noting your current position, grade level, and duty location.

Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent appointment:

Position title
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee)
Agency
Beginning and ending dates of appointment

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select ""Benefits."" Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more.

Review our benefits
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current Federal Employees with competitive status, Reinstatement, OPM Interchange Agreement, VEOA, Schedule A and Surplus/Displaced eligibles."	11192	Washington
IT Infrastructure & Construction Project Manager (Remote)	M Powered Strategies	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"Based in Washington, DC, MPS is an SBA-certified HUBZone Small Business, dedicated to empowering our clients through innovative change management services, with a focus on organizational effectiveness. Founded by a former Peace Corps volunteer, our consultants have served executives in the federal sector for over a decade, working on several high-profile initiatives. We pride ourselves on being experienced consultants, trusted advisers, and reliable partners. As a designated Employer of National Service, our core value is a commitment to public service.
IT Infrastructure Project Manager
Support the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program.


Support project management across multiple projects across the VISN. Support planning of projects and mitigate risks associated with software development. Able to articulate best practices as it relates to cost and schedule. Ability to support senior leadership presentations, data calls and interagency collaboration
Experience in Construction or Supporting Construction Sites is highly desirable!
Required Qualifications

Minimum of 5 years of experience is required. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirements
Large enterprise network engineer background with a strong understanding of technology stack
Able to plan, design, and oversee deployment of complex enterprise-wide or large-scale information architectures including computer hardware and software, operating systems, middleware, communications hardware and software, and security components
Knowledge of standards for open systems architectures as they apply to the implementation and specification of complex information management solutions to ensure systems are compatible and in compliance with the standards
Able to identify necessary interfaces between enterprise solution applications and legacy IT environments
Able to perform business case analysis and identification of alternative solutions and resulting business impacts
Accomplished communication and troubleshooting skills
Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, Business or related field is required


Preferred Qualifications

Experience in the VA or DOD
Experience, training, or certifications in IT governance frameworks such as ITIL or CMMI
Experience with Electronic Health Records or other Health IT systems
Federal consulting experience
Experience managing Information Technology (IT) related projects


MPS does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status in any of its business activities including recruiting and selection. We are committed to providing a diverse, inclusive and welcoming environment for employees, volunteers, subcontractors, vendors, and clients."	11192	Washington
Project Manager	E-Logic, Inc.	Washington, DC	$90,000 - $105,000 a year	Support for the following: planning activities, tasking activities, personnel utilization by labor category, project financials, costs, schedules, and issues/risks management plan.provide a report that identify all activities which IT Security related, and the percentage of time the activities consumed in the previous monthIdentify, track, and manage project risks that may affect the project objectives and document their characteristics.Managing risks and issues and outlines the risk and issue management activities.Ensuring compliance with all program requirements; ensuring the delivery of quality products through effective testing and validation; ensuring compliance with Certification and Accreditation requirementJob Type: Full-timePay: $90,000.00 - $105,000.00 per yearApplication Question(s):What is your desired salary?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Project Management: 5 years (Preferred)System Engineering Life Cycle: 5 years (Preferred)Risk Management: 5 years (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)	11192	Washington
Project Specialist	US Food and Drug Administration	Silver Spring, MD	$72,750 - $94,581 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is in the Food and Drug Administration, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Office of the Center Director, Drug Safety Operations located in Silver Spring, MD. As Project Specialist, handles center-wide projects encompassing all offices and Divisions in the Center; and works with staff on varied projects within the Office. This position reports to the Associate Director for Drug Safety Operations.
Responsibilities
Handles center-wide projects encompassing all offices and Divisions in the Center; and works with staff on varied projects within the Office.
Works with other staff to develop project plans, including setting time frames, milestones, and agreed-upon work products; and gathers a variety of data to complete varied projects.
Responsible for the development, management, and evaluation of correspondence system to assure necessary and timely identification and processing of inquiries and other correspondence and documents for referral.
Monitors and reports status of all assigned project management activities through interaction with project participants, staff members, and, if required, supervisors and directors.
Travel Required
25% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
11
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Development Specialists
Specialists, Development
Specialists, Training
Training And Development Specialists
Training Specialists
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Citizenship Requirement: You must be a U.S. Citizen to be considered for this advertisement unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Selective Service Registration: All applicants born male, on (or after) 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service System OR have an approved exemption. Visit www.SSS.gov for more info.
FDA participates in e-Verify: All new hires must complete the I-9 form; this information will be processed through e-Verify to determine your employment eligibility. If a discrepancy arises, you must take affirmative steps to resolve the matter.
Background Investigation Requirement: All employees must pass a security investigation. Failing to pass the background check may be grounds for removal or legal action. If hired, you may be subject to additional investigations at a later time.
Time-in-Grade Requirement: If you are applying as a current Federal employee, you must meet the time-in-grade requirements described in the Qualifications section, generally, 52-weeks of comparable experience at the next lowest grade.
You must meet ALL requirements by the closing date of this announcement to be considered. Only education, experience, and qualifications attained by this date will be considered. You must continue to meet all requirements through the hiring process.
Certification of Accuracy: All information concerning eligibility and qualification is subject to investigation and verification. False representation may be grounds for non-consideration, non-selection, or appropriate legal action.
Direct Deposit: You will be required to have all federal salary payments electronically deposited into a bank account with a financial institution of your choice.
Additional selections may be made from this vacancy, within the same geographical area, by other organizational elements from within FDA, through shared corporate recruiting activities.
A probationary period may be required.
Qualifications
The position of Project Specialist falls under the 0301 occupational series. To qualify for this position at grade GS-11, you must meet Time-in-Grade requirements by 11:59 pm EST on 06/21/2021.

Applicants must meet the minimum qualification requirements.


Minimum Qualification Requirements:
GS 11- In order to qualify for the GS-11, applicants must have one year of specialized experience, equivalent to the GS-09 in the Federal service to include developing recommendations on projects; acting on deadline action items; tracking the status of all projects; assisting staff in project development and the dissemination of project information to related work groups. -OR-
Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related.

Specialized Experience. Specialized experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

Note: One year of full-time graduate education is considered to be the number of credit hours that the school you attended has determined to represent one year of study. If this information cannot be obtained from your school, we will consider 18 semester/27 quarter hours to be equal to one year of full-time study. This position requires a degree or completion of specific courses in order to meet the basic education requirement. You must submit an official transcript, unofficial transcript, or a list including courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. Your transcript(s) must clearly demonstrate the course(s) listed in the Basic Qualification requirement section. If the transcript(s) does not clearly demonstrate this, you must submit a copy of the course description and/or other documentation demonstrating that the courses are equivalent. Degree requirements must be met by the closing date of this job announcement and your transcript(s) submitted must reflect this.
Preferred Experience: Highly qualified applicants will be familiar/have experience with 1) platforms such as Microsoft Teams, Zoom to support collaboration, calls, meetings and 2) document management/intranet platforms to store, collaborate, and share information across the organization (e.g. SharePoint Online).

Time-in-Grade: Any individual who is currently holding, or has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet time-in-grade requirements (must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade or equivalent in the Federal service). Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

In accordance with Office of Personnel Management policy, federal employees are assumed to have gained experience by performing duties and responsibilities appropriate for their official series and grade level as described in their position description. Experience that would not normally be part of the employee's position is creditable, however, when documented by satisfactory evidence, such as a signed memorandum from the employee's supervisor or an SF-50 or SF-52 documenting an official detail or other official assignment. The documentation must indicate whether the duties were performed full time or, if part time, the percentage of times the other duties were performed. It is expected that this documentation is included in the employee's official personnel record. In order to receive credit for experience in your resume that is not within the official series and grade level of your official position, you must provide a copy of the appropriate documentation of such experience as indicated above.

If you are applying based on some other qualifying eligibility (i.e. you are not applying as a current Federal employee), you must meet the specific requirements of the eligibility you are claiming, and must have sufficient past experience to demonstrate that you are minimally qualified for this position. See Unique Hiring Paths on USAJOBS for more information about various ways you may be eligible to apply!

PHS Commissioned Corps Officers interested in performing the duties of this position within the Commissioned Corps may apply online to this announcement. Candidates will be referred to (CC) personnel and not as candidates for conversion to a permanent career or career-conditional appointment.

NOTE: It is your responsibility to ensure your responses and appropriate documentation is submitted prior to the closing date. To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, https://my.usajobs.gov/Account/Login, select the Application Status link and then select the More Information link for this position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent related to this application.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. Qualifications are based on breadth/level of experience. In addition to describing duties performed, applicants must provide the exact dates of each period of employment (from MM/YY to MM/YY) and the number of hours worked per week if part time. As qualification determinations cannot be made when resumes do not include the required information, failure to provide this information may result in disqualification. Applicants are encouraged to use the USAJOBS Resume Builder to develop their federal resume.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

You must submit supporting documentation to verify your eligibility to apply for this vacancy. For most applicants, an SF-50 will be required. However, if you are applying as a Veteran, individual with a qualifying disability, or a displaced employee, you will be required to provide other supporting documents as applicable. See the Required Documents section for details.

Be sure that any files you upload as supporting documentation are free of security or compression features which render such documents unreadable to our system.
Education
EDUCATION:
If you are claiming education as any part of your qualifications for this position, you must submit an official transcript, unofficial transcript, or a list including courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program. For further information, click on foreign education.

TRANSCRIPTS:
Positions which are scientific or technical in nature often have very specific educational requirements. You must submit an official transcript, unofficial transcript, or a list including courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned. If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities, see the Foreign Education section below for additional requirements.


Pay careful attention to the Qualifications and Education sections to identify vacancies where a transcript is required. Even if you hold a similar position or are a current employee, you are not exempt from transcript requirements.


Electronic Transcript Caution: If you have obtained your transcripts electronically, the file might contain security measures that could prevent our application system from reading the file. Therefore, you should consider asking the institution to provide the file in a non-secured electronic format. Alternatively, you could scan or take a photo of the printed copy of the transcript. If your uploaded transcript cannot be read by our system, you may receive consideration and credit for the information we can access.

See the Application Manager Documentation for tips on submitting your paper-based documents.


FOREIGN EDUCATION
Applicants
using part or all of their education completed outside of the U.S. to meet the qualification requirements
, must have their foreign education evaluated by an accredited organization to ensure that the foreign education is comparable to education received in accredited educational institutions in the U.S. We will only accept the completed foreign credential evaluation.

To be acceptable, the foreign credential evaluation must include/describe at a minimum, the following information: (1) The type of education received by the applicant; (2) The level of education in relation to the U.S. education system, and state that its comparability recommendations follow the general guidelines of the International Evaluation Standards Council; (3) The content of the applicant's educational program earned abroad, and the standard obtained; (4) The status of the awarding foreign school's recognition and legitimacy in its home country's education system; and (5) Any other information of interest such as what the evaluation service did to obtain this information, the qualifications of the evaluator, and any indications as to other problems such as forgery.
Note: Some positions require the completion of specific courses or a specified number of credit hours. Therefore, the foreign credential evaluation should provide information similar to that of an official transcript, to include a list of the courses taken, quarter and/or semester hours awarded, the cumulative grade point average (GPA), honors received, if any, date degree awarded.

Applicants can request an evaluation from a member organization of one of the two national associations of credential evaluation services listed below:
National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES)
Association of International Credentials Evaluators
(AICE)

Credential evaluations are not free, and applicants are responsible for the cost of the selected service.
For more information about this requirement, please visit the U.S. Department of Education website for Foreign Education Evaluation
Additional information
For some advertisements, the Food & Drug Administration receives hundreds, even thousands, of applications from job-seekers. Because of this high level of interest, FDA reserves the option of setting an application number limit.

When an application limit is set, USAJOBS will close the vacancy at 11:59 pm Eastern Time on either:
(A) the day the limit is reached, -OR-

(B) the pre-defined closing date of , whichever comes first.
If the limit is reached before 11:59 pm ET, all applications in excess of the limit will continue to be accepted until 11:59 pm ET.
The application limit for this advertisement, if applicable, is: 100
For more information about announcement closing, see: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/faq/job-announcement/expiration/

ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT THAT MAY BE REQUIRED

Pre-employment physical: NO

Drug testing: NO
License: NO
Mobility agreement: NO
Immunization: NO
Bargaining Unit Position: YES, 3591
If you are serving, or have served in the last 5 years (from ) as an Executive Branch political, Schedule C, or Non-career SES appointee, HHS/FDA may be required to obtain approval by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) prior to beginning employment. You can find out if you have held one of these appointment types by looking at your Standard Form 50s in your Electronic Official Personnel Folder (eOPF), in Section 5 where the legal authorities are listed. If you have served or are currently serving, you must provide a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, documenting this appointment. In addition, you will be required to respond to the question in the assessment and certify your responses to the questionnaire. Political Appointees FAQ - OPM
Special Appointing Authorities: If you are applying to this announcement based a special eligibility, such as those for people with disabilities, veterans (or military spouses), or displaced employees under a career transition program, please pay careful attention to the Required Documents section for details on application requirements for each eligibility path, to include supporting document requirements.
All requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement (06/21/2021 ); only education and experience gained by this date will be considered. You must continue to meet all requirements throughout the entire hiring process.

This position may require financial disclosure reporting and will be subject to FDA's prohibited financial interest regulation. If you are hired, you may be required to divest of certain financial interests. You are advised to seek additional information on this requirement from the hiring official before accepting any job offers. For more information please visit the FDA Ethics web page: https://www.fda.gov/about-fda/jobs-and-training-fda/ethics.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the job opportunity announcement closes (at 11:59 pm EST on06/21/2021 ), a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be conducted, the information will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your eligibility for Federal employment, and then whether you are qualified for this particular position.

If you are referred to the hiring manager for consideration, you may be further evaluated based on an interview; review of requested work samples, writing samples, most recent performance evaluation(s), or professional references; or results of an oral presentation or work-related test. Failure to comply with any of the additional assessment requirements will result in removal from further consideration. These assessment methods/tools may also be listed under Key Requirements.

If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your responses when compared to your background information, you may be deemed ineligible, or your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your skills and abilities. Additionally, we will review your supporting documents and resume to determine if you are in the ""Area of Consideration"" for this vacancy. Government-Wide Merit Promotion vacancies may only accept applications from a limited audience, pay careful attention to the ""Who May Apply"" and the ""Hiring Paths"" information. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

Basis of Rating: Merit Promotion Procedures for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will be used to rate and rank candidates. The category assignment is a measure of the degree in which your background matches the competencies required for this position. Qualified candidates will be ranked into one of three categories: Best Qualified, Well-Qualified or Qualified.

Interagency / Career Transition Assistance Program (I/CTAP):Well-Qualified is defined as an applicant who meets the qualification standards and eligibility requirements for the position, including minimum educational and experience requirements; any qualifications and suitability; is able to perform the essential duties of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation; meets any applicable selective placement factors for the position (such as the ability to speak a specific language or any other factor required immediately upon hire); and is able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, surplus or displaced Federal employees must be rated at 85.0 or above on the rating criteria for this position. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics). You need not respond to the KSA's separately, but your resume should contain sufficient information to demonstrate possession of these competencies.

Administration and Management
Oral Communication
Project Management
Writing
To preview the application questionnaire, click the link below
https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11129362

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

Resume
Resume Requirements:
Resume Writing Tutorial
Resume Writing FAQ
ACCEPTED DOCUMENTS:
Cover Letter
DD-214/ Statement of Service
Disability Letter (Schedule A)
Disability Letter (VA)
License
Other supporting documentation not listed above
PCS Orders
Performance Appraisal
Professional Certification
Resume
Separation Notice (RIF)
SF-15
SF-50/ Notification of Personnel Action
Transcript
*Accepted documents may be required for some applicants depending on which eligibility options you're applying for, see the list below for details for each eligibility. If you need help submitting documentation, please see Applicant Help Site - Documents. If you are still unsure what documents might be required of you, please contact the FDA Applicant Help Desk before the announcement closes. For transcript submission requirements, see the Education section.

Current and Former Federal Employees:

To properly verify eligibility and time-in-grade, you must submit the following:
SF-50 from your most recent Promotion, Within Rate/Grade Increase (WRI/WGI), Appointment, or Separation showing you are/were in the competitive service and the highest grade or promotion potential held. SF-50 submitted cannot be an annual pay adjustment or award.
Your SF-50 must show the following information:
Full position title;
Appointment type;
Pay Plan, Series, Grade & Step;
Tenure code; and
Service Computation Date (SCD).
Learn more on the USAJOBS SF-50 Help Page.

Veterans & Military Spouses:
You must submit a DD-214 form (Certificate of Release or Discharge) that has the dates of service and discharge status.
Active Duty Members: To claim status Under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to hire Heroes Act of 2011, submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
Parents of Deceased or Disabled Veterans: To claim status under Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Widow or Widower: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Spouse of a Living Veteran: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference, and Documentation of Veteran's Inability to Work Because of a Service-Connected Disability. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
See Feds Hire Vets or USAJOBS' Veterans page for more details.

People with Disabilities (Schedule A):
Individuals with intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities, may apply for appointment through the Schedule A hiring authority. Certified verification of a disability from a licensed medical professional; a licensed vocational rehabilitation specialist; or any Federal, state, or District of Columbia agency or U.S. territory that issues or provides disability benefits will be required. Learn more on the USAJOBS Individuals with Disabilities Site.

Displaced employees:
If you are a former Federal employee who was displaced due to a Reduction-in-Force (RIF) or surplused by some other means, please submit a copy of the separation letter or RIF notice from your agency. To be selected under I/CTAP, you must still be found well-qualified for this position. See the How You Will Be Evaluated section for the agency's definition of well-qualified. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
This position is open to Federal employees with career or career-conditional appointments in the competitive service; former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility; displaced Federal employees under CTAP and ICTAP; veterans eligible under provisions of VEOA who are preference eligibles or who have been separated under honorable conditions after 3 years or more of continuous active service; Military Spouses; PHS Commissioned Corps; and individuals with disabilities."	11192	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER (APPLICATIONS SOFTWARE)	US HQDA Field Operating Agencies and Staff Support...	Fort Belvoir, VA	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
About the Position: THIS POSITION IS WITH HQDA, US ARMY LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIVISION LOCATED AT FORT BELVOIR, VIRGINIA
Responsibilities
Serve as a Project Officer in the Information Technology Division (ITD), responsible for managing the coordination and accomplishment of the planning, scope, development, design, construction, and direction of minor/major (IT) projects.
Receive, review, and analyze project/program assignments.
Coordinate with system owners and internal agencies and industry specialists to obtain and exchange information, and develop recommendations for project management decision.
Plans and conducts functional technical activities for projects/programs.
Develop all reports, briefings, and status of assigned projects/programs.
Adapts existing plans and techniques to accomplish complex projects/programs.
Leads and or conducts meetings, briefings, and other tasks.
Advises management on any required policy/procedural changes.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel UP TO 5% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Appointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Qualifications
Who May Apply: Only applicants who meet one of the employment authority categories below are eligible to apply for this job. You will be asked to identify which category or categories you meet, and to provide documents which prove you meet the category or categories you selected. See Proof of Eligibility for an extensive list of document requirements for all employment authorities.

30 Percent or More Disabled Veterans
Current Department of Army Civilian Employees
Current Permanent Department of Defense (DOD) Civilian Employee (non-Army)
Domestic Defense Industrial Base/Major Range and Test Facilities Base Civilian Personnel Workforce
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act
Military Spouses, under Executive Order (E.O.) 13473
Non-Appropriated Fund Instrumentality (NAFI)
Non-Department of Defense (DoD) Transfer
Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Interchange Agreement Eligible
People with Disabilities, Schedule A
Priority Placement Program, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) Eligible
Reinstatement
Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) of 1998

In order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Additional information about transcripts is in this document.

BASIC REQUIREMENT FOR IT PROJECT MANAGER (APPLICATIONS SOFTWARE):
Specialized and Other Experience: I have one year of specialized experience which includes; Plan and execute technical activities for projects and/or programs; develop and/or coordinate with system owners/internal agencies to share information to facilitate effective project management decisions; and effectively manage coordination and completion of IT project from inception to delivery.

This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the next lower grade/level position in the federal service GS-11.

The specialized experience must include, or be supplemented by, information technology related experience (paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training, as appropriate) which demonstrates each of the four competencies, as defined:

(1) Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: leading others by setting the standards for the quality of work, even in the most difficult and/or high pressure circumstances; reviewing and editing work completed by others to ensure that the quality of work meets acceptable work standards.

(2) Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: using expertise and experience to address complex problems, questions, or complaints; anticipating customer needs and modify the team's work activities, processes, and practices to meet these needs; collaborating across team and outside of own team to organize planning sessions that elicit ideas for improving customer service and support.

(3) Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: clearly explaining and defending complex ideas, appropriately adapting to each audience's level of knowledge; actively listening and clarifying points when presenting highly complex and controversial findings; using well-constructed, fact-based arguments to persuade stakeholders/officials to take action on suggestions for improvement.

(4) Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: providing precedent setting solutions to unique problems not previously encountered; helping team make decisions which are complicated by the number and nature of existing policy, guidelines, and organizational goals; identifying the root causes of problems; developing systemic solutions to address them and prevent them from reoccurring.

You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas:

Information Resources Strategy and Planning
Planning and Evaluating
Project Management

Time in Grade Requirement: Applicants who have held a General Schedule (GS) position within the last 52 weeks must have 52 weeks of Federal service at the next lower grade or equivalent (GS-11).
Education
** Some federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required experience in order to qualify. For this job, you must meet the qualification requirement using experience alone-no substitution of education for experience is permitted.
Additional information
Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration.
You will be required to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Direct deposit of pay is required.
Selection is subject to restrictions resulting from Department of Defense referral system for displaced employees.
If you have retired from federal service and you are interested in employment as a reemployed annuitant, see the information in the Reemployed Annuitant information sheet.
This is a Career Program (CP) 34 - Information Technology/Cyber Management position.
You may claim military spouse preference (MSP).
If a MSP applicant is determined best qualified and selected, placement must be at the full performance level for priority consideration.
Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement.
Salary includes applicable locality pay or Local Market Supplement.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Payment of Permanent Change of Station (PCS) costs is NOT authorized, based on a determination that a PCS move is not in the Government interest.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the announcement has closed, a review of your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified, your résumé and supporting documentation will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your level of experience. If, after reviewing your résumé and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying, errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP). If you are a Federal employee in the competitive service and your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority for this position. To receive selection priority, you must: (1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria (2) be rated well-qualified for the position and; (3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. To be considered well-qualified and receive selection priority applicants must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a score of 90 or above. Additional information about the program is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). Please review the following links to see which documents you need to provide to prove your eligibility to apply: Applicant Merit Checklist and Proof of Eligibility.

As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.


1. Your resume:

Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy.
For qualifications determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., HRS per week and month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as incomplete and you may not receive consideration for this position.
For additional information see: What to include in your resume.
2. Other supporting documents:
Cover Letter, optional
Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable
Proof of Eligibility to Apply: Your application must include the documents which prove you are eligible to apply for the vacancy. The Proof of Eligibility document describes authorities commonly used in merit promotion recruitment and what document(s) are required to prove you meet the requirements of the authority. You must meet the requirements of at least one of the authorities listed in the Who May Apply section above to receive further consideration.
Time-in-grade documentation: If you are applying for a higher grade and your SF-50 has an effective date within the past year, it may not clearly demonstrate you meet the one year time-in-grade requirement so you will need to provide an SF-50 which clearly demonstrates you meet the time-in-grade requirements (examples of appropriate SF-50s include Promotions, Within-grade Grade/Range Increases, and SF-50s with an effective date more than one year old).
NOTE: Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove another person's personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
See ""Who May Apply"" in the ""Qualifications"" section for more information on who is eligible to apply for this position."	11192	Washington
Mission Support Specialist (Personnel)	US Customs and Border Protection	Washington, DC 20001 (Chinatown area)	$60,129 - $94,581 a year	"Duties
Summary
As our nation navigates the COVID-19 pandemic, CBP is committed to delivering our mission to safeguard America's borders and enable legitimate trade and travel. Staffing mission critical positions remains a high priority. Be reassured that CBP is still hiring, despite potential hiring process step delays due to restrictions to in-person activities.
Responsibilities
Organizational Location: This position is with the Department of Homeland Security, within U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Border Patrol Headquarters, Office of the Chief, Washington, District of Columbia.

Joining the Customs and Border Protection U.S. Border Patrol will allow you to use your expertise in administration to provide advisory and technical services to management. Apply for this exciting opportunity to strengthen homeland security by planning and carrying out a wide variety of administrative and management program planning activities. This position starts at a salary of $60,129.00 (GS-9, Step 1) to $94,581.00 (GS-11, Step 10) with promotion potential to $113,362 (GS-12 Step 10).

In this Mission Support Specialist (Personnel) position, you will become a key team member of Homeland Security professionals performing significant review and analysis of studies and projects to address substantive technical issues. Typical work assignments include:

Assisting in performing researches, and preparing briefing materials for the Chief and Deputy Chief of U.S. Border Patrol
Analyzing and developing plans to meet established goals and revise methods if necessary
Developing and delivering briefings, project papers, status/staff report and correspondence to managers
Providing direct guidance and tracking of the budget for the Office of the Chief. Books all travel for the Chief, Deputy Chief, as well as other members of the Office of the Chiefs staff and tracks all expenditures associated with the Office of the Chiefs budget
Ensuring conference spending compliance and maintaining records to ensure all conference spending falls within approved limits

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You will be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen to apply for this position
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with Selective Service
Primary U.S. residency for at least three of the last five years (additional details below)
You may be required to pass a background investigation
CBP follows the DHS Drug-Free Workplace Plan for drug testing procedures
As an employee of CBP, you will be joining a workforce that is dedicated to accomplishing our mission while maintaining the trust of our Nation by strictly adhering to all government ethics standards. Your conduct will be subject to the ethics rules applicable to all Executive Branch employees, and to CBP employees specifically, as well as the criminal conflict of interest statutes. Once you enter on duty, these rules include obtaining approval for outside employment or business activity, to ensure such employment or business activity is not prohibited and does not interfere or conflict with performance of your official duties. Please review further details via the following link.

Qualifications
Experience: You qualify for the GS-9 grade level if you possess 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level, performing duties such as:
Assisting senior specialists in developing and updating position descriptions
Applying principles and practices commonly used in the recruitment and placement process
Applying knowledge of laws and policies of employee benefits to provide guidance on options and advantages/disadvantages
Reviewing payroll and other personnel spreadsheets
Filing documents pertinent to employees and identifying and recommending solutions to administrative problems


Experience: You qualify for the GS-11 grade level if you possess 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level, performing duties such as:
Coordinating and monitoring a variety of administrative projects related to human resources and/or related areas (i.e. personnel, payroll, benefits, etc.)
Identifying and recommending solutions to a wide range of problems relevant to human resources management
Analyzing data from a variety of sources to develop trends, patterns, and estimates
Preparing preliminary and finished reports and related documents


Education Substitution:
GS-9: You may substitute a Master's degree or 2 full years of graduate education or a J.D or L.L.B. degree for experience required at the GS-9 grade level. Such education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university and demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position. Check with your school to determine how many credit hours comprise two years of graduate education. If that information is not available, use 36 semester or 54 quarter hours.

GS-11: You may substitute a Ph.D. or an equivalent doctoral degree, or three full years of progressively higher-level graduate education leading to such a degree or an LL.M. for experience at the GS-11 grade level. Such education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university. Check with your school to determine how many credit hours comprise three years of graduate study. If that information is not available, use 54 semester or 81 quarter hours.

Combining Experience and Education: To combine your education and experience, you must convert each to a percentage, and then add the percentages. The combined total of your percentage of education and experience must equal at least 100% in order to qualify. If your education is currently described in quarter hours, convert the quarter hours into semester hours by multiplying the quarter hours by the fraction 2/3. To calculate your percentage of graduate education, divide the number of graduate semester hours by 18. To determine your percentage of qualifying experience, you must divide your total number of months of qualifying experience by the required number of months of experience. Add your percentages of education and experience. The two percentages must total at least 100%.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

You must meet all qualification requirements, including education if applicable to this position, subject to verification at any stage of the application process by 06/21/2021.

In order to be considered for this position, you must complete all required steps in the process. In addition to the application and application questionnaire, this position requires an online assessment. The online assessment measures critical general competencies required to perform the job.

The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.

Background Investigation: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is a federal law enforcement agency that requires all applicants to undergo a thorough background investigation prior to employment in order to promote the agency's core values of vigilance, service to country, and integrity. During the screening and/or background investigation process, you will be asked questions regarding any felony criminal convictions or current felony charges, the use of illegal drugs (e.g., marijuana, cocaine, heroin, LSD, methamphetamines, ecstasy), and the use of non-prescribed controlled substances including any experimentation, possession, sale, receipt, manufacture, cultivation, production, transfer, shipping, trafficking, or distribution of controlled substances. For more information visit this link.

Residency: There is a residency requirement for all applicants not currently employed by CBP. Individuals are required to have physically resided in the United States or its protectorates (as declared under international law) for at least three of the last five years. If you do not meet the residency requirement and you have been physically located in a foreign location for more than two of the last five years, you may request an exception to determine if you are eligible for a residency waiver by meeting one or more of the following conditions:
Working for the U.S. Government as a federal civilian or as a member of the military
A dependent who was authorized to accompany a federal civilian or member of the military who was working for the U.S. government
Participation in a study abroad program sponsored by a U.S. affiliated college or university
Working as a contractor, intern, consultant or volunteer supporting the U.S. government


Probationary Period: All employees new to the federal government must serve a one year probationary period during the first year of his/her initial permanent federal appointment to determine fitness for continued employment. Current and former federal employees may be required to serve or complete a probationary period.
Education
Please see the Qualifications and Required Documents sections for more information if education is applicable to this position.
Additional information
This position is not covered under the bargaining unit.

Reasonable Accommodation Requests: If you believe you have a disability (i.e., physical or mental), covered by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 as amended and Americans with Disabilities Act 1990 as amended, that would interfere with completing the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, you will be granted the opportunity to request a reasonable accommodation in your online application. Requests for Reasonable Accommodations for the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments and appropriate supporting documentation for Reasonable Accommodation must be received prior to starting the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. Decisions on requests for Reasonable Accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis. If you meet the minimum qualifications of the position, after notification of the adjudication of your request, you will receive an email invitation to complete the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. You must complete all assessments within 48 hours of receiving the URL to access the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, if you received the link after the close of the announcement. To determine if you need a Reasonable Accommodation, please review the Procedures for Requesting a Reasonable Accommodation for Online Assessments here.

Positions with known promotion potential do not guarantee promotion, nor is the promise of promotion implied.

DHS uses E-Verify, an internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify including your rights and responsibilities.

Follow U.S. Customs and Border Protection on Twitter @CustomsBorder

The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps/VISTA volunteers, and persons with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links above or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) Eligibles: If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not CTAP/ICTAP eligible. View information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered eligible under CTAP/ICTAP, you must be placed in the Well-Qualified category for this position, as described above. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the Required Documents section of this job announcement.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
We will review your resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the minimum qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, we will use responses you provide on the application questionnaire and the result of the online assessments required for this position to place you in one of three categories based on your experience, education, and training.

The knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to perform this job are:

Knowledge of the concepts, principles, practices, regulations and policies related to human resources, compensation, classification, and general administrative guidelines
Knowledge in the application of methods and techniques to analyze and evaluate the effects of potential changes in plans and procedures
Skills in utilizing standard computer programs (i.e., Microsoft Office Suite) to develop and maintain electronic files, word processing documents to prepare various type of issue/project papers, PowerPoint presentations, and spreadsheets that concisely presents findings/recommendations
Ability to analyze and evaluate information in order to determine accuracy and make recommendations to improve operations
Ability to effectively communicate both orally and in writing with all levels of management and employees, and the ability to display well-balanced, accurate judgement


Competencies:
Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Decision Making
Flexibility
Integrity/Honesty
Interpersonal Skills
Learning
Reading
Reasoning
Self-Management
Stress Tolerance
Teamwork


If you meet the minimum qualifications, you will be placed in one of the following categories:
Highly Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate high proficiency in all of the critical competencies, including all Selective Placement Factors (SPF), and appropriate Quality Ranking Factors (QRF) as determined by the job analysis.
Well-Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrates acceptable proficiency in all of the critical competencies, including all SPF's and appropriate QRFs as determined by the job analysis.
Qualified: Applicants possessing experience that meets the minimum qualifications of the position and demonstrate basic proficiency in most of the critical competencies, including all SPFs and appropriate QRFs as determined by the job analysis.


Veterans: Qualified veterans who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10% are listed in the best-qualified category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-09 grade level, or higher. This position is not considered scientific/professional. Other 10 point preference eligibles and veterans with 5 point preference who meet the eligibility and qualification requirements are placed above non-preference eligibles within the category in which they qualify. View information on veterans' preference.


If you are highly qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview. Preview the job questionnaire https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11139875

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
Your resume: A resume describing your job-related qualifications is required and will be used for the purpose of reviewing your qualifications and determining what training, if any, would be required when placed. A resume in English is required. It must contain your full legal name, address, phone number, complete work history including a detailed description of your duties, the dates you performed those duties (MM/DD/YY), your hours worked per week, job title, as well as series, grade, and salary (if applicable). For additional required items, see the link.
Your responses to the job questionnaire: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11139875
Your responses to the USA Hire Competency Based Assessment
Are you qualifying based on education? Submit a copy of your college transcript (unofficial is acceptable at this time; however, official copies will be required prior to entrance on duty) or a list of coursework with hours completed provided from the institution. Education must be from an institution accredited by an agency recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Education obtained from a foreign university or college is not creditable unless it has been evaluated by an organization that specializes in interpretation of education credentials. For a listing of accrediting agencies see www.naces.org
Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP)? You must submit a separation notice; your most recent SF-50 (noting your current position, grade level and duty location); a copy of your most recent performance rating of record; an agency certification that you cannot be placed after injury compensation has been terminated; an OPM notification that your disability annuity has been terminated; or a Military Department of National Guard Bureau notification that you are retired under 5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456.
Are you a veteran? To apply veterans' preference you must submit proof of eligibility as appropriate for your preference type:
Five Point Preference: DD 214 listing the character of service and either qualifying medal(s) or service period
Ten Point Preference: DD 214 showing character of service and supporting documentation as listed on the Standard Form 15 (application for 10 Point Veterans' Preference). Submitting an SF-15 with your application is encouraged. Veterans with a service-connected disability must also submit a VA Disability Award letter dated 1991 or later, OR supporting documentation as listed in the SF-15
If you are currently serving on active duty, you must submit a written statement from the armed forces certifying your dates of service, rank, expected character of service, and anticipated date of separation. If you apply with a written statement at this stage, your preference will be verified by a DD 214 upon separation from the military.
For more information about veterans' preference visit this link.
Are you a current or former federal employee? If yes, it is recommended that you submit a copy of your SF-50(s) (Notification of Personnel Action) to support your experience. Examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, within-grade increases and accessions.
Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent political appointment:
Position title
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee)
Agency
Beginning and ending dates of appointment
If you are requesting a reasonable accommodation to the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, submit documentation to support your request, including the Reasonable Accommodation Request Form found here.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S."	11192	Washington
Program Support Assistant	Government of the District of Columbia	Washington, DC 20002 (Truxton Circle area)	$50,207 - $64,607 a year	"Job Synopsis
The incumbent works under the general supervision of a department supervisor, who establishes general policy, priorities, and deadlines. The incumbent works independently and serves as liaison between the supervisor and departmental employees.
This job announcement may be used to fill future vacancies throughout the DC Government, Department of Human Services (DHS). The purpose of the Program Support Assistant is to provide program support assistant duties as well as providing a variety of administrative and clerical functions that are auxiliary to the supervisor’s responsibilities in the management of the complete program(s). The starting salary for this position is negotiable up to $51,807, depending on qualifications and availability of funds.
About DHS
It is the mission of DHS to empower every District resident to reach their full potential by providing meaningful connections to work opportunities, economic assistance and supportive services. Our approach to preventing homelessness and supporting individuals and/or families experiencing homelessness is focused both on systems-level reforms and on the quality of the programs and supports within that system. These efforts include creating economic opportunity, making our neighborhoods safer, and providing more effective and efficient government services.
Duties and Responsibilities
The Program Support Assistant will be responsible for receiving telephone calls and visitors to the office. The incumbent will need to be able to ascertain the nature of the call or business of visitors and determine appropriate action. Responds to a variety of inquiries not requiring technical knowledge and refer other inquiries to appropriate office staff or other organization as required. The incumbent will personally handle many requests from management and other staff for information and resolves or assists in resolving a variety of conflicts that may arise. The incumbent in this position will be responsible for receiving and screening calls, incoming correspondence, and determines appropriate action; performs administrative program and technical work to support the assigned program and its operations. Applies a broad and extensive clerical and technical administrative procedures, methods, and techniques to support managers, supervisors, and higher-graded specialists.
The incumbent in this position will need to be able to prepare, receive, review, and verify office documents. Additionally, will need to maintain office records, locates and compiles data/information from files for the development of reports, keep a project calendar, and informs staff of deadlines, other important dates, and similar administrative support work; composes general correspondence pertaining to administrative matters (e.g. letters, memoranda, reports, etc.), and provides guidance and recommendations relative to procedural and policy requirements, and other necessary matters to fulfill any regulatory reporting requirements for the assigned program.
Qualifications and Education
Applicants must have at least one (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level. Specialized experience is experience which is directly related to the line of work of the position and has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position.
Licenses and Certifications
None
Working Conditions and Environment
The work is performed in an office setting.
Other Significant Facts
Collective Bargaining Unit: This position is in a collective bargaining unit represented by AFSCME 2401.
Tour of Duty: Monday – Friday; 8:30am – 5:00pm
Promotional Potential: None
Pay Plan, Series and Grade: CS-303-08
Position Designation: This position has been designated as Security Sensitive therefore the incumbent of this position will be subject to enhanced suitability screening pursuant to Chapter 4 of DC Personnel Regulations, Suitability and as such, incumbents of this position shall be subject to criminal background checks, background investigations, and mandatory drug and alcohol testing, as applicable.
Emergency Designation: This position has been designated as Emergency. Employees occupying positions designated as Emergency are required to:
Provide advice, recommendations, and/or specific functional support necessary for the continuity of operations during a declared emergency.
Remain at their duty station, or alternate work location (approved by their supervisor), if activated, when a situation or condition occurs and results in early dismissal for nonessential/non-emergency employees.
Report to their duty station, when activated, on time and as scheduled when a situation or condition occurs during non-work hours, and results in the late arrival or closing of District government offices for non-essential/non-emergency employees.
Telework during a declared emergency, instead of remaining or reporting to his or her duty station, if directed by the agency head (or designee), supervisor or manager.
EEO Statement: The District of Columbia Government is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, matriculation, physical handicap, or political affiliation."	11192	Washington
Manager, Corporate Strategy	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12393

Organization: IFC

Sector: Other

Grade: GH

Term Duration: 3 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 7/2/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC

Description

IFC—a sister organization of the World Bank and member of the World Bank Group—is the largest global development institution focused on the private sector in emerging markets. We work with more than 2,000 businesses worldwide, using our capital, expertise, and influence to create markets and opportunities in the toughest areas of the world. In fiscal year 2018, we delivered more than $23 billion in long-term financing for developing countries, leveraging the power of the private sector to end extreme poverty and boost shared prosperity. For more information, visit www.ifc.org.

IFC’s Department of Blended Finance and Corporate Strategy reports to the VP of Economics and Private Sector Development. The department is formed of two units: (1) Blended Finance, which supports the deployment of concessional funds in support of IFC investment projects and (2) Corporate Strategy, which provides expert support to Senior Management and Operations on the formulation and execution of corporate strategy. This includes developing IFC’s strategic business outlook (SBO), partnering on WBG corporate strategy, providing relevant analytics and perspectives to IFC Senior Management, and advising and working with departments on the development of their own strategies; and managing IFC’s institutional relationship with the WBG Internal Evaluation Group (IEG). Within this context, the Corporate Strategy unit interfaces with the IFC Board, management across the WBG, and with stakeholders and partners across IFC. It also manages the IFC Investment Client survey, facilitates all IFC Sector Deep Dives and manages IFC’s institutional relationship with IEG.

The Department is seeking to recruit a Manager for the Corporate Strategy Unit , to be based in Washington, DC. S/he will lead a team of about 15 people with various degrees of seniority and will report to the Director. S/he will be part of the Department Leadership Team and will lead all activities within the scope of the Corporate Strategy Unit, and any additional initiative of relevance for the Department.
Duties and Accountabilities
Manage a team of around 15 operations analysts, officers and specialists; recruit, lead, and develop staffProvide analytical frameworks, research, and insights, both to support strategic decisions by IFC’s Management Team and to identify opportunities for further IFC strategic engagement and innovationCorporate Strategy Process: Lead the development, dissemination and monitoring of IFC’s strategy documents and products, including the Strategy & Business Outlook, the Forward Look, and other WBG strategy documentsWBG “W” Process: Manage the development and content for IFC’s participation in the World Bank Group “W” process, including interactions across the WBG; oversee the development of briefing materials for IFC’s Management Team, presentations, analyses and talking points for W sessionsBoard Reporting: Oversee timely, accurate, high quality delivery of specific Corporate reportsLead effort to design / strengthen current internal processes and governance for IFC Corporate Board reportingSector and Country Strategies: Oversee the IFC Sector Deep Dives and efforts to ensure consistency across Country Strategies, and follow-up on implementationLead progress on development of a regular (annual) forum for IFC country and sector management to (i) re-validate cross matrix/cross WBG agreement on strategic and creating markets priorities; (ii) review alignment of priorities with fund raising and resource allocation decisionsWork closely with colleagues across IFC, including corporate support functions, such as the department of Budget and Business Administration, as appropriateContribute to and take collective responsibility for the department’s overall performance and results, and represent the department as needed
Selection Criteria
Master's degree in Business, Finance, Economics, International Relations, or related discipline, plus 15 years of relevant experience, or PhD plus 12 years of relevant experienceRelevant professional experience with the private sector in emerging markets, including experience in either corporate strategy, management consulting, banking and/or the practical application of economic disciplineExcellent understanding of World Bank Group and IFC strategy and processes, and in-depth understanding of IFC operationsStrong analytical, conceptual and strategy formulation capabilities; demonstrated ability to combine the big picture with attention to detailProven record of team management: ability to effectively lead and manage teams, openness to feedback, ability to facilitate new ideas and to guide staff in finding solutions to problemsDemonstrated abilities to manage complex programs with a strategic vision and strong operational focus, and build consensus to move projects from concept to implementationOutstanding interpersonal, diplomatic and partnership skills and proven ability to work in a collaborative environment with team members and across organizational boundariesStrong, persuasive, and clear communicator, with excellent writing and verbal communication skillsGood understanding of IFC policies, processes and proceduresHighest standards of ethical integrity, transparency and fairnessRecognized as a team player, with the ability to integrate, manage and resolve conflict, working in a complex matrix and gaining influence without using authority

World Bank Group managerial competencies:
Courage of your convictions: demonstrates confidence in convictions and the integrity to express to peers and superiors even if it is easier or more comfortable to refrain from speaking up. Have the confidence, balanced with humility and judgment, to operate with the intent of doing what is right for the WBG and its clients.Leading the team for impact: Focus on the WBG purpose and mission in order to provide on-going clarity and vision to one’s teams. Align capabilities and resources around the WBG mission. Create an energizing and empowering work environment where people are engaged and have the resources necessary to do their jobs, while holding team members accountable for results and improvement.Influencing across boundaries: Persuade, convince and create buy-in for ideas and initiatives to advance one’s own goals and strategies, consistent with the WBG mission and vision.Fostering openness to new ideas: Create an open and innovative climate. Be transparent, open to divergent views and encourage these attributes in others. Promote broad thinking and frank discussion, welcome others’ input into the decision-making process, and build on others’ ideas.Building talent for the future: Build people’s capabilities for the future by supporting and leveraging the diversity of staff in terms of their race, gender, nationality, culture, educational and professional backgrounds. Create growth opportunities for others, encourage them to stretch beyond their current experience or comfort zone. Provide ongoing feedback and development, including long term career development and mentoring, as well as hold the team members accountable for developing others.
Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager	Potawatomi Training, LLC	Washington, DC	None	"IT Project Manager (Healthcare Emphasis)

Location: Washington, DC / Rockville, MD area

Employment Status: Full Time Regular

FLSA Classification: Exempt
Certification Requirement: ***PMP certification is required***

Position Summary:
Potawatomi Training, LLC is seeking a qualified candidate with five (5) or more years of experience as an IT Project Manager with an emphasis in Healthcare in the Washington, DC / Rockville, MD area.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

Travel as needed to various locations throughout the country, to conduct liaison with Management, Federal agencies, and employees towards various projects.
Assist with recruiting, hiring, supervising, appraising, and counseling assigned personnel.
Coordinate multiple projects and reconciling the interdependence among them.
Provide strategic guidance to the team.
Facilitate communication among cross functional teams.
Initiate, plan, execute, monitor, control, and close projects.
ensure that milestones are met.
Manage budget as assigned.
Provides regular, frequent reports to the program manager on the status of each assigned project, to include an assessment of performance, identification of strengths or weaknesses, and potential problem areas.
In coordination with project managers, recommends, coordinates, and monitors individual support of projects in other program areas, conducting periodic counseling and annual performance reviews.

Project Manager Level 1

Coordinates, directs, and supervises all technical work executed.
Supervision of the day-to-day work-related activities of assigned project personnel to include making individual task assignments.
Experience in the following:
Assist in the Development of Staffing Plans, Status Reports
Assist in the Development and execution of Project Management Plans, to include Schedules, Milestones, and Budget Plans,
Policy and Process Analyses covering, but not limited to existing system compliance with regulations, legal agreements with fiscal intermediaries, and impacts to tribal funding agreements.
Gap analyses as needed to evaluate and recommend solutions related to the work.
Performance metrics related to COVID-19 data.
Familiar with Earned Value Management (EVM) support
Familiar with COVID-19 Health Information Technology data management and initiatives.
Knowledge of HIPAA and its policies.

Common Task Requirements:

Operates office equipment such as fax machines, copiers, phone systems and use computers for spreadsheets, word processing, database management, electronic mail and other applications.
Prepares and reviews reports, memos, letters, forms, briefings, emails, and other documents using Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint software.
Provides customer service as needed and responds to information requests.
Performs in-processing and out-processing functions of employees.
Completes applicable reports on various programs as assigned, identify deficiencies, create, and administer Corrective Action Plans using fact-finding and problem analysis, and track to resolution.
Ensures a professional work environment, free from all forms of unlawful discrimination or harassment

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree within the information technology field; preferably data management
Five (5) or more years of experience as an IT Project Manager
Five (5) or more years of experience as a Program Manager
Five (5) years of experience working with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Healthcare experience preferred
PMP certification required

Other Requirements:

Must be physically able to perform all the technical duties.
Ability to travel as needed, to support meetings, conferences, and training requirements.
Must be able to adapt under a highly stressful multi-task environment for extended periods of time/up to eight (8) hours.
Team player within organization and interactive with other support agencies
If prior service, must have received an honorable discharge.
Applicant will be subject to Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Position upon award of contract

Potawatomi Training, LLC is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class."	11192	Washington
Human Resources Specialist	Government of the District of Columbia	Washington, DC	$76,126 - $97,375 a year	"The mission of the Department of Youth and Rehabilitation Services (DYRS) is to improve public safety and give court-involved youth the opportunity to become more productive citizens by building on the strengths of youth and their families in the least restrictive, most homelike environment consistent with public safety. DYRS administers detention, commitment and aftercare services for youth held under its care in its facilities or residing in the DC community.
The Human Resources (HR) Specialist (Recruitment) is located within the Department of Youth Rehabilitation’s (DYRS) Office of Human Resources (OHR). The purpose of the OHR is to provide personnel and management advisory services regarding DYRS' human capital resources in support of programmatic operations to achieve operational goals and objectives. The incumbent of this position will serve as a subject matter expert in the areas of Recruitment & Staffing as it relates to the District of Columbia 's Personnel System and related federal and local government regulations, policies and procedures.
Duties and Responsibilities
The Human Resources Specialist will provide full life-cycle recruitment to ensure that optimum staffing levels are achieved. Responsibilities include drafting job announcements, developing screening questions, post vacancies through District of Columbia’s applicant tracking system (PeopleSoft) according to the position collective bargaining agreement. The incumbent will create interview panels and establishing consistent guidelines for panel members ensuring a fair and equitable process for the candidate and vacancy. The HR Specialist is also tasked with interpreting personnel rules, policies and procedures that affect DYRS' operations and providing advice and counseling to management staff regarding recruitment and staffing issues.
Additionally, the incumbent is responsible for the following duties including, but not limited to: assessing, developing and implementing recruitment strategies that target and ensure placement of the most skilled and competent talent. The incumbent will collaborate with hiring managers to drive staffing plans, establish and maintain relationships with hiring managers, advise managers on current hiring needs and on agency hiring goals, act as in-house recruitment expert to establish successful staffing strategies. Provide full lifecycle recruiting services. Establish recruiting project timelines and ensure that each recruitment is completed within designated timelines. Update and train managers on appropriate use of selection tools, including online applicant tracking. Discuss the candidate's experience with manager and candidate to understand the relevancy to the job applied in order to provide candidate with a salary that aligns with District of Columbia’s salary schedule.
Qualifications and Education
Individual must possess at least one-year (1) of specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least the next lower grade level in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization. Specialized Experience is experience that equips the applicant with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. Specialized experience can include sourcing and recruiting candidates by using databases, social media, etc., screen candidates resumes and job applications, conducting interviews using various reliable recruiting and selection tools/methods to filter candidates within schedule, assess applicants’ relevant knowledge, skills, soft skills, experience and aptitudes and onboard new employees in order to become fully integrated.
Comprehensive knowledge of human resources management principles; experience in unionized environment; experience serving as the initial point of contact for recruitment matters; experience with human resources information systems (HRIS); ability to effectively communicate both orally and in writing; extensive recruitment and staffing experience is preferred
Licenses and Certifications
None
Work Conditions and Environment
The work is performed in an office setting.
Other Significant Facts
Tour of Duty: M-F during normal work hours between 7:00am-6:00pm *Times are flexible pending department needs and supervisory approval*
Pay Plan, Series and Grade: CS-0201-12
Salary Range: $76,126.00 - $97,375.00; based on available funding
Type of Appointment: Career Services-Regular Appointment
Promotion Potential: No known promotion potential
Collective Bargaining Unit (Non-Union): This position is not a part of a Collective Bargaining Unit.
Area of Consideration: Open to the public
Position Designation: This position as been designated as security-sensitive under the guideline of the DC Personnel Manual. Incumbents of this position are subject to enhanced suitability screening pursuant to Chapter 4 of DC personnel regulations. Accordingly, incumbents must successfully pass a criminal background and consumer credit check as a condition of employment and will be subject to periodic criminal background checks for the duration of their tenure.
Residency Requirement: If the position you are applying for is in the Career, Management Supervisory, or Educational Service at an annual salary of one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) or more, you must establish residency in the District of Columbia within one hundred eighty (180) days of the effective date of the appointment and continue to maintain residency within the District of Columbia throughout the duration of the appointment.
EEO Statement: The District of Columbia Government is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, matriculation, physical handicap, or political affiliation."	11192	Washington
Project Schedule 1	M.C. Dean, Inc.	Washington, DC 20018 (Langdon area)	None	"M.C. Dean is Building Intelligence™. We design, build, operate, and maintain cyber-physical solutions for the nation’s most recognizable mission-critical facilities, secure environments, complex infrastructure, and global enterprises.
Our success relies on great people delivering innovative projects and solutions for Fortune 100 companies and the most recognized agencies in government, defense, and security.
Join our more than 4,500 employees worldwide who engineer and deploy automated, secure, and resilient power and technology systems; and deliver the management platforms essential for long-term system sustainability. Together we are creating the integrated systems and technologies that shape the built and cyber-physical world.
We offer an excellent benefits package including:
A competitive salary
Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance
Paid-time off
Tuition reimbursement
401k Retirement Plan
Military Reserve pay offset
Paid maternity leave

PURPOSE: The Project Scheduler designates work to be done and specifies deadlines for completing tasks and deliverables. Full use and application of standard theories, concepts and techniques in a specialized field. Responsible for aiding, tracking, monitoring status, controlling and performing issue resolution throughout the projects life cycle. Provides solutions to a variety of problems. What to do is defined but how to do it is left up to the individual.

Responsible for:
Providing project planning and scheduling documentation to support project and customer requirements.
Providing planning and scheduling support for in-house or on-site work as required.
Assisting Team Leads, Superintendents and the Project and Program Managers in tracking the projects against baseline schedules and budgets.
Preparing periodic management and/or customer reports and presentations as required.
Assisting on project proposal teams.
Prior to project start, creating and revising preliminary master schedules, detailing the sequence of all work to be performed.
Assisting Project Manager in maintaining Master schedule for each project, identifying and recording the impact of work performed and not performed as scheduled.
Evaluating actual progress and providing regular schedule updates.
Interfacing with Operations to discuss impact of work and resolution of problems.
Contributing to the development of working schedules for Estimating, prior to proposal date, which sufficiently illustrate the sequence of work activities and contract time.
Assist in preparing and issuing proposal and preliminary schedule.
Incorporating Resource and/or Cost Loading data into schedules as required.
Consulting appropriate project team members and estimating procedures as a means of ensuring that proper planning is completed prior to the commencement of work.
Assisting Project Managers in creating short-term schedules, monitoring such schedules to determine impact on master schedule, and helping in formulating actions to correct scheduling problems.
Providing information as needed on the content, modification, or presentation of project schedule.
Remaining current on the advancements in scheduling software.
Continuously expanding and updating professional knowledge and honing training skills in order to enhance individual and team innovation and productivity.
Aiding Project Managers and others as required with incorporation of fragments in Project Schedule.
Schedules and tracks equipment maintenance using CMMS software

Education Requirements
6-8 years of experience with a High School Diploma or
4-6 years of experience with an Associate degree or
0-2 years of experience with a Bachelor's degree
Preferred but not required:
Project Management Software (PM Online) – In-house Software.
AS400 (internal)
CMMS software
Abilities
Exposure to computer screens for an extended period of time.
Sitting for extended periods of time.
Reach by extending hands or arms in any direction.
Have finger dexterity in order to manipulate objects with fingers rather than whole hands or arms, for example, using a keyboard.
Listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.
Communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.
Read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.
Apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
Identify and understand the speech of another person.

EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
VEVRAA Contractor"	11192	Washington
BCS Project Manager	DLH Corp	Falls Church, VA 22041	$140,000 a year	IBA is currently recruiting for a BCS Project Manager to perform project management activities, to plan, monitor, and control the design, development, testing, and implementation of a Defense Health Agency (DHA) product. The BCS Project Manager is responsible for advising the Deputy Program Manager and Project Officer on day-to-day activities as well as key decision points.Essential Duties and Responsibilities: · Perform project management activities to plan, monitor, and control the design, development, testing, and implementation of a Business Objects XI Common Services (BCS) project. Accountable for the overall success of the project as measured by meeting scope, schedule, and budget objectives.· Manage and provide direction to design, development, and deployment contractors to ensure all functional and technical requirements are met.· Facilitate resolution of issues that are pertinent to the success of the project, ensuring that corrective actions are in place to prevent or address project non-conformance.· Conduct project planning, develop project documentation, define and manage project resources, and provide project support to the designated government lead. Assist other Project Controllers who are using the BCS environment in creating high-level project schedules and ensuring that the Product Development Team project plans meet Product Management timelines and milestones.· Conduct risk assessments of project schedules. Monitor and evaluate contract deliverables for operational effectiveness, functionality, cost, efficiency, benefits, and contract compliance.· Contribute technical input to RFP creation, proposal reviews, independent Government cost estimates, statements of work, and policy matters.· Other duties as assigned.​Minimum Requirements: · Knowledge/experience working with business intelligence software, including SAP Business Objects.· Ability to critically evaluate data, identify and define problems, identify probable causes, and recommend solutions.· Strong project management, analytical, abstraction, and problem-solving skills.· Knowledge of the PMBOK® process inputs, tools and techniques, outputs.· Knowledge of the System Development Life Cycle phases, processes, and application. Ability to write and present effective project materials, presentations, status-reporting, etc.​Preferred Requirements: PMP Certification.Education, Certifications and Work Experience Requirements: Minimum of three years of experience in the last five years working on DoD Electronics Health Record systems or similar Electronic Healthcare Systems in the Veterans Administration or a commercial system.Minimum of eight years of progressively responsible experience. Experience shall demonstrate the ability to perform functional requirements.Security Clearance: Existing IT/ADP II Public Trust clearance level and above or ability to obtain an IT/ADP II Public Trust.*Pursuant to a government contract this position requires U.S. citizenship status.EOE/M/F/Disability/VeteranJob Type: Full-timePay: $140,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee discountFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11192	Washington
Jr. Project Manager	Qlarion Inc.	Reston, VA 20191 (Hattontown area)	$93,000 - $103,000 a year	Qlarion seeks Technical Data Consultants who can and have worked directly with clients to understand their business and translate that understanding into valuable analytical assets that improve operations and make an impact in the community. Through their work experience, our consultants demonstrate a passion for data and desire for continuous education and growth. We seek dynamic, well-rounded technologists that possess a solid business acumen plus great functional skills and a desire to communicate their ideas and work directly with clients.What differentiates a Qlarion technologist is that our staff knows how to work with data and analytics by understanding and refining it through adept perception of their client’s business. Translating that understanding into valuable data and analytical assets that improve a client’s ability to meet their mission and better serve the public.We are seeking a JR Project Manager for our Richmond, VA area office who meets the Requirements below.MUST HAVE REQUIREMENTS:U.S. Citizenship or Green Card Holder.A clear concise Resume NOT more than 5 pages longA BS Computer Science or BS Engineering or a BS Degree in a related fieldBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related fieldDeep experience leading technical teams across multiple delivery streams and owning client relations.Strong functional project experience including Public sector analytics project planning and management throughout the development life cycle , driving solutioning sessions, leading discovery workshops, development of documentation, workflow and processes definition, and extensive client-facing communicationsAnalytical mindset to include the ability to decompose complex problems or needs into consumable components and apply solid business logic to develop relevant strategic guidance, practical planning, and clear communications.Extensive Project Management/Lead experience to include defining and staying within the scope of the project, developing project schedules, monitoring overall progress and use of resourcesMust demonstrate strong analytical and problem-solving skillsStrong oral and written communication skills, with the ability to communicate to various levels of management.Ability to adapt to changing business processes, technologies, and environments.Job Type: Full-timePay: $93,000.00 - $103,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Our U.S. Govt. clients contractually require us to hire ONLY U.S. Citizens or Green Card Holder for their projects. Are you a United States citizen or Green card holder?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Project management: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:qlarion.comBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processVirtual meetings	11192	Washington
IT Manager	Amazon Data Services, Inc.	Herndon, VA	None	"
7+ years experience managing technical teams
Bachelor degree from an accredited university or equivalent work experience
7+ years experience in IT Infrastructure Operations, IT Service Management or IT Business Operations

Amazon Web Services is looking for IT Manager to help drive the execution and improvement of key service delivery processes throughout the organization and ensure that the correct metrics and KPIs are in place. This organization of IT professionals installs and maintains the technical infrastructure used by Data Center Operations Staff
This team is experiencing rapid growth as we expand our global Data Center portfolio. In this role you will provide coaching, mentoring and guidance for a diverse team of admins, engineers, analysts and PMs. Some travel to meet members of the geographically diverse team, learn about the business first hand and develop relationships with peer Managers and Operations leaders. You will regularly manage large, cross-functional projects and interact with software developers, executives, vendors and other support teams.

Responsibilities:
Operational Excellence - As a manager you will be expected to drive operational excellence in everything we do. This includes creating processes, procedures, and automation to improve efficiency in our day-to-day tasks and projects. You will work closely on supporting our internal customers and ensuring that their needs and issues are being addressed.
Performance Management/Team Health - You will own all facets of performance and career management of assigned staff. Regular one-on-one meetings with all team members are required. You will be expected to provide both technical and ‘soft skill’ mentoring in order to maintain a well-rounded, world-class organization. This includes project management, quality audits, and coordination of training sessions with senior-level engineers as well as day-to-day oversight of the team including scheduling when needed.


Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to travel internationally.
Knows personal strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and limits
Availability to handle changing priorities, deal with ambiguity and use good judgment in stressful situations.
Must have demonstrable Bias for Action, Ownership and ability to dive into the deepest details.
MBA or Master’s Degree in a technical discipline

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity
employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender
identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected
status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please
visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	11192	Washington
Federal Project Manager II	Cerner Corporation	Arlington, VA	None	"As a Federal Project Manager II, you will, plan and direct the work of the project team and cross-functional support teams for one or more projects. You will be accountable for the development and maintenance of detailed project plans, schedules and estimates, providing analytical and operational guidance to the project team, and ensuring client satisfaction for assigned projects. You will review and approve project team work to ensure adherence to scope, quality and productivity expectations and implement additional processes or reviews as needed to address systemic or recurring issues. You will assess and report on identified and anticipated project risks and lead risk avoidance or mitigation strategies to minimize project impact, escalating to the task order owner as appropriate. You will lead internal and external project meetings, providing updates on progress against critical paths and milestones, key operational and financial measures, and risk assessments. You will engage and manage third party resources as needed to support project objectives.
Back to Description
Cerner Jobs and Careers
Additional Information
Virtual Eligible Job YES

Relocation Assistance Available for this Job: No

Qualifications
Basic Qualifications
At least 6 years total combined higher education and related work experience including:
At least 1 year project/program management work experience
At least 5 years higher education and/or additional work experience directly related to the duties of the job
Receipt of the appropriate government security clearance card applicable for your position
Due to the client contract, you will be assigned, this position requires you to be a U.S. citizen

Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree
Federal Project Management experience
Healthcare Project Management experience

Expectations
Willing to work additional or irregular hours as needed and allowed by local regulations
Travel up to 25%
Work in accordance with corporate and organizational security policies and procedures, understand personal role in safeguarding corporate and client assets, and take appropriate action to prevent and report any compromises of security within scope of position
Perform other responsibilities as assigned
Applicants for U.S.-based positions with Cerner must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.

Due to specific client contract requirements, this position requires that the successful candidate be a U.S. citizen. The client contract also requires receipt of the appropriate government security clearance card applicable for the position.

Some Cerner positions may be obligated to comply with client-facing requirements and occupational health requests, including but not limited to, an immunization set, an annual flu shot, an annual TB screen, an updated background check, and/or an updated drug screen.

Cerner is a place where people are encouraged to innovate with confidence and focus on what is important – people’s health and the care they receive. We are transforming health care by developing tools and technologies that make it more efficient for care providers and patients to navigate the complexity of our health. From single offices to entire countries, Cerner solutions are licensed at more than 25,000 facilities in over 35 countries.

Cerner’s policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Cerner is proud to be a drug-free workplace."	11192	Washington
Interdisciplinary Project Manager	US National Park Service	Arlington, VA	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
The incumbent serves as a Project Manager, providing professional engineering/architectural advice and guidance on the planning, designing, constructing, expansion, rehabilitation and/or re-purposing of existing and/or new structures and facilities. Projects-support the implementation of NPS asset and management plans with the. goal of improving visitor experience and protecting and restoring natural resources.

Responsibilities
Provide professional expertise in the interpretation of plans and drawings, project specifications, contract requirements and performance standards.
Determine project scope (goals, objectives, deliverables, reporting requirements, and work options/alternatives), schedules (timetables, milestones), budget (planning/ design/construction cost estimates, financing procedures), Architect/Engineer selection, and appropriate level of quality.
Serve as Contracting Officer's Representative (COR).
Oversee project contract closure; close out, post occupancy, warranty review, as-builts etc.
Work with organization and agency administrative staff to process financial payments, agreements, etc.
Track and manage project budgets.
Coordinate internally between multiple divisions and regional office, and externally between the organization and multiple partners.
Resolve technical and scheduling problems.
Ensure that project closeout requirements (such as operation and maintenance manuals, as-built, completion reports, and performance evaluations) are completed and processed in a timely manner.
Perform duties independently and with minimal supervision.
Evaluate projects against time-phased schedules and budget requirements, identifying problems and coordinating solutions.
Provide technical assistance in writing specific construction requirements.
Prepare or obtain Class A cost estimates for construction projects.

Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0801 General Engineering
0807 Landscape Architecture
0808 Architecture
0810 Civil Engineering
0850 Electrical Engineering
Similar jobs
Architects, Landscape
Architectural Engineers
Construction Engineers
Electrical And Electronics Engineers
Electrical Engineers
Engineers, All Other
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship required.
Appointment subject to background investigation and favorable adjudication.
Meet Selective Service Registration Act requirement for males.
Selectee will be required to participate in the Direct Deposit Electronics Funds Transfer Program.
You may be required to operate a government (or private) motor vehicle as part of your official duties. Prior to your first official motor vehicle operation, and again every year thereafter (or more frequently if management determines such need exists), you will be required to sign an affidavit certifying to your possession of a valid State issued driver's license that is current and has not been revoked, suspended, canceled, or otherwise disqualified in any way to prohibit your operation of a motor vehicle. You will also submit a photocopy of your valid State issued driver's license prior to your first official motor vehicle operation, and again every year, or more frequently if management determines such need exists. Lastly, you may be required to submit (within a State sealed envelope or submitted directly by the State authorities), and at your own expense, all certified driving records from all States that discloses all valid driver's licenses, whether current or past, possessed by you. Please indicate in your application whether you possess a valid State driver's license.
You will be required to wear a uniform and comply with the National Park Service uniform standards. A uniform allowance will be provided.
You may be required to work on-call, evenings, weekends, holidays, overtime and shift work.
If you are a new employee in the Federal government, you will be required to complete a one-year probationary period.
Applicants must be at least (1)18 years old or (2) at least 16 years old and: (a) Have graduated from high school or been awarded a certificate equivalent to graduating from high school; or (b) Have completed a formal vocational training program; or (c) Have received a statement from school authorities agreeing with their preference for employment rather than continuing their education; or (d) Be currently enrolled in a secondary school and either work only during school vacation periods or work part-time during the school year under a formal student employment program.

Qualifications
All qualifications must be met by the closing date of this announcement-06/23/2021-unless otherwise stated in this vacancy announcement.

Credit will be given for all appropriate qualifying experience. To receive credit for experience, your resume MUST clearly indicate the nature of the duties and responsibilities for each position, starting and ending dates of employment (month/year), and the resume must reflect full and/or part-time or total number of hours worked (i.e., work 40+ hours a week, rather than indicating full-time). If part-time, the hours must be annotated to be able to pro-rate the amount of qualified specialized experience.

To qualify for this position you must meet the following Basic Requirements:


Engineer/Civil Engineer/Electrical Engineer GS 0801/0810/0850:


A. Degree: engineering. To be acceptable the program must 1. Lead to a bachelor's degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) OR; 2. Include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. OR

B. Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following: 1. Professional registration or licensure - Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT) , or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. 2. Written Test - Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE)examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico. 3. Specified academic courses - Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A. The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A. 4. Related curriculum - Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, maybe accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance

Architect GS 0808:

A. Degree: architecture; or related field that included 60 semester hours of course work in architecture or related disciplines of which at least (1) 30 semester hours were in architectural design, and (2) 6 semester hours were in each of the following: structural technology, properties of materials and methods of construction, and environmental control systems. OR

B. Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the arts and sciences underlying professional architecture, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the architectural principles, methods, and techniques and their applications to the design and construction or improvement of buildings. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by at least one of the following: 1. Related curriculum: Degree in architectural engineering may be accepted as satisfying in full the basic requirements, provided the completed course work in architectural engineering provided knowledge, skills, and abilities substantially equivalent to those provided in the courses specified in paragraph A. 2. Experience: an applicant lacking a degree in architecture must have had 1 year of experience in an architect's office or in architectural work for each year short of graduation from a program of study in architecture. In the absence of college course, 5 years of such experience is required.

Landscape Architect GS 0807:


A. Possess a degree in landscape architecture or landscape design. OR

B. Possess a combination of education and experience. (For each year short of graduation, you must have had 1 year of experience under professional leadership and guidance of such character and diversity as to be a satisfactory substitute for the required education. This experience must have included original landscape design).

To qualify for this position at the GS-12 grade level, you must possess the following minimum qualifications by close of the announcement:


EXPERIENCE: At least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level in the Federal service. Specialized experience includes: Examples of specialized experience include the following: Professional experience working with reference standards, policies, principles, and regulations; serving as an expert engineer in the design construction and renovation of projects; evaluating and analyzing data, development concepts, recommending solutions to problems related to highly visible and design issues; planning and monitoring projects to ensure compliance with practices, standards, and specifications; identifying project requirements (for example, scope, time, cost and quality); serving as architectural project coordination for planning, design, and construction projects; performing architectural work involving the development or design of conceptual park site plans of a diverse, multi-functional, high profile, and possibly controversial nature (such as rehabilitation of a multi-facility development, visitor centers, wastewater treatment plants, national monuments, seawalls, historical structures, cultural landscapes, etc.); establishing historic architectural project requirements and priorities and developing strategies to achieve short or long-term goals; developing scope of work and monitoring architectural project activities and outcomes as Contracting Officer's Representative; communicating technical information orally and in writing.

Volunteer Experience: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
To qualify based on education, you must submit a legible copy of transcripts from an accredited institution with your name, school name, credit hours, course level, major(s), and grade-point average or class ranking. Transcripts do not need to be official, but if you are selected for this position and you used your education to qualify, you must provide official transcripts before you begin work.

If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet qualification requirements, you must show that your education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university.

Additional information
A selectee receiving a first appointment to the Federal Government (Civil Service) is entitled only to the lowest step of the grade for which selected The display of a salary range on this vacancy shall not be construed as granting an entitlement to a higher rate of pay.

This announcement may be used to fill additional positions if identical vacancies occur within 90 days of the issue date of the referral certificate.
Physical Demands: The work requires some physical exertion, such as long periods of standing, or recurring and considerable walking, stooping, bending, crouching, and climbing such as in performing regular and periodic construction activities, field inspections, or to observe and study work operations in an industrial, storage, or comparable work area. Incumbent may carry light items such as books, instruments, and other similar materials.


Depending on project assignments, the work may require periodic to frequent travel of up to five continuous working days, and driving a motor vehicle long distances to reach remote parks.


Working Conditions: The work is usually performed in an office setting. The work area involves everyday risks or discomforts requiring safety precautions typical of offices or meeting and training rooms. The incumbent maybe required to travel to work sites which can involve occasional exposure to conditions in production facilities, laboratories, .or construction sites requiring normal safety precautions.


The incumbent may be required to participate in safety training such as fall protection, respiratory mask fit testing, or confined space entry training; as required by individual projects, to allow safe and thorough assessment of existing facilities and/or new construction.



The National Park Service has determined that the duties of this position are suitable for telework and the selectee may be allowed to telework with supervisor approval.

Travel, transportation, and relocation expenses will be paid if the selectee lives outside of the local commuting area and is otherwise eligible for reimbursement of relocation expenses in accordance with the Federal Travel Regulation.

If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document that you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application. Click the following link for more information, https://help.usastaffing.gov/Apply/index.php?title=Alternate_Application_Information.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated based on how well you meet the qualifications listed in this vacancy announcement. Your qualifications will be evaluated based on your application materials (e.g., resume, supporting documents), the responses you provide on the application questionnaire, and the result of the additional assessments required for this position. A review of your resume and supporting documentation will be made and compared against your responses to the Assessment Questionnaire to determine if you are qualified for this job. If your resume is incomplete or does not support the responses provided in the Assessment Questionnaire, or if you fail to submit all required documentation, you will be rated 'ineligible', 'not qualified', or your score will be adjusted accordingly. If a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications or experience, you can lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully; errors or omissions can affect your rating.

Candidates will be rated and ranked using Category Rating procedures. These procedures place candidates with veteran's preference above non-preference eligible within each category. Veterans with a service connected disability of at least 10 percent are listed in the highest quality category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-09 grade level or higher. Under Category Rating, candidates will be rated and ranked into one of three categories:

Best Qualified - applicants possessing experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors and are highly proficient in all requirements of the job and can perform effectively in the position
Well Qualified - applicants possessing experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors and are proficient in most of the requirements of the job
Qualified - applicants possessing experience that meets the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors and are proficient in some, but not all of the requirements of the job.
You will be evaluated on the following competencies:
Contracting/Procurement
Design
Engineering and Technology
Knowledge Management
Project Management
Technical Competence

In order to be considered for this position, you must complete all required steps in the process. In addition to the application and application questionnaire, this position requires successful completion of additional assessments, including a panel resume review and/or a structured interview. These assessments measure the critical competencies listed above that are required to successfully perform the job.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents are required and must be submitted by 11:59 PM (EST) on 06/23/2021:

Resume which includes a list of all significant jobs held and duties performed, dates specified in month and year format, and the resume must reflect full and/or part-time or total number of hours worked (i.e., work 40+ hours a week, rather than indicating full-time). If part-time, the hours must be annotated to be able to pro-rate the amount of qualified specialized experience. If military or civilian, please include your rank and/or grade.
Complete All Required Assessments.
Other Supporting Documents, if applicable, such as:
Veterans Preference Documentation:
If you are a Discharged, Non-Disabled Veteran, you must submit a copy of your DD-214 showing character of discharge (Member 4 copy), or other Documentation of Service and Separation under Honorable Conditions, as listed on the SF15. If you don't have your DD-214, you may request it after discharge from the National Archives.
If you are a veteran within 120 days of discharge, you must submit signed documentation from the Armed Forces certifying: 1) your expected release/retirement from active duty, 2) under honorable conditions, 3) your pay grade/rank/rate at time of discharge, 4) dates of active duty service, 5) any campaign or expeditionary medals received, & 6) dated within 120 days of your separation.
If you are a Disabled Veteran, Purple Heart Recipient, or Mother or Spouse of a Disabled or Deceased Veteran, you must submit all additional proof required by the SF15, and if applicable, a completed SF15. You may request a copy of your Department of Veterans Affairs letter from www.ebenefits.va.gov or call 1-800-827-1000 to establish proof of disability.
College transcripts, if qualifying based on education.
Documentation for Interagency/Career Transition Assistance Plan consideration if you are a displaced Federal employee within the local commuting area. You must include: 1) Proof you are a displaced Federal employee, e.g., RIF Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, etc; 2) SF-50s (Notifications of Personnel Action) showing career/conditional tenure competitive status, promotion potential and duty location; and 3) your most recent performance appraisal. To exercise selection priority, displaced or surplus Federal employees must be rated well-qualified or above 85 on the rating criteria for this position.
Do not submit photographs with your application package. Documents with photographs may not be seen by hiring officials - you must remove your image from any badges, licenses, etc.

Do not upload Adobe portfolio documents. Adobe portfolio documents are not viewable by our agency's staffing offices.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
Open to U.S Citizens, those eligible to apply for career transition."	11192	Washington
Data Center Technician	Amazon Data Services, Inc.	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	"Excellent written and verbal communication skills

An advanced understanding of Computer Hardware, including troubleshooting and repair skills.

Working understanding of Linux Operating Systems.

Working understanding of Computer Networking.

Working understanding of Storage Devices.

Proven experience in problem solving and addressing customer service related issues by working with the customer and other internal teams

This position has a physical component. Candidates should be able to lift up to 50lbs and may need to work in cramped spaces or elevated locations.

Ability to work in an environment that operates 24/7 with an ability to participate in on-call rotation and provide afterhours support as needed

Some travel may be required

We are looking for Data Center Technicians to join our rapidly expanding team. This position involves in-depth hardware and network diagnostics followed by physical repair as well as participating in an on-call rotation.

All candidates should be willing to work both independently and with a team. Work prioritization, organizational skills, effective communication, and the ability to react quickly are critical to being successful. In addition to hardware and network repair candidates will install equipment, create documentation, innovate solutions, participate in site-level project work, and fix complex problems within the Data Center Space.

Hands-on experience with one or more of the following hardware platforms (e.g. Dell, HP) is a plus.
HP, Dell, ZT, Foxconn, Super Micro, SGI, etc referred candidates would have:

Previous Data Center or IT experience

Knowledge of Perl, Python, Bash, or other scripting languages.

An Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree, or equivalent experience in an IT related field.

Proven experience managing work and priorities through a ticketing system and coordination with manager

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	11192	Washington
Configuration Manager	COX IT Global	Washington, DC	$80,000 - $83,000 a year	Job Title: Configuration ManagerLocation: Washington DC (Remote)Duration: Full TimeA Configuration manager must have experience in management configuration programs to ensure that all proposed and actual changes to program technology and documentation are properly staffed, approved, and tracked. Must facilitate the change Notification process used for updating product. Must ensure notification of performing organizations or project teams of change activity.Job Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $83,000.00 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Remotely:Yes	11192	Washington
Program Specialist	US Farm Production and Conservation (FPAC) Busines...	Washington, DC	$103,690 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Farm Production and Conservation (FPAC) Business Center (FBC), Appeals and Litigation Division.

This position is responsible for all matters and policies pertaining to the Agency administrative appeals process, administrative sanctions, subpoenas and witness requests, FOIA and Privacy Act appeals, review of National Appeals Division (NAD) determinations and preparation of Agency requests for review of NAD decisions.
Responsibilities
Analyze and evaluate the substantive, mission-oriented appeals and litigation and sanctions programs and equitable relief programs in terms of program effectiveness and efficiency to improve operations.
Serve as Agency representative to the Office of General Counsel (OGC) on appellant challenges for final administrative determination in an appropriate court of competent jurisdiction for agency program matters.
Ensure that legal problems are analyzed appropriately, that analyses furnish sound bases for decisions by the Administrators or Chief.
Assist FSA Administrator and NRCS Chief, through the Director, Appeals and Litigation Staff, in developing principles for resolution of problem accounts and program matters
Plan and conduct projects and studies and recommend ways to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of program operations
Apply general working knowledge of agriculture commodities gained either through working on a farm, ranch, or similar operation or through working on USDA programs
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a US Citizen or US National.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be Selective Service registered or exempt.
Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check.
Successful completion of one year probationary period, unless previously served.
Direct Deposit: Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution.
Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit https://www.e-verify.gov/.
Must possess and maintain a valid state motor vehicle operator's license for the type of vehicle(s) operated to perform the duties of this position.
Qualifications
Specialized Experience - GS-13: To qualify for the GS-13 level, you must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 level or higher in Federal service, or comparable experience not gained through Federal service. This experience must include experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. For this position, specialized experience is defined as: -
Under close supervision, Applying program administration principles, concepts, laws, and systems to interpret and apply new laws and to resolve broad policy issues;
Formulating and analyzing options for agency decision memoranda and new guidelines resulting from legislation, major decision by courts, changes in other related programs, or management decisions, AND;
Developing rulings involving broad program areas.


Specialized Experience - GS-14: To qualify for the GS-14 level, you must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 level or higher in Federal service, or comparable experience not gained through Federal service. This experience must include experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. For this position, specialized experience is defined as:
Independently applying program administration principles, concepts, laws, and systems to interpret and apply new laws and to resolve broad policy issues;
Formulating and analyzing options for agency decision memoranda and new guidelines resulting from legislation, major decision by courts, changes in other related programs, or management decisions, AND;
Developing rulings involving broad program areas.


Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the 06/28/2021 of the announcement including time-in-grade restrictions, specialized experience and/or education, as defined above.

Time in grade: Current federal employees applying for a promotion opportunity must meet time-in-grade (TIG) requirement of 52 weeks of service at the next lower grade level in the normal line of progression for the position being filled. (e.g. one year at the GS-12 grade level for consideration for the GS-13 grade level).

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
Recruitment and/or relocation incentives may be authorized.
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), Reemployment Priority List (RPL), or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): Visit the OPM website for information on how to apply as a CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP eligible. To exercise selection priority for this vacancy, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP candidates must meet the basic eligibility requirements and all selective factors. CTAP/ICTAP candidates must be rated and determined to be well qualified (or above) based on an evaluation of the competencies listed in the How You Will Be Evaluated section. When assessed through a score-based category rating method, CTAP/ICTAP applicants must receive a rating of at least 85 out of a possible 100.
Veterans who are preference eligible or who have been separated from the armed forces under honorable conditions after three years or more of continuous active service are eligible for consideration under the Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA).
Farm Service Agency (FSA) County Employees: Permanent County employees without prior Federal tenure who are selected for a Civil Service position under Public Law 105-277 will be given a career-conditional appointment and must serve a 1-year probationary period.
For more information on applying under special hiring authorities such as the Veteran's Recruitment Act (VRA), 30 percent disabled veterans, certain military spouses, Schedule A Disabled, etc., explore the different Hiring Paths on the USAJOBS website.
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act (LMWFA) provides current or former temporary or term employees of federal land management agencies opportunity to compete for permanent competitive service positions. Individuals must have more than 24 months of service without a break between appointments of two or more years. Service must be in the competitive service and have been at a successful level of performance or better. Refer to PUBLIC LAW 114-47-AUG. 7, 2015 for more information.
PROMOTION POTENTIAL: If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management. However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
This position is eligible for telework within the local commuting area of the position and other flexible work arrangements. Current USDA policy includes telework for an 8 hour work day, 4 days per week; other flexibilities are possible dependent upon availability and/or the position and its associated duties. Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
Physical Demands: The work is primarily sedentary. The incumbent will be subjected to a demanding work
schedule that will occasionally require long and varied work hours and a potentially significant
amount of travel.
Work Environment: The work is performed in a typical office setting.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as evidenced by the experience, education, and training you described in your application package, as well as the responses to the Assessment Questionnaire to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities and competencies listed below:
Appeals Procedures
Employee Development
Oral Communications
Written Communication
Your application, including the online Assessment Questionnaire, will be reviewed to determine if you meet (a) minimum qualification requirements and (b) the resume supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your resume must clearly support your responses to all the questions addressing experience and education relevant to this position. Applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements and are determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring manager for consideration. Noncompetitive candidates and applicants under some special hiring authorities need only meet minimum qualifications to be referred.

Note: If after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities, or you may be found ineligible. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service.

Clicking the link below will present a preview of the application form; i.e. the online questionnaire. The application form link below will only provide a preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online application process, click the ""Apply"" button to the right.

To view the application form, visit: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11135368

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes: 1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the major duties including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) other qualifications.
If education is required or being used to qualify, you must submit a copy of your college transcripts. An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application if it includes your name and the necessary course information; however, if you are selected, official transcripts will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been successfully obtained from an accredited school, college or university. If any education was completed at a foreign institute, you must submit with your application evidence that the institute was appropriately accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as equivalent to U.S. education standards. There are private organizations that specialize in this evaluation and a fee is normally associated with this service. For a list of private organizations that evaluate education, visit the NACES website. All transcripts must be in English or include an English translation.
Current Federal employees:
Most recent non-award Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) showing you are/were in the competitive service, highest grade held (or promotion potential) on a permanent basis, position title, series and grade AND
Most recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable. A performance plan is not an acceptable substitute.
Current permanent FSA County employees must submit your most recent non-award Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) showing your highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent basis, position title, series and grade AND most recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) per above.
Veteran Hiring Authorities: VEOA, VRA and 30% Disabled Veterans: DD214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, that shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions. If currently on active duty you must submit a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty service under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted. Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment.
If claiming 10-point veteran's preference you must provide the DD214 or certification requirements (see above bullet), plus the proof of entitlement of this preference as listed on the SF-15 Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. The SF-15 should be included but is not required. Failure to submit these documents could result in the determination that there is insufficient documentation to support your claim for 10-point preference.
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act: Copies of Notification of Personnel Action(s) (SF-50) showing the employee served in eligible appointment(s) for a period(s) of more than 24 mos w/o a break between appointments of two+ years. Include initial hire actions, extensions, conversions and separation SF-50s for each period. Submit performance rating(s) showing acceptable performance for each period counted towards eligibility signed by supervisor(s). If documentation does not exist for one or more periods, submit a statement from supervisor(s) indicating acceptable performance. Applicants who do not have performance documentation for any period shall provide a reason why the documentation is not available and statement that performance for all periods was at an acceptable level.
Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5 CFR 330.
If claiming eligibility under a special hiring authority or an interchange agreement with another merit system not listed above, see the requirements for that authority and submit the required supporting documentation. Go to: USAJOBS Hiring Path for Special Authorities or Special Hiring Authority for more information.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Clarification from the agency
Applications will be accepted only from current permanent USDA employees with competitive status; and CTAP/RPL eligible candidates and permanent Farm Service County Office employees."	11192	Washington
Agile IT Project Manager	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:

Guidehouse is responsible for providing agile project management support for the development and maintenance of a global information system for our client at the Department of State. As part of a Project Management Office (PMO), the IT Project Manager is responsible to coordinate with multiple stakeholders (business owners, development team members, etc.); define requirements; identify process improvements; manage scope, schedule, and risk; conduct testing; and report project status to stakeholders. As part of an agile team, the IT Project Manager will maintain the product backlog, refine user stories with business owners and developers, establish and maintain the release plan, and demonstrate completed functionality to stakeholders.
Qualifications:

Required:
Bachelors Degree
US Citizenship and the ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance
4+ years of relevant experience (IT Project Management)
Project management knowledge and experience on IT-related projects with priority given to the use of an Agile methodology
Experience using Agile Scrum and/or kanban methodology to plan and manage work against iterations and releases
Experience monitoring project progress and implementing effective corrective actions if actual progress falls behind plan
Experience meeting with clients of varying levels to gather, document, prioritize, and analyze system specifications and user requirements, working closely with developers and testers in a fast paced environment
Preferred:
An active Secret Clearance
Demonstrated ability to use effective facilitation skills and techniques to elicit requirements from a diverse range of stakeholders
Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills
Demonstrated ability to offer solutions and articulate the business impact to clients in a clear and concise manner
Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with others in a team environment
Self-starter; demonstrated ability to also work independently
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Experience with work item/issue tracking systems [GitHub, Jira, or Azure DevOps/TFS]
PMP and/or Agile certifications including Certified Scrum Master and/or Certified Product Owner

Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive bonus
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program"	11192	Washington
Liquor Store Manager; Grade 21	Montgomery County Government	Rockville, MD	$54,947 - $90,848 a year	"This position is open only to:
(1) Current Montgomery County Government employees;
(2) Montgomery County employees who were affected by reduction-in-force and currently have RIF priority rights;
(3) Active Montgomery County local fire and rescue department volunteers with at least 50 points under the length of service award program; or

(4) Current Project SEARCH Interns or former Montgomery County Customized Employment Public Interns or Project SEARCH Interns within 24 months of completion of internship.
This recruitment will establish an eligible list to fill current and future vacancies.
The Department of Alcohol Beverage Services(ABS) is recruiting for Liquor Store Manager positions to manage the Montgomery County Falls Grove Liquor Dispensary. ABS is seeking highly qualified individuals with retail store operations experience that are customer service focused and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment.
Duties include:
Responsibility for management of all aspects of operations within the four walls of assigned store, including but not limited to: profitability, merchandising, and customer service
Providing personnel evaluation recommendations and employee performance management and discipline
Scheduling work assignments
Providing general supervision of employees
Training new personnel and instructing employees regarding ABS' policies and procedures
Ensuring prompt and courteous service to customers and good relations with the general public
Overseeing the ordering, receipt, and storage of merchandise
Maintaining control and sales records, including daily sales summaries, and inventories
Maintaining the store in a clean and orderly condition
Supervising enforcement of all measures designed to ensure security of the store
Selected candidates may be assigned to any store within the County system and must be available to work all shifts based on the anticipated scheduling needs of the department.
Selected candidates are required to successfully complete a pre-employment physical exam, drug and alcohol screening, and criminal background check. Upon appointment, employees must successfully complete and pass the Alcohol Intervention Training course required by the State of Maryland within three (3) months of employment.
For additional information regarding the ABS, its mission and additional opportunities please visit https://www.montgomerycountymd.gov/dlc/
Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to OHR@montgomerycountymd.gov . Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience: Three (3) years of experience in liquor store retail operations, including one (1) year of experience as a Liquor Store Assistant Manager.

Education: Completion of high school or High School Certificate of completion recognized in the State of Maryland.

Equivalency: An equivalent combination of education and experience maybe substituted.
Age: Must be at least 21 years of age.
Physical Ability: Ability to independently move by lifting and/or pushing single and case items weighing up to 100 pounds.
Preferred Criteria

The applications of those individuals meeting the minimum qualifications will be reviewed to determine the extent, relevancy of training, and experience in the following areas.

Preparation of Daily Deposits and Summaries
Decision Making and Problem Solving
Change Management
Supervision of Staff
Ordering Inventory
Employee Scheduling
Employee Training
Store Merchandising
Team Building
Performance Management


Minimum Salary 54947 Maximum Salary 90848 Currency USD"	11192	Washington
Front Desk Agent	Hilton Garden Inn Washington DC/U.S. Capitol	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Fantastic opportunity to be part of a Hilton Garden Inn TEAM!
Summary
The Guest Service Agent is responsible for driving a positive guest service and TEAM culture through Front Desk operations. The hotel is located in the heart of DC/NOMA with clientele that includes families, students, business travelers and sports groups. It's an amazing time to be part of this TEAM.
What you will be doing
Welcome guest upon arrival and check-in according to established standards and procedures.
Handle all keys, mail, telephone, messages, and other items for guests as requested.
Provide information and to assist all guests
Provide courteous and efficient service and if possible to comply with each and every guest request.
Take reservations at the counter when the reservation department is closed.
Assign room and prepare keys for all arriving guests and groups.
Maintain excellent guest relations with in house guests at all times.
Post all charges without delay and update the folios.
Balance credit cards, charges, and cash.
Project a courteous and hospitable attitude at all times.
Be familiar with all room types, and rates in the hotel and upsell.
Handle guest complaints promptly.
Know guest room security, emergency, and fire procedures.
Be familiar with hotel facilities as well as major city attractions and provide guests with information when requested.
Keep Personal Grooming at the highest standard.
Follow Hilton hotel's cleanliness and sanitation practices and requirements.
Where this job could take you
Hilton Garden Inn is part of the Hilton Worldwide family of brands, one of the largest hotel companies in the world.
High opportunity for advancement through the company's Management Development Program - an extensive course that focuses on associate career growth.
Benefits
Hilton Worldwide Team Member Travel - A leading friends & family travel program is available
Benefits include Vacation, Medical, Dental, 401k Options
Competitive advancement opportunities
TEAM Values
The hotel values a LOU attitude, where an employee is encouraged to Lead, take Ownership, and deal with situations of all kinds with a sense of urgency. While this document describes the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job, we encourage and expect our team to go above and beyond the minimum standards at all times to show concern and care for the guest, co-workers and managers. The hotel believes in a culture where team members help each other, and work together in an environment where the most important task is providing exceptional service to guests, at all times."	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager	Pernix Consulting	Rosslyn, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"IT Project Manager

20-1082

Job Location: US-VA-Rosslyn

Category: Information Technology

Clearance Level: Secret / Interim Secret required to start

FTE with benefits

Overview:

Pernix Consulting, LLC is seeking a Project Manager to support our Federal government client. This is a unique and challenging opportunity in the Office of the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) in Diplomatic Security, US Department of State. CTO is the primary IT group within the Bureau of Diplomatic Security, providing many web applications and other services used by Federal and local law enforcement officers worldwide.

The Project Manager will lead a matrix of teams consisting of developers, analysts, and engineers, be responsible for the performance of work specified by the contracts, and act for Pernix on all matters relating to daily operations.

Responsibilities:
Perform overall task management including planning, scheduling, staffing, work allocation, monitoring, and reporting
Work directly with customer to understand their priorities, define goals and strategies for improvement, and resolve issues
Lead and participate in system analysis and verification efforts covering requirements, design, code, integration, and documentation
Analyze requirements, evaluate alternative solutions, assess development artifacts, and verify/test implementations
Analyze project processes, issues, risks, and business performance metrics
Manage tasks within a team
Investigate complex technical issues related to specific client concerns
Act as Agency liaison for the company
Participate in Business Development efforts to grow existing programs and find new opportunities
Perform HR related functions including tracking and approving time sheets, PTO, travel, required training, and maintain staffing
Responsible for formulating and enforcing work standards, assigning schedules, reviewing work discrepancies and communicating policies, purposes and goals of the organization to subordinates
Will perform most work independently in a mid-level, managerial role, exercising much latitude to carry out tasking, prioritize workload and make recommendations on overall strategies
Responsible for internal and external communications with all program and project stakeholders.
Successfully meet reporting requirements with reports that are professionally written and structured in a manner that clearly communicates accomplishments and demonstrates value added
Meets with stakeholders within DoS and the project team to ensure effective lines of communication are maintained and information or resource requirements are received in a timely manner to facilitate suitable progress
Ensures requirements are developed and published correctly
Generate and update all required documentation and templates utilized
Conduct training and educational briefings to ensure all personnel are knowledgeable of and understand DoS procedures and policy
Execute presentations with various department personnel
Qualifications:
Project Management Certificate (desired, not required)
Secret Security Clearance
At least 3 years specialized experience in IT to include system security, application development and system design, development and implementation
Knowledge of all phases of IT systems structure and support
Recent operational and managerial IT experience, and a range of subject matter expertise in one or more IT relevant areas
In-depth understanding of state-of-the-art techniques and best practices in one or more IT fields
Knowledge of the methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems
Outstanding communication skills
Desired Education
BS in Computer Science or related field

Pernix Consulting, LLC is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."	11192	Washington
EPA IT Project Manager/Document Reviewer	SBG Technology Solutions	Washington, DC	None	"SBG Technology Solutions, Inc. (SBG) is growing and would like you to come and join our team!

SBG, a service-disabled veteran owned small business specializing in engineering, information technology, cyber-security, and training, is looking for a results-oriented IT Project Manager/Document Reviewer to work at the Environmental Protection Agency. The ideal candidate for the position would be an experienced individual who is hard-working, has the ability to excel in a fast-paced government contractor environment, and is someone who has a positive energetic attitude. This position is located in the Washington, D.C. area with some possibility for remote/telework and is contingent upon contract award in 2021.

OVERVIEW:
The Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) mission is to protect human health and the environment. Since 1970, EPA has worked for a cleaner, healthier environment for the American people. EPA employs over 15,000 people across the country, including offices in Washington, D.C.; 10 regional offices; and more than a dozen laboratories and other locations.

The Office of Mission Support (OMS) is the central IT organization within EPA. OMS, under the supervision of the CIO, is responsible for advancing the creation, management and use of information technology and data as a strategic resource to enhance public health and environmental protection and promote informed decision-making and improve the public's access to information about environmental conditions. Additionally, OMS is responsible for providing the ability to access, use and communicate environmental program and administrative information.

The purpose of this position is to provide Project Management over the Office of Mission Support (OMS) IT System Security Staff (ITSSS) for Information Security Support (ISS).

Key Responsibilities:

Ability to monitor and assess the quality, accuracy, and timeliness requirements for the compliance of Office of Mission Support/Information Security Support Staff services and systems requirements.
Ability to monitor, assess, and report to Office of Mission Support/Information Security Support Staff on project performance.
Monitor project planning, budgeting, staffing, resource acquisition/allocation, expenditures, invoicing, security processes, reporting, and other relevant processes and activities.
Examine project timelines, proposed budgets, expenditures, staffing, product quality, product delivery, and other project-related activities of the contractor for compliance with contractual requirements.
Support planning activities: assist in defining goals and providing guidance for building operational plans, work with Government to develop and recommend tactics for execution of strategic direction for the EPA OMS.
Interact with executive leadership to obtain vision and objectives and develop Continuous Improvement plan that tie to the EPA strategic plan and is in alignment with all OMS strategic initiatives
Support development of executive briefs and executive summaries to include but not limited to research of supporting data, and development of briefing/summary materials
Ability to multi-task, work independently and prioritize workload based on direction from government CORs
Proven Customer Service skills including the ability to focus on building customer relationships and responding to customer needs
Strong Coaching and feedback skills
Ability to install sense of urgency and be able to motivate the same sense of urgency in those under his/her leadership

Position Requirements:

B.S. in Information Technology or closely related field.
Certified Associate in Project Management or a Certified Project Management Professional

Preferred Skills and Experience:

Experience as Program Manager, Project Manager, and/or Product Manager with the EPA or other Federal Agency. Minimum 5+ years' experience working in support of project management services with specific focus on supporting government contracts.

We offer a very competitive benefits package, in a family-friendly environment.

SBG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V"	11192	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria, VA	Alexandria, VA 22304 (Seminary Hill area)	$101,757 - $184,411 a year	"Purchasing Agent

The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead.

An Overview
Alexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists.

The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division.

What You Should Bring
The ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City.

The Opportunity – Examples of Work
Directs work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;
Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;
Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;
Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;
Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;
Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;
Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;
Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;
Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;
Performs other duties, as assigned.

About The Department
The City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows:
The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;
The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;
The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;
The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;
The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;
The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; and
The Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis.

Minimum and Additional Requirements
At least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities.

Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment.

To Apply
For consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials.

Notes
This position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	11192	Washington
Project Manager	National Older Worker Career Center	Washington, DC	$83,200 a year	"Project Manager

ID: B2110086DC-001 Location: Washington Program: BLM


Wage/Hr: $40.00 Hours/Week: 20/week Minimum Age: 55
Qualifications:
Minimum of 5 year(s) of experience in Policy (State/Center/HQ) OR BA/BS Degree in General, Natural Resources, Communications, Business, or related.
Experience required with Windows, MS Word, MS Excel
Teams, Outlook, Sharepoint, OneDrive
Duties:
In 2020 the decision was made to merge the Directorate of Human Capital (HQ700) and the Directorate of Business and Fiscal Resources Management (HQ800) into one Directorate, now the Directorate of Business Management and Administration (HQ700). This enrollee would be responsible for: 1. Evaluating all the BLM Policy Manuals and Handbooks within the new HQ700 that need to be updated to reflect the new organizational structure. 2. Coordinate with HQ700 staff and other Directorates (e.g. Communications HQ600) to make the changes for each manual and handbook). 3. Develop briefing papers, talking points and other materials to finalize the updated Manuals and Handbooks 4. Coordinate and communicate the process internally and externally. 5. Support HQ700 in writer/editor duties for IB/IMs as assigned.
Evaluate the number of BLM Policy Manuals and Handbooks within the new HQ700 that need to be updated to reflect the new organizational structure. 20%
Complete the changes for each manual and handbook in coordination with HQ700 staff and other Directorates (e.g. Communications HQ600). 50%
Develop briefing papers, talking points and other materials to finalize the updated Manuals and Handbooks. 20%
Coordinate and communicate the process internally and externally. 5%
Prepare and/or edit HQ Policy memos (eg. IB/IMs) as assigned for entry into the DTS system. 5%

Other:

Physical requirements: This is primarily a sedentary position.

NOWCC is committed to promoting equal opportunity and to an environment free from discrimination and harassment in any form administering Experienced Worker Programs under cooperative agreements with federal agencies. It is NOWCC?s policy to comply with all applicable laws that provide equal opportunity and to prohibit unlawful discrimination in enrolling participants in the federal programs."	11192	Washington
Program Officer	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12158

Organization: World Bank

Sector: General Services

Grade: GF

Term Duration: 2 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 6/25/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. Visit www.worldbank.org.
Global Corporate Solutions
Reporting to the Managing Director and World Bank Group Chief Administrative Officer, Global Corporate Solutions (GCS) brings together the functions of Corporate Services, Corporate Real Estate, and Corporate Security.
The Corporate Services unit (GCSCS) within GCS provides services to the World Bank Group in the areas of Art Program, Conference Services, Creative and Multi-media Services, including Graphic Design, Editorial Production & Publications, Printing Services, and Virtual Reality; Food Services; Mail & Shipping Services; Staff Services, including Child Care, Commuter Services, and Fitness Center; Translation and Interpretation Services; and Travel and Visa services. The unit also provides administrative support/oversight to the World Bank Group Family Network and the 1818 Society, and is responsible for setting the policy framework and service standards, and for delivering services through a combination of staff and vendors at HQ and in Country Offices. GCSCS has over 100 staff and about 1,000 contractors.
Duties and Accountabilities:
The Corporate Services Program Officer will support the Corporate Services Senior Manager and Management Team, will work across GCSCS to ensure that knowledge is flowing between all units, and will serve as a key liaison between Corporate Services and the GCS Director’s front office.
Duties and accountabilities include:
Provide strategy, policy, and analytical support to GCSCS work programs and initiatives.
Work with the Senior Program Managers across GCSCS to prepare reports, briefs and presentations for delivery to multiple audiences, including senior management.
Manage communication flow, briefing notes, and other documentation; ensure proper and timely follow-up on action items; and liaise closely with GCS Director’s Front Office.
Collect information from across GCSCS units to feed into various reports and monitoring systems.
Develop client engagement plans and recommend new ways of engaging.
Identify marketing best practices to internal clients leveraging the intranet and internal social collaboration space
Help identify and build long-term relationships with target audiences.
Support GCSCS outreach and communications activities, including creating promotional materials, coordinating communication activities across GCSCS teams, and developing and implementing communications/change management campaigns in partnership with GCS Director’s Front Office.
Participate in working groups, on behalf of GCSCS management, and follow up with business units as required.
Other tasks as assigned by the GCSCS Senior Manager / management team.

Selection Criteria

This role requires you to be able to demonstrate success in supporting and encouraging a positive culture of delivery and innovation. Specific requirements include:
Master’s degree with 5 years of relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Team player with strong interpersonal skills, and commitment to work in a team-oriented, multi-cultural environment, with minimal supervision.
Experience in developing holistic strategies for multidisciplinary teams.
Experience working cross-functionally in a global organization.
Exceptional writing and verbal communication skills.
Strong PowerPoint skills. Ability to edit and prepare content on the web would be preferable.
Ability to edit output of other team members and finalize products for publication and to clearly articulate messages to a variety of audiences.
Proven capacity to multi-task, deliver results, and respond quickly and effectively to requests.
Capacity to gather, analyze and coordinate data and to present it to management, staff, and others effectively.
Ability to support facilitation, implementation, and monitoring of standardized processes, practices, policies, procedures.
Certification and/or relevant experience in change management considered an asset.
Required Competencies:
Deliver Results for Clients: Adds value by constantly looking for a better way to get more impactful results; sets challenging stretch goals for oneself. Immerses oneself in client experiences and perspective by asking probing questions to understand unmet needs. Demonstrates accountability for achieving results that have an impact. Identifies and proposes solutions to mitigate and manage risks.
Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries: Ability to build effective working relationships with colleagues in multidisciplinary teams, brings differing ideas into the forefront, and initiates collaboration across boundaries.
Lead and Innovate: Contributes to new insights to understand situations and develops solutions to resolve complex problems. Adapts as circumstances require and manages impact on own behaviors on others in context of WBG’s values and missions. Identifies and pursues innovative approaches to resolve issues.
Create, Apply and Share Knowledge: Leverage departments and WBG body of knowledge by applying lessons learned and expertise. Actively invests in knowledge and seeks feedback. Builds personal and professional networks within and beyond the work group.
Make Smart Decisions: Seeks diversity of information and inputs, researches possible solutions, and generates recommended options. Identifies and understands risks and proposes recommendations. Based on risk analysis, makes decisions in a timely manner within own area of responsibility, considering the interests and concerns of stakeholders.
Client Orientation: Takes personal responsibility and accountability for timely response to client queries, requests or needs, working to remove obstacles that may impede execution or overall success.
Flexibility: Able to adapt strategy, and objectives; making corresponding structural or organizational changes as needed, to move the work forward and meet the needs of the situation.
Business Judgment and Analytical Decision Making: Analyzes facts and data to support sound, logical decisions regarding own and others' work.
Sensitivity: Ability to work effectively and sensitively in a multi-cultural and multi-ethnic workplace.
Pressure: Ability to handle demands related to the delivery of multiple tasks within demanding and occasionally conflicting time constraints.
Professional Maturity: Understands others and the reasons for their behavior. Takes the time to clarify others' points of view so that progress can be made, particularly in situations of stress or conflict. Is never condescending or arrogant.

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11192	Washington
Administrative Project Manager - FAA	DIGITALiBiz, Inc	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Federal Center area)	None	"Company OverviewDIGITALiBiz, Inc. (iBiz) is an information technology (IT) and business consulting small business providing next-generation solutions to federal government customers. Our mission is to maximize the use of IT systems, business process engineering, research, analysis, and customer-focused best practices to implement vision and innovation that works. Our experience developing effective, scalable, and usable IT and program management solutions helps solve our customers real-world business problems. Founded in 2002, iBiz is headquartered in Rockville, MD and has been recognized as a Washington Post 2015 and 2016 Top Workplace and 2018 and 2019 Best Places to Work awardee by the Washington Business Journal. If you enjoy the challenge of a fast-paced environment with friendly people who are truly driven to achieve superior results, iBiz is for you!ResponsibilitiesThis position provides non-technical oversight of multiple professional services projects, initially eFAST NextGen Portfolio Management and Business and Financial Management Support, providing various project management functions. The role comprises contract management and oversight in accordance with the Project Management Plan, Statement of Work (SOW) and iBiz Quality Management System (QMS) requirements. The APM interfaces government COR(s) and iBiz Corporate Operations, supervises iBiz contract personnel, and conducts site visits, customer meetings, and team meetings. Finally, the person fulfilling this role will also support current and future business development activities.More specific duties include the following: Review and approve timecards and invoices (iBiz and subcontractor), prepare and coordinate monthly status reports and program management reviews, and submit and manage travel and ODC requests.Ensure deliverables are provided on time and in accordance with performance and quality standards.Provide programmatic interface between government COR(s) and iBiz Corporate Operations.Supervise iBiz contract personnel, including performance management, PTO approval, personnel hiring and onboarding, team morale, etc.Conduct site visits, customer meetings, and team meetings.Support business development activities, ranging from organic growth of current contracts to the capture, bid, and proposal for other iBiz opportunities.Required Skills, Education, Certifications and ExperienceBA/BS degree + 10 relevant years of experience; orPh. D + 6 relevant years of experience; orMaster's + 8 relevant years of experienceExperience managing services contracts, including interfacing with COR, invoicing, reporting, etc.Experience supervising personnel, including performance management, professional development, morale, recruiting, onboarding, etc.Experience developing business opportunities and engaging in capture, bid, and proposal activitiesAbility to work with minimal supervision, take direction easily, and remain flexible as needs evolveStrong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to coordinate and collaborate with clients, staff, COR, and company corporate operations staffAbility to operate proactively – to anticipate where support for the client is neededExperience with the Office 365 suite, including but not limited to: Teams, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, etc.Ability to obtain Public Trust ClearancePreferredCurrent Public Trust ClearanceExperience managing FAA professional services contractsExperience/understanding of FAA NextGen program and organizationPhysical requirements for this positionThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to work remaining in a stationary position, often standing or sitting for prolonged periods; repeating motions that may include the wrists, hands and/or fingers. Must be able to lift 20 lbs. or greaterDIGITALiBIZ, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity EmployerAll applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, age, sex, creed, national origin or ancestry, religious persuasion, marital status, political belief, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, status as a veteran or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. (Collectively an ""Protected Basis"")Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"	11192	Washington
IT Manager	Kearns & West	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	IT ManagerWashington DC THE ORGANIZATIONKearns & West provides a spectrum of services including facilitation; public involvement; project management; digital engagement and collaborative technology; process and meeting design, conflict resolution including mediation; outreach and engagement; collaborative decision-making; and strategic planning. We work extensively – but not exclusively – on public policy decision-making, conflict resolution, and citizen engagement across a broad spectrum of issues. Our collaborative programs are designed to identify and organize a range of issues, opinions, goals and interests into clear, productive processes that lead to successful conclusions for diverse parties and key stakeholders.Kearns & West’s “IT Backbone” supports our organization and teams, ensuring functionality for our matrixed, small business to continue to thrive and grow. Kearns & West also has a Digital Engagement team that drives technology innovation in our services and client environments, helping groups achieve more when they are together (in person or virtually) and between meetings. As new technology pilots and needs evolve towards broader team adoption, our IT team helps deploy and manage technologies firm-wide.Kearns & West’s mission: Organizations impacting society operate within a complex framework of needs, policies, interests, and markets. Kearns & West navigates this framework to help clients collaborate, communicate vision, and create productive connections with their stakeholders, employees and customers.THE POSITIONKearns & West is seeking an IT Manager to lead our internal IT team. The K&W IT Team includes K&W Principals, leadership from our external-facing Digital Engagement team, and Project Coordinator / Office Manager support. The IT Manager will lead implementation of our firm’s “IT Backbone” – the core IT tools and services K&W leverages for our team to coordinate and deliver internal and external services (e.g., Office 365, VoIP Phones [currently Ring Central], Email Security Training [currently KnowB4], webinar platforms [zoom, webex] etc.) The IT Manager will team closely with our Digital Engagement team – as value-add technologies shift from project uses into broader firm-wide adoption and incorporation into our “backbone” of core tools.This job isn’t: The help desk / first-responder role for “backbone” Kearns & West IT support (e.g., problem solving issues with Outlook.) We leverage an external managed service provider for that.This job is: Managing our external service provider and teaming on visioning and leading support for strategic IT initiatives.RESPONSIBILITIES· Liaise with the managed IT service / Help Desk provider serving as the firm’s core point of contact· Manage IT vendor relationships and oversee technology-oriented subscription/license services· Plan and oversee strategic IT initiatives related to the rollout and continued use of security solutions, new technologies, major software upgrades, and others· Document and track key metrics related to firm-wide IT performance for regular briefings and check-in with various firm staff· Provide direct support to clients and stakeholders needing interoperability with firm technologies· Work with relevant staff to manage and improve firm IT security, providing direct training and implementation support to staff· Create and curate support materials and for firm-supported IT offerings, including detailed how-to documentation, SOPs, tool descriptions for marketing purposes, and the like· Perform problem management services, analyzing core causes and working with stakeholders to address the issue and prevent their recurrence· Serve as primary point of contact in addressing improvements to core firm technologies (for example, SharePoint modifications, website improvements, etc.)· Bolster firm-wide technology adeptness through knowledge documentation and regular training opportunities· Work with project staff and stakeholders to address complex technology issues, simplifying the issue and developing business cases or workplans for next steps· Support employee onboarding and offboarding related to IT, account configuration, hardware procurement, etc.EXPERIENCE· 4+ years of experience.· Demonstrated capacity to manage and oversee IT projects· Background in managing and communicating complex technical tasks with non-technical staff and stakeholders· Demonstrated interest in environmental issues, natural resource management, and/or energy is beneficial.SKILLS· Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office – Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint· Skill in managing and overseeing a firm-wide SharePoint Environment· Conversancy in webinar and synchronous technology platforms –Zoom / Ring Central Meetings, WebEx, MS Teams· Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously· Experience in end-to-end IT project management and oversight· Ability to be flexible and resourceful and handle pressure/tight deadlines gracefully· Ability to interact and perform in a team-based environment· Ability to accessibly communicate technical matter, including written communications (user guides), 1-on-1 user troubleshooting support across all levels of technology acumen, and technology trainings· Capacity to rapidly distill core strengths and constraints of technological platformsWHAT WE OFFER: Generous 401k MatchingFull benefitsCompanywide bonus programHOW TO APPLYPlease submit a resume and cover letter. We ask that you do not call or email staff directly. Resumes will be accepted until the position is filled.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11192	Washington
Global Benefits Specialist	General Motors	Washington, DC	None	"About GM
There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors.

To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future.
Why Work for Us
Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities.
Job Description
This can be a remote position; the selected candidate can reside and perform the work from anywhere within the United States and Canada.
The Role:
The Specialist will provide strategic consulting support and oversight for healthcare, wellbeing, insurance programs (e.g. life and disability), partnering with the business unit to provide seamless benefits support, and identifying areas to further align Global Benefits with the GM HR Transformation model while balancing and advocating local needs.
This position is part time.
Responsibilities:
Support Global Benefits Manager to lead the strategic design of global healthcare, wellbeing, and insurance programs
Benchmark plans, evaluate market competitiveness, and provide strategic recommendations that align to GM’s Global Benefits principles and philosophy
Lead and partner with cross-functional team on global benefit projects including procuring new vendors
Complete surveys for consultant service providers (e.g. Aon, Willis Towers Watson) and networking groups
Support and coordinate plan renewals
Develop analytical models and reports using Excel and provide recommendations to support benefit initiatives
Partner within region to understand labor concerns relating to benefit plans and correlate timing of benefit recommendations to lead/support labor negotiations
Liaison with regional HR Leaders to understand local benefit needs within the country and external market competitiveness
Maintain an in depth understanding of the global benefits landscape and competitive environment
Participate and identify opportunities for benefit plan de-risking initiatives
Support local units to update global benefits data warehouse with benefit plan design information
Identify and ensure in-country benefits compliance
Recommend areas of improvement in local unit processes and global processes
Assist in the development of benefits training and communication materials
Assess wellbeing needs and partner to develop initiatives that align to global framework to improve overall health, wellbeing, and productivity
Develop actionable metrics for wellbeing offerings to track engagement, effectiveness, and value to employees and the company
Recommend program improvements for wellbeing offerings to maximize impact on employees and overall employee experience
Partner with professional benefits organizations and networking groups to understand trends (both emerging and established) in our industry
Partner on voluntary benefit initiatives
Additional Job Description
Required Experience/Skills:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources, Business Administration or Finance
3+ years experienced benefits professional with expertise in strategic benefits design
Experience working in large companies or consultants, preferably multinationals, with experience in supporting benefit projects in an advisory role
Strong analytical skills including intermediate Excel skills
Effective communication skills
Ability to work independently and collaboratively from remote location
Teamwork and relationship building
Problem solving and dealing with ambiguity
Willis Towers Watson Ben Track knowledge is a plus
Union/labor experience is a plus
Compensation: The median level of salary compensation for this role as a full-time employee is $109,283 (this job is a part time opportunity).
Bonus Potential: An incentive pay program offers payouts based on company performance, job level, and individual performance.
Benefits: GM offers a variety of health and wellbeing benefit programs. Benefit options include medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Accounts, retirement savings plan, sickness and accident benefits, life insurance, paid vacation & holidays, tuition assistance programs, employee assistance program, GM vehicle discounts and more
#LI-Remote
#gmremote
Benefits Overview
The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.
Diversity Information
General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities. GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
Equal Employment Opportunity Statements
The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us at Careers.Accommodations@GM.com . In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying."	11192	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11192	Washington
EDUCATION PROGRAM SPECIALIST	US Citizenship and Immigration Services	Camp Springs, MD	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located within External Affairs Directorate, Office of Citizenship and Application Information Services, Office of Citizenship.

As an EDUCATION PROGRAM SPECIALIST you are involved in all aspects of designing and implementing seminars and webinars for citizenship education teachers who teach or offer adult citizenship education courses to immigrants preparing for citizenship.

Responsibilities
Manages projects across all aspects of adult citizenship education including serving as the project lead for the naturalization test revision initiative.
Advises senior leadership about educational practices, risk management and advocates approaches in citizenship education and naturalization testing that minimizes agency risk and improves the adjudications process.
Develops new classroom and self-study materials to assist teachers and students in learning about the naturalization process, American history and government.
Facilitates seminars for adult citizenship education teachers, program administrators, museum educators, librarians, and immigrant service providers, on naturalization and adult citizenship education topics.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
1720 Education Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. National to apply for this position
Successfully pass a Background Investigation including financial disclosure
You must pass a drug screening
You must submit resume and supporting documentation
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service
Political appointees may require OPM approval before on-boarding
The qualifications for this position must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

Current Federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the lower grade or equivalent grade band in the Federal service. The Time-in-Grade requirement must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

This position is in the bargaining unit.

This position is not considered ""essential"" for purposes of reporting to work when the facility might otherwise be closed.

Residency Requirement: There is a residency requirement for all applicants not currently employed by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. This residency requirement states that candidates must have, for three of the last five years immediately prior to applying for this position; (1) resided in the United States; OR (2) worked for the United States Government as an employee overseas in a Federal or Military capacity, OR (3) been a dependent of a U.S. Federal or Military employee serving overseas.

Background Investigation: To ensure the accomplishment of our mission, DHS requires every employee to be reliable and trustworthy. To meet those standards, all selected applicants must undergo and successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a review of financial issues such as delinquency in the payment of debts, child support and/or tax obligations, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs. The background investigation process is initiated after a selection is made. For more information visit the OPM Mythbuster Page.

If a SECRET or TOP SECRET clearance is needed or the position is designated a Sensitive National Security position, all selected candidates must meet the requirements for these clearances or Sensitive National Security position prior to placement AND maintain that level of clearance or national security eligibility while encumbering the position.

Probationary Period: You may be required to serve a probationary period of 1 year.
Qualifications
GS-13: You qualify at the GS-13 level if you possess one (1) year of specialized experience, which is equivalent to at least the GS-12 level in the federal government, that equipped you with the skills needed to successfully perform the duties of the position. You must have experience performing the following duties:

Developing instructional or educational products, services, and activities.
Developing or creating instructional design and strategies in history and civics.
Knowledge and understanding of the naturalization process and testing.
Administering or coordinating adult basic education, adult ESL, or adult citizenship/EL-Civics programs.

The assessments for this job will measure:

Technical Competence
Planning and Evaluating
Education and Training
Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Interpersonal Skills
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Self-Management
Teamwork
Technology Application
Writing

Please read the following important information to ensure you submit everything we need to consider your application: It is your responsibility to ensure that you submit your responses and appropriate documentation prior to the closing date. Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must highlight your most relevant and significant experience and education (if applicable), as it relates to this job opportunity announcement. USCIS will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your initial eligibility/qualifications for a position. As such, please be sure to include content to support your eligibility/qualifications for this position within the first 5 pages. Please note that your full resume will be made available to the hiring manager if you are referred. Be clear and specific when describing your work history since Human Resources cannot make assumptions regarding your experience. Your application will be rated and ranked based on your responses to the online questions.

Please ensure EACH work history includes ALL of the following information:

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
Employer's name and address
Supervisor name and phone number
Start and end dates including month, day and year (e.g. June 18 2007 to April 05 2008)
Start and end dates for each grade/pay level if you've held a federal position.
Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
Salary

Determining length of General or Specialized Experience is dependent on the above information and failure to provide the above information may result in a finding of ineligible.

Note: Overstating your qualifications and/or experience in your application materials or application questionnaire may result in your removal from consideration.

Federal Experience: If you are using current or prior federal experience as a basis for qualifying for this position, the grade levels and length of employment (mm/dd/year) at each grade level must be listed in your work history. This information will be further validated if selected for this position.

The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office

National Service Experience (i.e., volunteer experience): Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build criteria competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer service. Please provide the dates and amount of time/hours worked earning this experience.
Education
COMBINING QUALIFYING EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION: If you do not qualify based on experience or education alone, you may be able to qualify based on a combination of your experience and education. For more information on combining education and experience, visit the following website: General Schedule Qualification Standards.

Basic Education Requirement: You must submit a copy of your college transcript(s) (unofficial is acceptable) to support the basic educational requirement or a list of coursework with hours completed. For verification purposes, the transcript submitted must include your name and educational institution.

Degree: that included or was supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in a field related to the work of the position to be filled, of which at least 9 semester hours must have been in education courses.
or
Combination of education and experience - at least 24 semester hours in a field related to the work of the position to be filled, of which at least 9 semester hours must have been in education courses, plus appropriate experience or additional education. The experience must reflect the level and kind described in C below.
or
Four years of experience that demonstrated a thorough understanding of the principles and practices underlying the work of this series. This experience must have been of such character and diversity to demonstrate that the applicant possesses an understanding of the field comparable to that normally acquired through successful completion of a full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university.
or
At least 1 full academic year of professional teaching experience. This experience is defined as full and primary responsibility, under general supervision, for instruction of assigned students in an accredited school or institution. This includes responsibility for preparing and presenting lessons and for evaluating students' progress, including a determination of the students' success or failure according to established criteria. Serving in an assistant capacity to a professor without the authority to determine the students' success or failure to meet course requirements does not meet this criterion.

Additional information
Special Employment Consideration: The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps, VISTA volunteers, and persons with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links above or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement.

Any offers of employment made pursuant to this announcement will be consistent with all applicable authorities, including Presidential Memoranda, Executive Orders, interpretive U.S. Office of Personnel Management guidance and U.S. Office of Management and Budget plans and policies concerning hiring. These authorities are subject to change.

Additional Information:

USCIS uses E-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities.

If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment.

It is our responsibility to eliminate any risks to national security, public health, and public safety that could be posed by individuals who use illegal drugs. This position may be subject to random testing as a condition of employment. A positive drug test or refusal to be tested will result in disciplinary action, up to and including removal from Federal service.

Note: If you previously retired from the Federal service and are receiving an annuity, your salary may be offset by the amount of your annuity.

Applying to this announcement certifies that you give permission for DHS to share your application with others in DHS for similar positions.

Common definitions for hiring terms found in this announcement.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this position based upon information reflected in your resume. Your resume must support your responses to the job specific assessment questionnaire, level of education claimed, experience, and/or training. To remain in consideration for this position, please ensure your resume covers this requirement and that your resume has been successfully submitted as part of your on-line application package.

Creation of this package includes completing the on-line assessment questionnaire, uploading your resume, and uploading any required supporting documents.

NOTE: Your resume and supporting documentation will be verified. If you rated yourself higher than what is supported by your application material, you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

If you are found best qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview.

Veterans: Certain veterans are eligible to apply as a status candidate under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA). View Feds Hire vets for more information.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) Eligible: If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not CTAP/ICTAP eligible. View information about CTAP or ICTAP eligibility on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered well qualified under CTAP/ ICTAP, you must be placed in the Well-Qualified category for this position, as described above. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this job announcement.

Note: Applicants who are referred to the hiring office for selection consideration may be required to complete a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of the interview/selection process. If the hiring office decides to request a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of its selection process, a designated contractor or Agency representative will contact you to: (1) inform you of this requirement; and (2) provide further instructions.

Conditions of Employment Reminder: If you fail to meet the conditions of employment or any other pre-employment requirements, such as missing any of the scheduled appointments, the hiring agency may rescind their tentative offer of employment.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
Yes
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume: You must submit a resume that clearly demonstrates you have experience that meets the requirements of this position as outlined in the “Qualifications” section. USCIS’ Human Resources Office will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your eligibility/qualifications.

In order to ensure that you include all necessary information within the first 5 pages of your resume, you are highly encouraged to save and submit your resume as a PDF instead of submitting it through Resume Builder or a word-processing program such as Word or Google Docs.

Your responses to the job questionnaire. (submitted through the on-line application process in USA Jobs. Responses DO NOT need to be attached as an additional document to your application)

Are you qualifying based on education? Submit a copy of your college transcript (unofficial is acceptable) from an accredited institution. Once selected and prior to appointment, applicants must provide an official college transcript. Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet Federal qualification requirements if you can show that your foreign education is comparable to education received in accredited educational institutions in the United States. For example, specific courses accepted for college-level credit by an accredited U.S. college or university, or foreign education evaluated by an organization recognized for accreditation by the Department of Education as education equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. college or university. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence with your application. See Recognition of Foreign Qualifications for more information.

Are you a veteran? You must provide acceptable documentation of your preference or appointment eligibility. The member 4 copy of your DD214, ""Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty,"" is preferable. If claiming 10 point preference, you will need to submit a Standard Form (SF-15), ""Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference."" If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions. View more veterans’ information.

Are you a current or former Federal employee? Submit a copy of your official SF-50 (no text version) or other official ""Notification of Personnel Action"" document that shows the following information:

your appointment in the competitive service
tenure
grade and step
full performance level

If your SF-50(s) does not provide the information needed to make a final determination for qualification, you will be found ineligible for the position. SF-50B print screens from NFC are not official documents and are not acceptable. This includes USCIS employees as well. All current DHS employees can print their own SF-50's by accessing the DHS eOPF website. If you have forgotten your user name or password, eOPF offers a self-service feature to assist you.

If you are a current CIS employee and need access information to eOPF, contact USCIS.EOPF@uscis.dhs.gov. For all other agencies please see your servicing Human Resources Office.

You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and or incentive awards. If you are a Federal employee and have received a current performance rating, it is strongly encouraged that a copy accompanies your application submission. Doing so allows the selecting official access to all information surrounding your potential to fulfill the duties and responsibilities commensurate of the position being considered for. Failure to provide may impede the selecting official's understanding of the qualifications and experience that you possess.

Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP)? Submit:

a copy of your agency notice,
a copy of your most recent performance rating, and
a copy of your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, noting your current position, grade level, and duty location.

Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent appointment:

Position title
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee)
Agency
Beginning and ending dates of appointment

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select ""Benefits."" Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more.

Review our benefits
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
LOCAL COMMUTING AREA: Current Federal Employees with competitive status, Reinstatement, OPM Interchange Agreement, VRA (up to GS-11), Schedule A, Surplus/Displaced eligibles, VEOA eligibles and RAIO overseas employees approved for rotation."	11192	Washington
Regulations Specialist (Project Coordinator)	US Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau	Washington, DC	$87,198 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
TTB's mission is to collect alcohol, tobacco, firearms and ammunition excise taxes; to ensure that alcohol beverages are labeled, advertised and marketed in accordance with the law; and administer laws and regulations in a manner that protects the revenue, protects the consumer, and promotes voluntary compliance. TTB is one of the Federal government’s best places to work. We ranked in the top 1% of agency subcomponents (tied for #4 of 420) in 2019. See www.bestplacestowork.org.

Responsibilities
The following are the duties of this position at the GS-13. If you are selected at a lower grade level, you will have the opportunity to learn to perform all these duties, and will receive training to help you grow in this position.
Plan, organize, and coordinate separate studies conducted by other specialists and, when necessary, combines them into a larger study.Review rulings, letters, memoranda, and forms to ensure consistency with policy and regulatory decisions.Furnish technical advice to Headquarters offices and the field on broad regulatory issues falling within TTB's jurisdiction.Serve as an advisor to top-level management such as the Assistant Administrator (Headquarters Operations), division directors, Field Operations managers, and Chief Counsel on various policy issues and technical matters affecting the Bureau.Review, evaluate, and recommend improvements to major regulatory program and mission areas.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
1801 General Inspection, Investigation, Enforcement, And Compliance Series
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Please refer to ""Conditions of Employment.""
Click ""Print Preview"" to review the entire announcement before applying.
Must be U.S. Citizens or U.S. Nationals.
The experience may have been gained in either the public, private sector or volunteer service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/day/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week on your resume.
Qualifications
You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement.

Specialized experience: For the GS-13, you must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-12grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes:
Analyzing and interpreting existing regulatory documents and preparing summaries of comments to notices; ANDDeveloping and writing issue papers, rulings, industry circulars, rulemaking documents or other materials relating to the operation and regulation of private industry; ANDCoordinating research projects.
For the GS-12, you must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-11grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes:
Overseeing the development and coordination of regulatory projects, including objectives, milestones, and resource requirements; ANDPerforming comprehensive studies and making recommendations on regulatory and policy issues relating to the operation and regulation of private industry; ORInterpreting and applying statutes and regulations.
In addition to the above requirements, you must meet the following time-in-grade requirement, if applicable:
For the GS-13, you must have been at the GS-12level for 52 weeks.
For the GS-12, you must have been at the GS-11level for 52 weeks.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more vacancies.This is a bargaining unit position.We offer opportunities for telework.We offer opportunities for flexible work schedules.

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:
A one year probationary period may be required.Must successfully complete a background investigation.Public Trust – Background Investigation will be required.Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency.If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to do so.Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two forms of identification from the Form I-9. Federal law requires verification of the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S.Undergo an income tax verification.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application includes your résumé, responses to the online questions, and required supporting documents. Please be sure that your résumé includes detailed information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide sufficient evidence in your résumé may result in a “not qualified” determination.

Rating: Your application will be evaluated in the following areas: Technical, Analytical, and Communication. Your application will be rated and ranked among others, based on your responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education, training, performance appraisals and awards relevant to the duties of this position. Your rating may be lowered if your responses to the online questions are not supported by the education and/or experience described in your application.

Referral: If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to participate in a selection interview.

If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP)) you must receive a score of 92 or better to be rated as “well qualified"" to receive special selection priority.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and 3. Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible).

All applicants are required to submit a résumé either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.) To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and number of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé. We suggest that you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé tips.

CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (CTAP) OR INTERAGENCY CAREER TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PLAN (ICTAP) DOCUMENTATION: If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required documents.

CURRENT AND FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES - Documentation Relating to Your Federal Employment:
Submit a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, which shows your current (or most recent) grade and competitive service status. (The “position occupied” block on the SF-50 should show a “1” and your “tenure” block should show a “1” or “2”.)If you are currently on a Veterans Recruitment Appointment (VRA), submit a copy of an SF-50 showing that. Also, you must submit a copy of your DD214 or other documentation showing dates of service and type of discharge and any other applicable documents such as SF-15, VA letters, etc.Indicate on your application the highest permanent grade you have held; if this grade is different from your current grade, submit a copy of an additional SF-50 showing this grade.

If you are applying under a special hiring authority (e.g. Military Spouses, Interchange Agreement, VEOA, VRA, Schedule A Disability, etc.), please see applicant guide for required documentation. In order to be eligible under one of these authorities, you must submit all required documentation as outlined in the applicant guide.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL - Submit a copy of your most recent, signed, completed annual performance appraisal which includes the final rating. If it is not dated within the last 18 months or if you have not received a performance appraisal, please explain why in your application.

Recommended Documents: In addition, we recommend that you submit the following:
A list of awards received (if applicable). Please do not send copies of awards.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Our comprehensive benefits are very generous. Our benefits package includes:

Challenging work, opportunities for advancement, competitive salaries, bonuses and incentive awards.Ten paid holidays, 13 days of sick leave, and 13 to 26 days of vacation time each year.Access to insurance programs that may be continued after you retire.A wide choice of health insurance plans, coverage for pre-existing conditions, and no waiting periods. We pay a substantial amount (up to 75%) of the health insurance premiums.A retirement program which includes employer-matching contributions.Learn more about Federal benefits programs at: https://help.usajobs.gov/index.php/Pay_and_Benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
All candidates who are: Current or former federal employees qualifying as Status Candidates, Federal employees currently serving on a VRA, VEOA eligibles, CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, eligible for special hiring authorities (e.g., the Schedule A appointment for persons with disabilities, or covered by an Interchange Agreement), or Land Management employees eligible under Public Law 114-47."	11192	Washington
Engineering Project Delivery Lead	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12315

Organization: World Bank

Sector: Information Technology

Grade: GG

Term Duration: 3 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: Local Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 6/27/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

About the World Bank Group:
Established in 1944, the World Bank Group (WBG) is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions: the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), the International Development Association (IDA), the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), and the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID). With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, the WBG works with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges.
ITS Vice Presidency Context:
Information and Technology Solutions (ITS) enables the WBG to achieve its mission of ending extreme poverty and promote shared prosperity in a sustainable way by delivering transformative information and technologies to its staff working in over 150 locations.
Our vision is to transform how the Bank Group accomplishes its mission through information and technology. In this fast-paced, ever-changing world, the formulation and implementation of the ITS strategy is an ongoing, iterative process of learning and adaptation developed through extensive consultations with business partners throughout the World Bank Group.
ITS shapes its strategy in response to changing business priorities and leverages new technologies to achieve three high-level business outcomes: business enablement, by providing Bank Group units with innovative digital tools and technologies to transform how they deliver value for their clients; empowerment & effectiveness, by ensuring that all Bank Group staff are connected, able to find information, and productive to accelerate the delivery of development solutions globally; and resilience, by equipping the Bank Group to provide risk-based cybersecurity and robust data protection for a global network and a growing cloud platform.
Implementation of the strategy is guided by three core principles. The first is to deliver solutions for business partners that are customer-centric, innovative, and transformative. The second is to provide the Bank Group with value for money with selective and standard technologies. The third principle is to excel at the basics by providing a high performing, robust, and resilient IT environment for the organization.
The ITS Enterprise Services unit, provides a wide range of technical services: data centers, system administration, database, middleware, cloud, enterprise monitoring and identity and access management.
Position is part of the Information Technology Systems Management infrastructure team.
Duties and Accountabilities:
The Engineering Program Delivery Lead is responsible for the management of multiple large and small IT infrastructure projects across the team involving close collaboration with the engineers. He/she is also the main liaison with procurement and responsible for coordinating the team’s software/hardware renewals. In addition, he/she assists in client coordination and communication.
Develop agile project plans and schedules for executing global IT Infrastructure projects utilizing multiple technologies and frameworks as well as project status reports for various stakeholders.
Work closely across various IT teams to monitor project milestones and critical paths to identify potential risks in the projects. Identify ways to resolve various risks and issues.
Implement agile management best practices by facilitating exercises such as sprint planning and scrum meetings.
Understand infrastructure technologies to be effective in coordinating within team and across multiple units. Technologies include cloud (AWS and Azure), server administration, storage, backup and security.
Primary procurement Liaison managing RFPs, IFBs and other procurement related communication.
Coordination of the team’s software and hardware renewals.
Regularly monitor the Administrative and Capital budget in close consultation with the unit’s RM analyst and Manager.
Take personal responsibility and accountability for timely response to client queries, requests or needs, working to remove obstacles that may impede execution or overall success.
Take personal ownership and accountability to meet deadlines and achieve agreed-upon results.
Collaborate with other team members and contribute productively to the team's work and output, demonstrating respect for different points of view.
Analyze facts and data to support sound, logical decisions regarding own and others' work.

Selection Criteria
Education: Master's degree with 8 years relevant experience or Bachelors Degree with a minimum of 10 years relevant experience.
Role Specific Experience: 7+ years of experience of executing global IT Infrastructure and facility projects utilizing multiple technologies and frameworks.
5+ years of project management experience in planning, executing, and monitoring in a multi-cultural environment.
Required Skills:
Knowledge of IT Infrastructure components and terminology, including cloud (AWS and Azure), server administration, storage, backup and security.
Ability to organize and prioritize workload, and remain flexible in an environment of constantly changing priorities.
Strong ability to assess requirements, initiate and complete task or project with little or no guidance.
Ability to run projects using agile project management best practices.
Ability to apply problem-solving skills to evaluate and solve problems effectively.
Excellent oral and written communications skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively in a multinational team environment and build effective working relations with clients, colleagues, and vendors.
Ability to build and sustain collaborative relationships with executive management and multiple constituencies.
Strong analytical and organization skills.
Demonstrated ability to make sound decisions and work calmly and effectively under pressure.
Azure Boards experience a plus.

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11192	Washington
QA/QC Manager (2nd Shift)	Johnson Controls	Arlington, VA	None	"QA/QC Manager (2nd Shift) - 2111594
What you will do
This position is responsible for the implementation and management of the Quality Control Program, including the coordination, supervision and documentation of inspection and testing services for the project(s) assigned. The Quality Control Specialist is responsible for assuring that the quality of the work meets or exceeds the project’s contractual requirements and maintains the standard of excellence established by the customer.
How you will do it
Works with customer(s) to address and mitigate deficiencies in quality of service, contract scope of work, warranty items, or other related issues.
Manages quality control inspection program to ensure compliance with performance work statement.
Participates in the review of design, installation and documentation to ensure that the design and customer’s requirements are met on assigned corrective work orders.
Develops systems and procedures to clarify preventive maintenance work instructions.
Develops new approaches to solve problems identified during quality control activities.
Communicates significant issues or developments identified during quality control activities and provides recommended process improvements to management to drive efficiencies.
Leads the CQC team and conducts Quality Control meetings at the job site.
Resolves client problems and/or conflicts as it pertains to quality and maintains open communication with the client including providing regular written and oral reports to ensure satisfaction.
Provides technical expertise and guidance to account teams and staff and manages resolution of complex problems.
Complies with all company policies and procedures and adheres to company standards.
Performs other duties as required.

Qualifications
What we look for
Required
Bachelor’s Degree/College Degree in related field or equivalent experience in Building Trades and Construction Quality Management.
Proficiency in a Windows operating environment, including email and Microsoft Office software.
Demonstrated planning, problem solving, data analysis, blueprint/schematic reading, organizing, inter-personal, and communication skills with proven leadership skills and decision making abilities.
Qualified to evaluate performance in various trades including; HVAC, Vertical Transportation Equipment, Boilers; Steam / Heating, Medical Air Gas Systems, Fire Alarm, Fire Suppression, Fire Sprinkler, Nurse Call, Fire and Smoke Doors, Emergency and Egress lighting, Pneumatic Tube Systems.
Experience in an active Hospital, Medical Treatment Facility including isolation and infection control practices preferred.
Knowledge of The Joint Commission accreditation practices preferred.
Experience in operation and maintenance practices in the building service industry.
Must be a team player, committed to working in a quality environment.

The following certifications are required:
Construction Quality Management – Certification (to be obtained within 3 months)

Who we are
As a trusted partner to the federal government for more than 100 years, Johnson Controls Federal Systems (JCFS) manufactures products, provides solutions, and installs and maintains building technologies at more than 750 federal sites and military installations worldwide. The JCFS team is passionate about designing, constructing, and maintaining energy, water, and utility savings projects at various federal and military sites around the world.

If you’d like to learn more about who we are, what we do, and the systems and products we work with please check out our “take a journey” video on Youtube to learn more. (Around 7 minutes long)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvGYkasvEwM

Johnson Controls is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. For more information, please view EEO is the Law. If you are an individual with a disability and you require an accommodation during the application process, please visit www.johnsoncontrols.com/tomorrowneedsyou.

Division: JCFS (Johnson Controls Federal Systems)

Job Quality & Continuous Improvement
Primary LocationUS-VA-Arlington
Organization Bldg Technologies & Solutions"	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager	BRMi	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	Overview: BRMi Technology is seeking an IT Project Manager to support a large client in the Northern Virginia area. The selected candidate will plan, manage, and execute all project phases from inception through implementation. To develop project plans and deliver solutions on schedule and within budget in support of the System Support organization.Click here to learn about BRMi's culture.Click here to see BRMi’s Glassdoor reviewsResponsibilities:Manages multiple IT projects following SDLC and Agile methodologiesRecognize how projects impact cross-organizational initiatives and align with the customer's goalsAbility to drive results and minimize scope creep while being flexible in a changing environmentDefines, develops and executes project plans including analysis, scope, schedule, testing, cost estimates, and deploymentBuild and maintain relationships with sponsors, team members, business, management, key stakeholders and/or external contacts (vendors)Works closely with Procurement when necessary to define and understand contracts, including language, scope, pre- and post-award, contract closure, basic legal aspects, and risk managementProvides strategic thought leadership during engagements on approaches to overcome impediments to accelerate delivery and skillfully facilitate conflict resolutionSecures project resources and ensures optimum utilization of those resourcesDirects and leads Project Teams by developing and coordinating work plans, schedules, milestones, and deliverablesOversees project progress to ensure documentation and schedules are in compliance with previously agreed requirements and standardsFacilitates project team and client meetings covering status and issue resolutionEnsures on-time and on-budget delivery of projects through organization, being proactive, and risk mitigationminimizes, and escalates project risks or constraints that would impact quality and deliverablesProvide consistent, concise, relevant, reliable and timely information to all internal and external audiences/stakeholders through a variety of mediaFoster strong spirit of communication and collaboration between teams to align program goals, deliver final products, and ensure leadership transparency to impediments and progressOther duties as assignedQualifications: RequiredBachelor’s degree in Business, Management, or related field or the equivalent combination of education, training, or experience3-5 Years IT Project Management experienceExperience managing IT projects following SDLC and Agile methodologiesDemonstrates ability to manage multiple technical projects and dependencies across an enterprise IT environment Experience with project management and IT Service Management tools (ex. MS Project, JIRA, ITBM)Demonstrates the ability to manage and maintain relationships with software vendors, sponsors, and stakeholdersExperience working in an IT service environmentDemonstrated skill in producing desired results and achieving goals and objectiveDesiredPMP Certification (or commensurate experience managing corporate-wide projects)Experience as a Scrum MasterProficiency with PCs and related software applications (spreadsheet, presentation, and project management applications)** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.****This is a W2 opportunity only***EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled*We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.Location: 14399 Penrose Place, Chantilly, VA 20151Job Type: Full-time	11192	Washington
Junior Project Manager - Marketing & Communications	Sharp & Company, Inc.	Washington, DC	$40,000 - $60,000 a year	Applications will not be considered unless a cover letter is provided. Please do not contact Sharp & Company directly about this position. Only applications through Indeed will be considered. Job DescriptionCompany Description: Sharp & Company is a small, women-owned, full-service communications firm that specializes in strategic branding and public involvement for transportation clients such as the Virginia Department of Transportation, the Maryland Department of Transportation, the District Department of Transportation, and the Montgomery County Department of Transportation.Job Description: Sharp & Company is looking for a Junior Project Manager. Do you enjoy working on a team to develop innovative and effective communications strategies? How about taking complex technical information and translating it into simple-to-understand messages? If that sounds interesting, this is the perfect job for you! This position will allow you to work on a regionally significant infrastructure project in Washington DC, connecting with various stakeholders while enhancing your communications, marketing, and advertising expertise.Worksite location – All positions are remote to Sharp & Company’s offices. This position may require you to work onsite in Washington, DC, and occasionally attend site visits in Rockville and Gaithersburg (estimated 1-2x a month).TasksThis position will primarily do the following:Supports project manager as neededSupports the strategic and tactical operation of the projectCoordinates with the client and creative team for development and approvals of meeting materialsSupports management of budgetCoordinates with other company staff to complete assignments by requesting other company services (example, creative services, public meetings staffing, reports, media services, PR services, etc.)Plans, organizes, and executes public outreach campaigns including writing public information plansPlans meetings and outreach eventsOversees development of content for outreach materials.Secures necessary approvals for contentOrganize and collect equipment, materials, signage, etc. for public meetingsStaff public meetings for any project as necessaryAttend weekly staff meetings (in person or via Zoom)Participate in and support all projects as staffing is neededSkillsCollege degree1-3 years of communication experience requiredKnowledge of the public information process at transportation agencies a plusExperience developing and implementing public information plansExperience organizing and executing public outreach marketing plansStrong writing skillsOur BenefitsOur reputation is built upon the talents and integrity of our employees. We value the contributions of each and every person who is a member of our organization. We offer challenging career opportunities, competitive salaries, and a comprehensive benefits package that includes the following:Health, Vision, and DentalPaid holidaysPaid vacation/sick leaveMedical benefits401KLong- and short-term disabilityEducation and networking opportunitiesApplications will not be considered unless a cover letter is provided. Please do not contact Sharp & Company directly about this position. Only applications through Indeed will be considered.Salary Range: $40,000 - 60,000 (Depending on experience)Job Type: Full-timePay: $40,000.00 - $60,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayExperience:Marketing: 1 year (Required)Writing skills: 1 year (Required)Work Location:Multiple locationsWork Remotely:Yes	11192	Washington
Desktop Field Tech	Inova Health System	Falls Church, VA 22042	None	"Job Description
Maintains complete and accurate documentation involving completion of service request, resolutions of issues reported through the customer support line or approved project work requests. Consistently communicates technical issues with other members of the team. Trains and orients end-user staff and provides feedback to manager as appropriate. Performs all services necessary to install and move desktop and peripheral connections.

Job Responsibilities
Maintains complete and accurate documentation of service request and repairs.
Communicates with team members on technical issues and work together to resolve the issues.
Trains and orients end-user staff and provide quarterly feedback to the manager Ensures requested devices are installed correctly upon initial site visit. All connection types (cables, connectors, etc) are available at the site during installation.
Confirms all devices are working as expected with the end user.
Notifies and communicates emergency changes to appropriate IT and Clinical staff in a timely manner.
Assists with performance trending, documenting and reporting. Identifies and suggests/implements solutions for performance and operational problems.
May be asked to assists with inventory tracking and problem tracking.
Installs desktop and peripheral equipment in a timely manner meeting a SLA of 97 percent.
The SLA will be measured by customer support request record data.
Stay abreast of technology by utilizing vendor manuals, trade journals and vendor training.
Performs all services to ensure desktop and peripherals are correctly installed and confirms all required business functions are working as required with end users.
Orients end-user staff and provides feedback to manager as appropriate.
Promotes positive interpersonal relationships with fellow employees, physicians and other clinical personnel, and patients.
Exhibits appropriate and professional behavior at all times.
Participates in the recovery activities from a disaster or major network or system outage.


Additional Requirements

Education:
Bachelor Degree in a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical training or work experience.
Experience:
1-3 desktop support
Skills:
Desktop computer technology (windows 7/8) , Printer maintenance and support"	11192	Washington
IT Manager	Champions Oncology, Inc.	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"Job Details
Level
Management
Job Location
Rockville, MD - Rockville, MD
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
Masters Degree
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Biotech
Job Details
About us
Champions Oncology provides an end-to-end range of oncology research and development solutions and services that improve the productivity of drug development. As a growing Contract Research Organization (CRO), our work environment is fast-paced, challenging and ever adapting to meet the needs and timelines of our pharmaceutical-clients. Our team is passionate and self-motivated working together to accelerate the challenges of oncology drug development and ultimately improve patients’ lives around the world.

Job classification and Location: Full-time (exempt) in Rockville, MD

Job Overview
The IT Manager will work closely with the Engineering Director and other stakeholders to define, develop, and implement practices to drive the adoption of a world-class IT culture at Champions. The IT Manager will also assist with our compliance efforts and be responsible for the day-to-day delivery of IT services at Champions. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to;
Oversee day-to-day global IT operations and supervise systems and staff
Work closely with QA to develop IT-related policies and SOPs
Ensure business continuity and security by monitoring systems and services
Lead continuous process improvement
Manage vendor relationships
Provide guidance and training to staff

Qualifications and Skills:
Master’s of Science in Information Technology or related degree desired.
10+ years of IT experience.
3+ years of experience managing IT teams and overseeing IT-related projects
Excellent understanding of IT best practices, computer systems, security, compliance, network and systems administration, data storage systems, and telecommunications
Excellent communication skills
Strong knowledge of project management principles
Experience with SOC 2 or similar compliance

Physical demands and work environment
Must be able to sit and use hands to finger, handle and feel.
Must be able to lift and move packages weighing up to 50 pounds.
Must be able to sit for long periods of time using a computer in a typical office environment in a multi-level facility
Some activities require repetitive motion and reaching, pulling or pushing.
In carrying out the duties of the job there will be frequent exposure to fumes and chemical hazards.
Duties performed routinely require exposure to blood, body fluid and tissue.

This job description may be changed to include new responsibilities and tasks or change existing ones as management deems necessary.
Champions Oncology is an Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees."	11192	Washington
Regional Intelligence Team Leader	Facebook	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	None	"Our Global Security organization is comprised of multiple teams that work together to support our operations around the globe. Our mission is to keep the things that we value safe and secure while protecting the people, assets, and reputation of Facebook. We protect the people of Facebook by creating a safe and secure environment for our culture to flourish. From buildings and servers, to prototypes and ideas, we ensure Facebook’s physical and intellectual assets are safe and secure and make informed decisions to protect Facebook’s reputation. The ideal candidate will be an experienced analyst who excels at utilizing advanced analytic techniques to develop tailored intelligence products, and has an excitement for corporate security, analysis, and problem-solving. The candidate will lead a regional team and be responsible for monitoring all-source information to proactively identify and assess risks and threats that could impact Facebook's people, assets and reputation. This is a cross-functional role that partners closely with Investigations, Protective Intelligence, and other Global Security and Facebook internal teams.
Oversee the production of intelligence reports and threat assessments for the designated region/function.
Provide analytical guidance and content review for all intelligence reporting for the designated region/function.
Analyze and assess risks and threats to Facebook's people, assets and reputation across the designated region/function.
Monitor all-source information to proactively identify and assess threats that could potentially impact Facebook's global workforce and business operations.
Provide leadership and guidance related to the direction and completion of team projects and products.
Train, coach, and mentor internal team members, including leading the onboarding and training of new team members and maintaining the internal training program.
Support an environment of protecting Facebook's people, assets, and reputation through pro-active intelligence reporting, information sharing, and partnering with Global Security and cross-functional FB partners.
Utilize structured analytic techniques to develop tailored intelligence products and provide threat warning notifications to Facebook decision-makers, regionally and globally.
Gather and analyze data to facilitate improvements in the methodologies, tools and techniques to enable the team to scale and optimize operations to mitigate potential risk.
Appropriately leverage resources, technology, information, and tactics in a manner that protects reputation and minimizes risk.
Develop and sustain a collaborative partnership with headquarters and regional partners.
Develop and maintain strong relationships with other business partners and leaders to effectively support their respective Departments.
Drive a respectful team culture centered on open communication, sharing, listening, and recognition of team members at all levels.
Represent Facebook in external networking and organizations, as directed by Global Intelligence Manager.
Manage external and vendor relationships, as directed by Global Intelligence Manager.
Follow company procedures and processes as it relates to Global Security best practices, and handling of confidential information.
Flexible work schedule, able to work days, evenings, weekends and holidays.
Travel to regional and global offices and events annually (<25%).
Bachelor's degree.
Relevant work experience in analytical disciplines, such as risk intelligence, threat analysis, business intelligence/analysis, competitive/market intelligence/analysis, crisis management, or business continuity.
Demonstrated experience leading small-to-mid-size teams.
Proven understanding and experience covering EMEA region.
Highly collaborative individual capable of working with cross-functional partners and global/regional teams.
Analytical and problem-solving skills.
Experience working with highly confidential information.
Experience working with 24/7 operations.
Experience completing multiple tasks simultaneously and functioning in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision.
Proven effectiveness in communication skills and experience distilling communication based on the target audience, including executive-level audiences.
Relevant working experience with global exposure.
Fluency in foreign language(s), possess overseas work experience or strong professional network.
Experience from private sector is preferred.
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."	11192	Washington
IT Project Portfolio Manager	Teracore	Washington, DC	None	"Teracore is a Service Disabled-Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) classified management consulting and information technology services firm. We are committed to creating and maintaining a corporate environment and culture that promotes long-term employment. Diverse talents help us to achieve the missions and objectives of our customers. We hope we can partner together to achieve those goals.

We are SO glad you are reading this. But, before we go any further in this conversation, we have deal breakers. You must have:

BS/BA preferably in Technical area Computer Science or Information Technology

PMP certification

Must be able to work on client site in DC, post-pandemic restrictions

US Citizenship and background investigation are required to attain a favorable entry on duty (EOD)/public trust clearance

5 - 7+ years of hands-on technical experience providing project management services and support to public sector organizations

You should also have:
In-depth knowledge of and experience with IT Project Management processes , Business Analyst , and Project Management principles and practices such as those defined by the PMI PMBOK, Federal Enterprise Architecture CPIC, SDLC, IT Security Management, and Risk Management

K nowledge of and experience with federal IT Investment

Proven expertise in IT Project P ortfolio management, to include the ability to apply consistent management approaches to IT Portfolio Management that increases the quality of data through best practices and documentation

Knowledge of O MB reporting requirements and adapting internal reporting to align with Cloud Based and Shared Service Models

Experience in responding to internal and external government audits

Proven ability as demonstrated in your resume to review and analyze cost, schedule, and performance requirements for complex IT programs

We're glad you're still reading.

Now that we have that out of the way, let's talk about some of the day to day duties of this role. You will be s upporting OCIO in defining the IT mission, IT vision, and IT strategic direction as well as focus areas for the Department that are consistent with the departmental business mission and goals. You will also be r eviewing and assessing current and future agency IT mission and strategic plan alignment and providing assistance, support, and guidance to agencies to improve and enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of their IT portfolio in meeting their mission needs as well as department-wide IT goals and objectives. On top of that you will ensure a strategic planning focus regarding the OCIO's efforts to optimize its service offerings in a continuous improvement environment while monitoring DOL and agency strategic business management activities to ensure alignment with the IT Governance framework, DOL target architecture, and the OCIO vision. As well as ensuring the IT business mission needs of the agencies are well documented and drive IT strategic planning efforts at DOL, while also assisting in the development of the Information Resources Management Strategic Plan (IRM SP), which defines the vision for the Department's future information technology (IT) environment, as well as updating the IRM SP, per OMB guidance. Assisting in the development of DOL Strategic Plan by documenting OCIO strategic goals and objectives.

Yes, we know that was a mouthful, and there is oh so much more! This is just the tip of the iceberg. If you're interested in learning ALL the rest, and partnering with Teracore, let's chat! We look forward to discussing the details with you. Do you need accommodations to apply? Email your resume and cover letter to IWantToWork@teracore.com . Thank you again for your interest!

At Teracore, we support, depend and thrive on differences for the benefit of our associates and customers. Teracore is an equal opportunity employer. Employment decisions are based solely on a person's merit and professional qualifications directly related to job competence. Teracore does not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, creed, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, sensory, physical or mental disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding), or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws pertaining to nondiscrimination and equal opportunity."	11192	Washington
Contractual QA Specialist (CD Products) - ITD	International Monetary Fund	Washington, DC 20431 (Brentwood area)	None	"Work for the IMF. Work for the World.
Job Summary
The IT Department of the IMF has a vacancy of a QA Specialist (CD Products). This is a one-year contractual appointment. Contractual appointments at the IMF are renewable for up to four years of cumulative contractual service, pending incumbent's performance, budget availability and continuous business need.
The QA Specialist reports to the QA/Testing Center of Excellence (CoE) and is a member of product family teams – this position works with our Capacity Development, Surveillance, Strategic Planning & Membership product family. QA/Testing CoE provides leadership, best practices, research, tools, support and training in the QA and testing area - as well as ensuring independent review, validation and testing in the delivery for the products.
The QA Specialist will provide guidance and mentorship in Quality Assurance (QA) practices as a member of the QA & Testing CoE.
Provides Quality Assurance services to a product family team as an embedded team member with knowledge of the work being done in the product team, the requirements, use cases, etc.
Validates the deliverables and the related processes to ensure a high-quality solution that meets the objectives and goals of the product/project
Develops and maintains SDLC standards covering Waterfall and Agile methodologies along with DevSecOps automation framework
Major Duties and Responsibilities
1. Collaborates with product team members to create a Quality Assurance Plan for each product/project. Recommends updates to the Quality Assurance Plan to ensure the desired outcomes.
2. Develops and maintains SDLC standards and guidelines covering requirements, design, development, system testing, UAT, and implementation to support Waterfall, Agile, and Hybrid methodologies for SaaS, COTS, and Custom applications.
3. Coordinates with Business Analysts, Systems Engineers and other stakeholders to define acceptance criteria to be followed for each release of the product/project.
4. Participates in solutions and technical meetings and provides inputs for the requirements and design to ensure compliance with acceptance criteria and quality standards.
5. Conducts end-to-end stage gate reviews for capital projects and enhancements to ensure completeness of deliverables and improve process adoption.
6. Develops and implements QA problem reporting and defect reduction programs and ensures that recorded compliance issues are resolved and corrected.
7. Documents and records all reviews and audits performed, analyzes deficiencies and provides recommendations to the project manager on a regular basis and on-demand.
8. Provides leadership, guidance, and direction in design, development, and implementation of DevSecOps automation covering continuous planning, integration, deployment, testing and monitoring.
9. Assists various stakeholders in the process of improving production processes, QC processes, or any other aspects of the resources/solutions that need improvement.
10. Researches, recommends, and introduces tools and quality assurance/test methodologies as needed with the goal of improving Quality Assurance standards and increasing automation.
11. Encourages adoption of automated testing strategies and toolsets into overall development processes that supports and continuously enhances the current Quality Assurance processes.
12. Uses appropriate measures and KPIs to validate and report on software quality.
13. Works closely with the software engineering team, product management and technical operations as well as business users and senior management, as required.
14. Coaches and/or mentors QA team members as well as managing outcomes from QA/Testing Service Providers.
15. Partners across various teams to help the quality and testing transformation.
16. Defines and implements enterprise release management process and quality gates for application enhancement requests.
17. Conducts maturity assessment of production applications and plans for addressing the findings to improve maturity and quality of the applications.
Department:
ITDAI CE Information Technology Department Immediate Office Centers of Excellence Unit
Hiring For:
A11, A12
The IMF is committed to achieving a diverse staff, including gender, nationality, culture, and educational background."	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager	E-INFOSOL LLC	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	None	"E-INFOSOL is seeking a IT Project Manager to support a contract in the Chantilly, Virginia area.
Job Description
The IT Project Manager will:
Provide technical leadership, demonstrated through leading meetings such as scrums, team meetings, and customer briefs, reporting of team status, identifying risks.
Supports a technology and innovation office, Agency stakeholders and program management
Research and document user profiles, analysis tasks, workflows, and user scenarios.
Collect and document user requirements.
Create user interface design specifications.
Work closely with product designers and process engineers developing applications.
Oversee usability testing.
Design and develop user surveys to obtain user feedback.
Work directly with high level clients requiring
Requirements
ClearanceActive Top-Secret clearance
Minimum Education PreferredBachelor’s degree, or higher, in an IT technical field or business
Minimum Experience Required
5 + years of experience in IT Project Management or Technical Lead position
10+ years of IT related experience
PMP certification highly preferred
Shall have the ability to design desirable user interfaces that meets the users’ needs and taste
Has experience with task management via JIRA and supporting software development efforts.
Excellent Communications Skill
Exceptional Presentation Skills
Understands Cloud Technologies (e.g., AWS, Azure)
About E-INFOSOL:
E-INFOSOL is a Service Disabled and Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. We are a premiere IT Security, Cloud and Virtualization provider servicing both federal and state government, and private sector customers. Through strategic partnerships with top industry players such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), VMware, Microsoft and Nutanix, we are able to provide an array of IT products and solutions, combining them with our expertise.
Why E-INFOSOL:
E-INFOSOL has 10 years in the digital world expanding with new clientele and jobs rapidly. E-INFOSOL is constantly aware of, technical changes within IT and wants to ensure future candidates can make a difference with contributing their different skills and knowledge. We offer an array of architectural, engineering, and information technological jobs to a diverse group of candidates. Come join the E-INFOSOL family and be a part of the vast growing culture that contributes to the world."	11192	Washington
Project Manager I	M. A. Mortenson Company	Fort Meade, MD	None	"Overview
Mortenson’s success is not a matter of luck; it’s a result of our ingenuity, expertise, and exceptional people coupled with our unparalleled focus on customer service.
Our foundation and culture are based upon our values of trust, safety, teamwork, responsibility, service and stewardship. We are inspired by a compelling purpose to build structures and facilities for the advancement of modern society and a mission to create an exceptional customer experience. Mortenson has built a reputation for being a leader in our industry and in the communities in which we live and work.
It all starts with our extraordinary people and collaborative teams. Mortenson has been voted a ""best place to work"" over 40 times since 2002…
…What are you waiting for?
The Big Picture:
Do you enjoy creating and fostering a culture of extraordinary service to customers? Do you have the aptitude to anticipate problems, critical issues and opportunities as they arise? Can you creatively problem solve and bring together inventive solutions? Then, join the team committed to crafting inspiring spaces and developing new ways to build.
Mortenson is currently seeking an experienced Project Manager with the ability to engage with a variety of staff at all levels in an ever-changing environment, remaining flexible, resourceful, enthusiastic and efficient with a high level of professionalism and confidentiality. As a Project Manager, you will provide overall leadership direction to a project; including the management of project quality, timeliness, safety, as well as mentoring the project team.
Must be a US Citizen for this role.
Responsibilities
What will you be doing?
Organization, flexibility, excellent customer focus and strong communication are critical in performing duties which include, but are not limited to:
Manage the overall financial health of projects
Develop and maintain project financial projections and equipment projections
Allocate project estimate into financial system
Identify cost codes, approve invoices, and make necessary budget management decisions
Provide financials and billings to Accounting for timely payment
Create monthly owner billings
Maintain budget for and make selections of trade partners and suppliers
Handle billings and contract management, including contract buyouts
Lead Assistant Project Manager(s) and Project Engineer(s)
Provide job assignments and facilitate career development
Approve time cards for on-site team members
Provide ongoing feedback of work performance
Function as the main point of contact with the owner and on-site representative
Assist with the review of the owner agreement
Resolve site concerns for the owner or representative
Provide frequent interactions and service to build positive relationships and future work opportunities
Execute change orders
Decide when to submit to the owner or on-site representatives
Obtain the customer/architect’s approval
Other responsibilities, including:
Maintain schedule and budget until project completion
Provide high level management of quality, risk, safety, and compliance for the project and team members"	11192	Washington
COMMUNITY PLANNER	Government of the District of Columbia	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Waterfront area)	$112,111 - $144,439 a year	"The position is in the Office of Planning (OP), Community Planning and Design Division. OP is tasked with planning for the long-term growth of the District of Columbia (D.C.) to help ensure it reflects our values of an inclusive and vibrant city, where all District residents can thrive, regardless of income, race, age, or background. OP guides development in D.C.’s distinctive neighborhoods by engaging stakeholders and residents, performing research and analysis, serving as the steward of our historic resources, and publishing various planning documents, including the Comprehensive Plan. Within OP, the Neighborhood Planning Division has five main areas of responsibilities which shape the future development and revitalization of the District's neighborhoods namely, developing small area plans and planning studies, coordinating, and tracking plan implementation: participating in citywide planning initiatives that have a neighborhood impact. Monitoring and reviewing development projects; and acting as a liaison to elected officials and community stakeholders on land use, development, and planning issues. This position is an advanced professional level within the division and has corresponding technical expertise and administrative responsibilities in all five of these areas. The Neighborhood Planning Division includes planners assigned to each ward of the District to work in collaboration with Advisory Neighborhood Commissions, citizen associations, and residents, businesses, elected officials, and District agencies.
Duties and Responsibilities
The incumbent will perform advanced professional planning activities for major multi-phased projects, which include authoritative technical and policy analysis, vision, and goat setting, and specific recommendations/implementation plan development. Identifies critical planning issues, conducting detailed analyses of redevelopment and revitalization opportunities, leading a participatory public engagement process, and managing a team of internal planners or external consultants. Serves as the project manager for advanced planning activities with responsibilities that include developing scopes of work, project work plans, and schedules; coordinating all phases of the assigned project's procurement process; and serving as the contracting officer's technical representative. Coordinates and reviews project team analysis, field work, research, and reports relative to the assigned study/project for consistency with District planning objectives, policy, and office standards. Prepares draft and final reports, studies and analysis which address planning issues and problems throughout the city or in the wards, subareas, neighborhoods, or about specific development projects. Helps prepare or directs the preparation of maps, graphs, charts, and other graphics related to the presentation of city, ward and neighborhood studies and plans. Participates in the plan legislative approval process by drafting key documents, identifying hearing witnesses and participating in the Council hearing process. Serves as principal liaison between public and private sectors, the community and neighborhood groups for planning activities. Develops community engagement strategies to ensure an inclusive, multi-stakeholder process; evaluates public support for project plans; and develops public relations approaches to galvanize support or address resistance.
The incumbent will lead the implementation activities for applicable plans or studies within the Ward. Facilitates communication with implementers, develops and executes work plans for specific implementation tasks, and develops materials, reports, graphics, and other documentation to assist in stakeholder communication. Coordinates with the Development Review Division on the development proposals, zoning proposals, and other land use/zoning issues that impact the Ward, neighborhood, or specific subareas or sections. Reviews and comments on development proposals and plans of other District and Federal agencies. Coordinates with other District agencies and regional bodies involving various functional systems and planning concerns as they affect the city, wards or specific subareas or sections. Participates in interagency and special project teams to review and comment on projects or proposals that impact the Ward, neighborhood, specific subareas, or sections. Provides authoritative input on recommendations, policies, and planning approaches to address important issues or concerns from the neighborhood planning perspective. Responds to telephone, email, and written public inquiries concerning planning and development activities according to established customer service standards. Mastery knowledge of pertinent District and Federal laws, codes, regulations, and practices regarding planning, zoning, development, building, and redevelopment.
Qualifications and Education
Degree: community planning; or related field such as urban affairs, architecture, landscape architecture, engineering, sociology, geography, economics, political science, or public administration that included at least 12 semester hours in the planning process, socioeconomic and physical elements of planning, urban and regional economic analysis, and development finance.
or
Combination of education and experience
and
Specialized Experience: Specialized experience is experience which is directly related to the position and has equipped the individual with the knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. To be creditable, the incumbent must possess at least one (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level in the normal line of progression.
Licenses and Certifications
None
Working Conditions/Environment
Work is performed in an office setting.
Other Significant Facts
Tour of Duty: Monday- Friday 8:30 am- 5:00pm
Pay Plan, Series and Grade: CS-0020-14
Promotion Potential: No known promotion potential
Collective Bargaining Unit (Union): This position is covered under a collective bargaining unit AFGE Local 3871, and you may be required to pay union dues through direct payroll deduction.
EEO Statement: The District of Columbia Government is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, matriculation, physical handicap, or political affiliation."	11192	Washington
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM MANAGER	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA	$99,195 - $151,486 a year	"Position Information
This is an exciting opportunity for a strategic IT professional to lead a unit in the strategic implementation of a portfolio of IT programs and projects with a significant impact on public works operations.

The Department of Environmental Services (DES) is seeking a senior level professional to be responsible for managing a multi-faceted technology portfolio that includes programs and systems with complex requirements and business changes. The IT Program Manager will supervise a team that provides business analysis support to a diverse array of public works programs and operations.

 Specific duties include:
Leading the planning, implementation, development, and maintenance of software applications and technology upgrades;
Planning, implementing, and maintaining software applications to support DES business;
Leading business analyst and stakeholders in the development of technology solutions to complex, multifaceted problems;
Managing the integration of data from a variety of sources, including systems of partner agencies;
Coordinating with vendors and the Department of Technology Services (DTS) on issues related to procurement and technology standards;
Serving on departmental, County-wide, or regional committees, taskforces and workgroups responsible for identifying issues and developing technology solutions for complex business processes;
Providing comprehensive advice and assistance to senior department management on issues having significant financial or other programmatic impact for the department or County; and
Providing technical leadership and critical problem solving to manage change within the organization and ensuring continuation of mission-critical technology services in specialty area.
The ideal candidate has expertise in information technology and management systems, operations, GIS integration, program/project management, technical writing, and management of IT integration.

For additional information about the Department of Environmental Services click here.
Selection Criteria
Minimum: Bachelor’s degree in Information Management/Computer Science, or related field and significant progressively responsible experience managing technology portfolio for a large agency.

Substitution: Additional qualifying experience may substitute for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis.

Desirable: Preference may be given to candidates with one or more of the following:
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification;
Program and project management experience, to include execution, standards, oversight, performance evaluation, technological integration, and process improvements;
Technical writing experience preparing and developing contracts and proposals and standardized program/project management processes;
Budget management experience overseeing an operating budget to include evaluating long and short-term financial, IT integration and human resource needs; and
Experience with deployment, training, and sustainment of operating department business applications, and integration with enterprise-wide legacy systems.
Special Requirements
Please attach a cover letter or use the space within the supplemental questionnaire that provides an overview of your experience in information technology and management systems and/or system change, program/project management, problem solving especially in business applications and integrations., Be sure to describe the type and size of the organization(s) in which you gained the relevant experience, your specific roles and responsibilities, the size of staff directly supervised, the size of the budget you managed, programs and projects managed and significant accomplishments.
Additional Information
Normal work hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. This position may be required to work outside of normal hours and during emergencies regardless of whether some or all County facilities are closed or programs and services are canceled.

Arlington County offers a competitive salary and a great benefits package including a Defined Benefit (pension) plan. For more information on Arlington’s family friendly benefits click here.

Please complete each section of the application, including the supplemental questionnaire. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Incomplete applications will not be considered.

The salary listed at the top of this announcement is for FY22, effective July 1, 2021.

NOTE: This position is listed as ""open continuous."" Interested applicants are advised to submit their applications as soon as possible. Applications will be reviewed and qualified applicants referred on a continuous basis. Interviews will be conducted on a regular basis throughout the recruitment with candidates whose qualifications best fit our needs. If your application is received later in the recruitment process, it may not be reviewed or considered. The application process will close when the position has been filled or when a sufficient number of qualified applications have been received."	11192	Washington
I.T. Manager	SemaConnect Inc.	Bowie, MD 20715	None	"Overview:

SemaConnect is the leading provider of electric vehicle charging solutions to the North American commercial and residential property market. A complete EV support partner, SemaConnect delivers a truly modern property experience through innovative, elegantly designed charging stations and a robust and open network. The company has helped maximize property value and appeal through thousands of successful Class A deployments since its founding in 2008, for companies like CBRE, JLL, Hines, Greystar, Cisco Systems, and Standard Parking. SemaConnect remains the preferred charging solutions partner to municipal, parking, multifamily, hotel, office and retail customers across the United States and Canada.
Responsibilities:

The I.T. Manager is a key role in supporting our business technology infrastructure. This position will coordinate and execute activities which provide support to all employees using technology to perform their jobs. The primary responsibility for this role is supporting IT initiatives which enhance performance, enforce IT security, and maintain system availability to the entire organization.
Responsibilities
Manage all I.T. internal projects to include: network, desktops, laptops, and data security
Assist in all desktop, and network support activities to include identifying, researching, referring, and resolving issues as they are presented. These issues will include, but are not limited to, network connectivity, IT security response, desktop support, system installation and configuration, application support, etc.
Responsible for responding to user requests for approved hardware, software, and service changes.
Responsibility to make recommendations regarding upgrades, system shutdown, administrative responsibility for user access or revoking system privileges especially in the event of security issues.
Responsible and accountable for collecting and maintaining asset information.
Identifying, prioritizing, and resolving reported problems, solving routine software, hardware, and procedure problems using appropriate resources including but not limited to computer, Internet, and manuals.
Collaborating with stakeholders to determine requirements for new or modified software and hardware, and will install new hardware and software as required, including system
updates and patches. Investigate Mobil Device Management software as a possible resource.
Qualifications:
Degree (Information Systems Management preferred) or Certification and 5+ years’ experience in managing I.T. infrastructure
Ability to work independently and proactively.
Working knowledge of LAN and WAN environments
Exposure to wireless routing and access points
Exposure to mobile device support, for desktop and laptops.
Good communication skills, both written and verbal.
Windows 10, Mac OS, Linux OS and Cloud Storage Administration.
Exposure to Office 365 administration is a PLUS.
Exposure to iOS applications."	11192	Washington
Program Manager	US Office of Personnel Management	Washington, DC 20415 (Foggy Bottom area)	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
As a Program Manager at the GS-0340-15, you will be part of Human Capital Data Mgmt and Modernization, Office of Personnel Management. If selected, you will be responsible for the effective management of multiple components including the planning, management, and evaluation of the electronic Official Personnel Folder (eOPF) technology platform; and delivering excellent customer service and training to its customers (federal agencies).
Responsibilities
Consults with leadership and key stakeholders on formulation and implementation of organizational operating policies and plans to support the digital modernization journey and improve the delivery of core programmatic services across the government.
Leads planning, program activities and performance management for all aspects of the eOPF program, including short- and long-range strategic plans to achieve goals consistent with OPM?s strategic plan.
Analyzes eOPF programs and recommends resource allocations and funding agreements for services.
Directs establishment of management/internal control systems to ensure resources are safeguarded, promote ethical practices, encourage individual integrity, and adhere to OPM?s values.
Establishes and maintains contacts and relationships with Federal agencies, Congressional staff, and other organizations concerned with implementation and maintenance of electronic official personnel records, systems and services.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0340 Program Management
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a U.S. Citizen or National
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service
Suitable for Federal employment, determined by a background investigation
May be required to successfully complete a probationary period
Complete the initial online assessment and USAHire Assessment, if required
Qualifications
For the GS-15: You must have at least one year of specialized experience comparable in scope and responsibility to the GS-14 grade level (obtained either in the private or public sectors) in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization, performing ALL of the following:

(1) Demonstrated skill in managing a Human Resource (HR) information program for large, complex agencies or organizations that utilize technology to deliver critical services.

(2) Experience in executing cross-functional projects to solve business problems and improve business operations.

(3) Demonstrated experience in organizational change management.

(4) Ability to communicate both orally and in writing to a variety of audiences, to explain programs, functions, and activities to gain buy in to the program's strategic plan, modernization activities, project planning, and customer requirements.

This must be clearly described in your resume.

Merit promotion applicants must meet time-in-grade requirement as defined in 5 CFR 300, Subpart F. One year at the GS-14 level is required to meet the time-in-grade requirements for the GS-15 level.

You must meet all qualification and eligibility requirements within 30 days of the closing date of this announcement.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
Education is not substitutable for the required specialized experience at this grade level.
Additional information
Relocation expenses will not be paid. Current OPM employees may qualify as an exception.

This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional similar vacancies across OPM.

Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA): To be eligible for a VEOA appointment under Merit Promotion procedures, the veteran must be a preference eligible or a veteran separated after 3 years or more of continuous active service performed under honorable conditions.

Noncompetitive Appointment Authorities: For more information on noncompetitive appointment authority eligibility
requirements visit the following websites:

Persons with Disabilities-Schedule A
Special Hiring Authorities for Veterans
Special Hiring Authority for Certain Military Spouses
Other Special Appointment Authorities
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service (see https://www.sss.gov/Home/Registration)

Reasonable Accommodation Requests: If you believe you have a disability (i.e., physical or mental), covered by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 as amended and Americans with Disabilities Act 1990 as amended, that would interfere with completing the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, you will be granted the opportunity to request a reasonable accommodation in your online application. Requests for Reasonable Accommodations for the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments and appropriate supporting documentation for Reasonable Accommodation must be received prior to starting the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. Decisions on requests for Reasonable Accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis. If you meet the minimum qualifications of the position, after notification of the adjudication of your request, you will receive an email invitation to complete the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. You must complete all assessments within 48 hours of receiving the URL to access the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, if you received the link after the close of the announcement. To determine if you need a Reasonable Accommodation, please review the Procedures for Requesting a Reasonable Accommodation for Online Assessments here: https://help.usastaffing.gov/Apply/index.php?title=Reasonable_Accommodations_for_USA_Hire


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the application process is complete, your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified for this job, your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your responses on the Occupational Questionnaire. If you rate yourself higher than is supported by your application materials, your responses may be adjusted and/or you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies(knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics):

Customer Service
Leadership
Performance Management
Strategic Management
Accountability
Developing Others
Interpersonal Skills
Strategic Thinking
In order to be considered for this position, you must complete all required steps in the process. In addition to the application and application questionnaire, this position requires an online assessment. The online assessment measures critical general competencies required to perform the job.

All qualified Non Competitive applicants and the best qualified Merit Promotion applicants will be referred to the hiring manager for consideration.

Career Transition Assistance Programs: These programs apply to employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service or Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet CTAP or ICTAP eligibility criteria; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position with a score of 85 or above based on the competencies listed above; and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your CTAP or ICTAP eligibility. For more information visit: http://www.opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Critical-Sensitive (CS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes:

Your Resume listing work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment and duties performed.
Other supporting documents:
Cover Letter, optional
If you are requesting a reasonable accommodation to the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, submit documentation to support your request including the Reasonable Accommodation Request Form found here.
Your most recent Promotion, Within Rate Increase (WRI/WGI), or Appointment/Conversion SF-50 or Notification of Personnel Action (if applying as a current or former Federal Employee) showing you are/were in the competitive service and the highest grade or promotion potential held.
Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable
Career Transition Assistance Program/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program Documentation, if applicable (e.g. Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed Removal; SF-50 that documents the RIF separation action; and most recent performance appraisal.)
Worker's Compensation Separation: Agency certification of inability to place employee AND Notification of Separation OR Separation SF-50.
Disability Annuity Termination: Notification from OPM of disability annuity termination AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held.
Military Reserve or National Guard Technician Special Disability Retirement Annuity under 5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456: Certification of special disability retirement annuity from a military department or National Guard Bureau AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held
Veterans Employment Opportunity Act, Veterans Recruitment Appointment, and 30% Disabled Veteran Eligible: DD-214, SF-15 Form and VA letter, or certification of expected discharge or release from active duty under honorable conditions within 120 days
Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities Appointment Eligibles: Schedule A letter from a physician, local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing your eligibility under 5 CFR 213.3102 (u).
Certain Family Members Eligible under E.O. 12721: Your most recent non-award SF-50 and performance appraisal.
Certain Military Spouses Eligible under E.O. 13473: Permanent Change of Station (PCS) orders, that lists you as authorized to accompany the Military member to the new duty permanent station; OR verification of the member's 100% disability (VA Letter); and/or verification of the member's death while on active duty (DD-1300 and Death Certificate) AND verification of the marriage to the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation verifying marriage).
Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems Eligible: Documentation of eligibility as listed in each individual interchange agreement.
Failure to submit any of the above mentioned required documents may result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Veterans"	11192	Washington
Project Manager (Web & Digital)	Taoti	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	Taoti Creative is looking for a mid- to senior level, PROJECT MANAGER* to manage web & digital projects.*_(Sorry in advance for the long read. But this is your career we’re talking about here! It’s worth the extra detail, right? The right fit is critical for both of our sakes, so please forgive us in advance for the verbosity.)_*Now, about the job…*Your job, fundamentally, is to be the project leader and use your wits, brains, creativity, innovation, and any resources available to you to produce great projects and happy clients. You’re the project’s champion who makes it happen. Granted, every project has issues. Maybe that new sales guy undersold it. Maybe the dev team spent all their time watching webinars on how to code instead of actually coding. Maybe the client is simply impossible. Whatever the challenges, it’s your job to deal with the curveballs. (Which is not to say that you have to be responsible for fixing all of them. Some things are beyond your control. But as they say: you need the serenity to accept the things you cannot change, the courage to change the things you can, and the wisdom to know the difference.) There is of course all the typical PM stuff… scopes, schedules, budgets, client communications, etc. These are underappreciated, but important parts of the job. But the PM role at Taoti is far more strategic than at most agencies. Our PMs are the project heroes—the people who dig in, call the plays, and then oversee execution. You have a lot of control of the destiny of the project. You have a lot (some would argue too much) autonomy to just figure things out as you see best using our three core principles as your guiding light: Quality, Innovation, Service and Teamwork. You have access to a “QIST Fund” to do stuff that is ‘out of scope’ but helps move the needle for our clients. That is to say, while you do have dedicated designers and strategists on your team, there’s still the smaller, every day decisions that govern how the project go. Those calls are yours to make. And those are critical… like raising a kid, success doesn’t come in big milestone moments with a lot of fanfare. But constant attention, slight corrective actions, and ongoing encouragement—that’s how you succeed.*Note: * this role is for a full time position, but we are happy to consider applicants anywhere in the United States.*The challenges of this role…*Taoti puts out creative work that can go head to head with the biggest and best creative agencies in the world. But we’re doing so with a ~70 person team. So we need to be lean, efficient, and leverage our inner scrappiness to get the job done with fewer resources than what some of the big boys would throw at a project. So that often means wearing multiple hats and pitching in with production resources like UX, creative, IA, devs, etc. We’re not saying you have to be creating designs or banging out code. But you will have a lot of direct exposure to a lot of that stuff, and you’ll learn a lot about those trades—to the point where you can start thinking like some of them. And that’s a good thing.*Is there room for career growth?*That’s one of the best parts about this role, specifically at Taoti. In a larger shop, the project management hierarchy is usually large, layered, and not-so-flexible. Or at a smaller shop, you may have lots of flexibility, but not enough of a team to really benefit from true collaboration. Taoti is the Goldilocks of creative agencies. We have enough structure so that you understand what the team looks like and where you fit in. But we’re small and agile enough to let employees carve out new roles and niches where it makes sense to do so. Our teams and roles are constantly evolving as the team grows, so if you want to grow into a role that doesn’t exist, you can help create it! Our growth rate alone (targeted at 50% this year) means that the team will keep growing, which means we’ll be hiring additional people across all departments. And our hiring philosophy is all about hiring the next wave of employees that best supports the existing team. In other words, we grow the team around what we already have—not according to some org chart or spreadsheet. So career paths are not rigid and finite. We have a history of shaking things up, making rather bold HR moves, and adapting our hiring processes (as well as the roles of our existing employees) in a way that makes strategic sense for the employee and the company. For example, our VP of sales is now in charge of delivery. A previous creative director ended up mostly in sales. And we’ve created all sorts of new roles for new hires for positions that didn’t exist before, in some cases, creating whole new realms within our team structure. The point is that we’re committed to doing whatever makes the most sense and are agile enough to get away with it. So your career trajectory has far more to do with your own aptitude and initiative than it does with an org chart or who’s above you.*Tips for getting onto the short list…*Stand out. When you apply, make an impression.Even though we’re a full service agency, we do more than our fair share of web development. So experience with Drupal and/or Wordpress is a HUGE plus. If you’ve got it, tell us about it!Show—don’t tell—us how great you are.We can tell a lot by the documents someone creates. Doesn’t matter what it is, but we’d love to see some documents you’ve put together.Talk to us about your favorite tools.Give us some insight into your general PM philosophies.Tell us why you want to work at Taoti, specifically. And what was wrong with your last gig that makes you want to leave?Show us your passion and energy. We like passion and energy.First, a quick blurb about Taoti…Established in 1996, Taoti Creative is a boutique, full-service creative agency located on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC. We are privately owned and have no corporate overloads (nothing personal, WPP.) We do stuff like web development, social media management, branding, experiential marketing, video, AR/VR, etc. Our mission is to ‘move the needle’ for our clients. We leverage technology, creativity, and innovation to generate meaningful and measurable results for our clients—that’s what drives us. Speaking of clients, they’re about 60% non-profits, 20% commercial, and 20% federal government. Some of our customers include World Bank, USAID, DC Water, Discovery Education, American Chemical Society, Jane Goodall Foundation, and dozens of ‘National Association of _____________,’ etc. Our full time team of about 75 employees is about 65% in-house and 35% remote. We hail from over 15 countries. And for the last four years in a row, we’ve made the Inc5000 list of fastest growing companies in the United States. There’s of course plenty of additional information on our website. If you’ve not done so already, be sure to check out our culture video: https://vimeo.com/289302105. Or if you’re feeling virtual, here’s guided tour of the office in 360 video! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7KkzdmSGTM (Warning: not suitable for printers.)*What’s the corporate culture like?*“Fun but focused,” as one Taoti put it, is a great way to sum up our culture. We’re a fun and casual shop. The kind of place where you can wear whatever, come and go as you please, and have autonomy over your own day for the most part. But we take the work seriously and believe deep in the mission to make meaningful and measurable impacts for our clients. All the perks and shenanigans and borderline irreverent tone are fun, but to really fit in here, you need to be about the work.We believe in something we call our “QIST Culture.” Quality. Innovation. Service. And Teamwork. We are always striving to improve these four areas (to the extent that we have a fund of a quarter million dollars per year that anyone can spend from in the interest of going above and beyond towards any of these four values.We also believe in total transparency and open communication across teams and across ranks. Instead of chain-of-command, we want everyone to have and share their own voice. Every other Thursday, the CEO holds ‘CafeClutch’ just so he can hear ideas and feedback directly from the team instead of through the filter of management.Want to see what life at Taoti looks like? Check out our Instagram or ‘about us’ video. There’s even a 360 tour of the office.*What about benefits?**(Some of these may vary based on location and working status.)*3 weeks PTO for starters. You gain more with tenure. And if you’re really big in to PTO, you can even trade back some salary for more.Telework options (which work like PTO… you accrue days with each paycheck. TELE days increase with tenure as well. By your fourth year, we don’t even count them any more.)100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance. (50% for qualifying dependents.) And we have good insurance.Paid family leave for men and women (including PTO plus short and long term disability options.)3% retirement plan matching (plus access to a financial adviser).Home buyer help (including a $1200 closing credit)Mobile phone reimbursementYou can opt for a company-supplied PC or Mac laptop. Or if you want to use your own, we’ll reimburse you for it.Charitable contribution matchingTax-free metro benefitsA sincere respect for work/life balanceMoney and time off allocated for professional development (also increases with tenure)A diverse team hailing from over 15 countries last time we checkedA very hip/cool/funky/quirky office space on Barracks Row, in the heart of Capitol Hill. Just 2 blocks from the metro! (With the office space doubling in size next year as we build a new building in the parking lot next door to our building.)Fun perks like a roof deck, wine/beer always on tap, regular company boat outings (boat is walking distance from the office), chill work environment, etc.No real dress code (within reason, as long as you can be an adult about getting dressed for work)Annual global retreat (where we bring the whole team together for fun, games, and teamwork)Of course, the above is a quick list. Our handbook covers all the gory details.*Next steps…*If you’re qualified and interested, please apply on our website (https://www.taoti.com/careers.) Please note that these job ads often get placed onto other websites with their own application systems (we’re looking at you Jooble!) and some sites (looking at you Indeed!) have made up random salary ranges. We aren't able to respond to applications that don’t come through our own website (Because we use software to manage our hiring process, and without it, it would be the wild west here. So please be sure you’re applying on our website.)*Equal Opportunity Employer*Great ideas happen when diverse perspectives come together. Those perspectives are Taoti’s secret sauce. So building a diverse team and culture where everyone has a voice and is included in the process is not just the right thing to do. It’s good for business. We’d love your own perspective to add to our mix! We're eager for new, diverse voices to join the team and sincerely hope people from every walk of life will apply!*_Pretty please, no recruiters._*Job Type: Full-time	11192	Washington
Assistant, Individual Campaigns	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity. We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community. Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Salary: $41,600

Job Description

The Major Gifts and Leadership Campaigns seeks a dynamic self-starter who is energized by learning new skills, managing database projects, and expanding upon a passion for the arts and non-profits. The Assistant, Individual Campaigns assists the Manager of Major Gifts and the Director of Major Gifts and Leadership Campaigns in the planning, coordination, and execution of the Major Gifts Campaign (gifts of $50,000+) and the Kennedy Center International Committee for the Arts. The incumbent also provides administrative support for the Manager of National Advancement on the Kennedy Center’s Presidentially-appointed Board of Trustees and Advisory Committee. This includes critical direct and indirect donor stewardship; strategic donor outreach projects like email communications, acknowledgements, progress reports; research, mailings, benefits fulfillment, and database management. The incumbent manages his/her time, resources, and work load to maximize productivity and financial results; exercises discretion; evaluates complex internal and external relationships; and regularly takes initiative to fulfill department objectives and goals. This position works in tandem with an Assistant Manager of Leadership Campaigns and the Circles team.
Duties and Responsibilities

100% Provide support to the Manager of Major Gifts, Manager of National Advancement, and the Director of Major Gifts and Leadership Campaigns for all tasks surrounding the funding interests of 200+ donors in the Managers’ portfolios, as well as other and high-demand special campaigns, endowment, and events:

Drafting and editing all types of written materials (solicitations, acknowledgments, notes, research briefings, tax receipts, etc.) of varying length and complexity;
Identifying creative and bespoke gifts for donors as they relate to Kennedy Center milestones or personal donor milestones;
Accurately tracking progress, ensuring completion of action items from initial discovery through acquisition, and reporting Fund progress to Managers and Director;
Actively stewarding Major donors and their respective teams through direct contact via phone, email, in-person, and written communication and fulfilling donor benefits;
Managing Major donor ticket requests and pertinent event details for the Kennedy Center Honors, in addition to several other major fundraising events each season;
Working at major events or greeting donors at performances;
Assisting in the development of materials for Committee meetings throughout the year;

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree is preferred, but not required.
Minimum of one year of development or related office experience required.
Working knowledge of the performing arts is preferred.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Professional demeanor with strong interpersonal skills and superior written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent research and analytical skills.
Self-starter with the confidence to work without close supervision, in addition to the ability to work independently on multiple projects simultaneously.
Must possess the openness and flexibility to handle challenging situations calmly and quickly.
Careful attention to detail with an awareness of standard accounting procedures.
Ability to foresee development needs and possesses the openness to work with departments across the institution.
Ability to deftly manage many relationships and personality types - both internal among staff members, and external among constituents.
Experience with Tessitura is preferred, but any exposure to research tools is ideal.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is minimal, however attendance at major fundraising events and performances is required. In those conditions, the noise level is very loud. Travel up to 5% may be required, predominately local.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a matching 403(b) Retirement Plan (employees are eligible for organization match after 1 year of employment)."	11192	Washington
Office Manager	Eutelsat America Corp	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	$31,962 - $90,000 a year	Position DescriptionPosition: Office ManagerReports to: Chief Executive OfficerDepartment: ExecutiveClassification: ExemptPosition SummaryManages EAC office operations including mail services, requisition and organization of office supplies and office equipment. Maintains facility appearance and interacts with property management company on a regular basis. Provides IT, accounting and administrative support cross functionally as requested. Will develop, coordinate, and communicategeneral office procedures and facility updates, assist with meeting and travel logistics for EAC staff, Board of Directors and visitors. Assist with event planning.Position Functions and ResponsibilitiesTo perform this job successfully, each essential duty and responsibility must be performed satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable an individual with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Other duties may be assigned to meet business needs.Essential Functions and ResponsibilitiesManage the day-to-day office operations and front desk area; prepare visit requests, check-in visitors, mail collection and distribution with frequent interface with the delivery personnel, property management company, business service providers, on-site security and garage staffOversee the maintenance of all office equipment, order and stock supplies and maintain inventory; maintain EAC’s common areas (kitchen, supply closets, meeting rooms etc.)Work directly with external and internal resources for, office repairs, deliveries, catering, travel, and other staff and event needs.Process administrative payables and receivables, secure invoice approvals and provide document administration and control support to finance group (file month end documents on SharePoint; assist with audit document collections as needed), process monthly expense report for office expenditures.Provide assistance in managing IT processes, monitor and manage help desk tickets and onsite patching and maintenance processes with external vendor, manage IT equipment and software inventory including vendor selection, ordering, managing the life-cycle, scheduling of remote and on-site maintenance and upgrades, and decommissioning of the corporate equipment pool.Development of documentation and operating instructions for IT procedures and provide supplemental basic on-site IT support.Coordinate and schedule staff, Board of Director, and client meetings; coordinate use of office facilities and special internal company events; assist other departments with industry events such as trade shows, travel arrangements and coordination as requestedWork cross functionally to assist the CEO and other departments (Legal, Sales, Engineering, Finance, IT, Marketing) with administrative support and requestsProvide assistance to remote sales staff for presentations, equipment, infrastructure changes, and order processing.Assist with maintenance of company master calendar and preparation of Board briefing document and staff presentations.Assist with the onboarding and offboarding of new staff members.Secondary Functions and ResponsibilitiesCommunicate regularly with staff regarding facility and building security notices and updatesAssist the Facility Security Officer (FSO), Emergency Response Committee, and the EAC Fire Warden with on-site facility safety protocols, procedures, and communication. Manage information and keep a record/filing system related to the company and vendors accurate and up to dateManage the organizational chart and phone listsExecute special projects as neededKnowledge, Skills and AbilitiesKnowledgeable of general office management best practices and basic accounting principalsProficient in Microsoft Office products including Word, Excel, and PowerPointPrevious experience with SharePoint and/or other project management or financial databases is preferredPrefer individual with an active Security Clearance and or the ability to obtain one * Self-directed and demonstrates initiative and resourcefulness to problem-solveExcellent verbal, writing, and communication skillsDemonstrated organizational acumen to maintain physical inventories as well as technical dataAbility to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlinesCollaborative team player who can work cooperatively with a wide variety of internal and external staff and resourcesEducation:College degree or equivalent office management/administrative experienceExperience:3 to 5 years’ experience in an office management or high level executive assistant position requiredPrevious facility and purchasing experience preferredExperience managing IT and office functions in a fast-paced environmentWorking Conditions/Physical Requirements:Normal sitting and standing activities for an office environment.To ApplySend an email with the position title in the subject line and include your resume, a cover letter, and your minimum salary requirement. Eutelsat America Corp is an Equal Opportunity Employer.This position description should not be construed to imply that the requirements are the sole standards for the position. Incumbents are expected to perform all other duties as required. Please sign below to acknowledge receipt of position description and responsibility for reviewing this document.EAC does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship status, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions, and a woman's right to breastfeed), disability (physical or mental), age (18 and older), genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, matriculation, family responsibilities, personal appearance, political affiliation, marital status, veteran or military status, tobacco use, credit information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.Job Type: Full-timePay: $31,962.00 - $90,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offParental leaveRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:IT administration: 3 years (Preferred)Microsoft Office: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11192	Washington
Program Manager	One Federal Solution	Washington, DC 20520 (Foggy Bottom area)	$77,005 - $172,156 a year	OFS is looking for a Program Manager to support a facility management contract for the Office of Logistics Management at the Department of State. The program manager will be responsible for directing and overseeing the execution of all activities for this contract and for the site. The right candidate should have at least two years of recent experience with facility management including electrical and/or mechanical services for large government sites.ResponsibilitiesPlan, direct, and coordinate activities to support facility and building managementPerform site manager functionsEnsure all activity is within compliance with the contractEnforce quality control processesManage contract staffManage staffing for all positions on the contractDevelop work plans, budgets, and timelines to meet all deliverablesPrepare status reports, surveys, documentation and inspections as neededBe the main point of contact with the government contracting officer.Required SkillsAt least five years of recent experience as a program manager on a facilities or logistics contractAt least two years of recent experience managing electrical or mechanical services for large government buildingsExperience with budgets, work plans, and managing deliverablesAt least five years of experience managing direct reportsAbility to multi-task and shift priorities as neededStrong experience with MS ProjectExperience working in the Department of StatePossess an active Secret clearanceDesired experience with the Office of Logistics for Department of StateWhy One Federal Solution?As an industry leader in providing government services, One Federal Solution (OFS) is a Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) whose primary mission is to provide the Federal government with outstanding services in the areas of Program Management, Information Technology Enterprise Management, Healthcare Administration and Test & Evaluation. OFS is resolute in our commitment to delivering unparalleled performance by simply listening to our customers and exceeding their expectations. We understand the government's infrastructure requirements and have aligned our business to offer consultation services to support the needs of our customers, offering end-to-end solutions that enable agencies to procure from a single, reliable sources.We exhibit pride and quality in our work and relationships, maintaining high ethical standards to achieve the goals of OFS. We uphold an uncompromising and steadfast adherence to honesty, truthfulness, and sincerity. We will uphold full loyalty to the company, showing pride as we strive to make it the best it can be. We value each individual and recognize their loyalty and contribution as being important to OFS' success. We treat everyone with the courtesy and respect they deserve. We vow to openly communicate with each other to foster an environment of trust. We are team leaders who apply our values to our customers, team members and each other.Job Type: Full-timePay: $77,005.00 - $172,156.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11192	Washington
Project Planning/Scheduling Engineer II	Cerner Corporation	Arlington, VA	None	"As a Project Planning/Scheduling Engineer II you will analyze proposals and contracts to identify project phases, forecast time and resource estimates and establish comprehensive master project schedules, considering appropriate sequencing of project phases and tasks, project dependencies and availability of funding and resources. This role will allow you to oversee assignment of project team members or third parties to specific phases or tasks, proactively partnering with manpower analysts and resource managers to understand resource requirements and ensure resource availability. You will monitor project team delivery against project schedules, ensuring work meets scope, schedule and budget commitments. In scope will be to review and approve changes to master project plans and schedules, analyze the operational, financial and contractual impacts and communicate to project team members and other stakeholders accordingly. You will provide regular updates to project leadership including overall schedule performance, operational trends and project risks and mitigation efforts. This role will allow you to conduct analysis on the operational, financial and contractual impacts of delays, changes or other disruptions to the project schedule and the broader project success. Finally, you will perform schedule risk assessments (SRAs) to identify potential project risks and implement corrective actions, escalating to project leadership as necessary.
Back to Description
Cerner Jobs and Careers
Additional Information
Virtual Eligible Job YES

Relocation Assistance Available for this Job: No

Qualifications
Basic Qualifications:
At least 6 years of total combined higher education and related work experience including:
At least 1 years of project/program management work experience
At least 5 years of higher education and/or additional work experience directly related to the duties of the job
Receipt of the appropriate government security clearance card applicable for your position
Due to the client contract you will be assigned, this position requires you to be a U.S. citizen

Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Business, Health Care, Information Technology
Experience developing schedules that meet the DCMA and GAO scheduling standards


Expectations:
Must be residing in or willing to relocate to an already virtually approved location, preferred location is Arlington, VA area
Must be willing to travel up to 10% as needed
Willing to work additional or irregular hours as needed and allowed by local regulations
Work in accordance with corporate and organizational security policies and procedures, understand personal role in safeguarding corporate and client assets, and take appropriate action to prevent and report any compromises of security within scope of position
Perform other responsibilities as assigned
Applicants for U.S.-based positions with Cerner must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.

Due to specific client contract requirements, this position requires that the successful candidate be a U.S. citizen. The client contract also requires receipt of the appropriate government security clearance card applicable for the position.

Some Cerner positions may be obligated to comply with client-facing requirements and occupational health requests, including but not limited to, an immunization set, an annual flu shot, an annual TB screen, an updated background check, and/or an updated drug screen.

Cerner is a place where people are encouraged to innovate with confidence and focus on what is important – people’s health and the care they receive. We are transforming health care by developing tools and technologies that make it more efficient for care providers and patients to navigate the complexity of our health. From single offices to entire countries, Cerner solutions are licensed at more than 25,000 facilities in over 35 countries.

Cerner’s policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Cerner is proud to be a drug-free workplace."	11192	Washington
Information Technology Project Manager	US Food Safety and Inspection Service	Washington, DC	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is in the Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO), Portfolio Governance Center (PGC), Program and Project Management Branch (PPMB). OCIO provides information technology planning and design, application development, systems administration, telecommunications, security, information management, and IT customer support services for FSIS. The PPMB implements procedures and processes to effectively and efficiently manage IT resources.
Responsibilities
Participates and leads Integrated Project Management Teams to control cost, time, scope, and quality of software application development efforts.
Leads multiple multimillion dollar projects to ensure business objectives are met and all requirements are met through deliverables.
Analyzes information systems requirements or environment.
Defines project scope, requirements, and deliverables.
Publicizes and gains support for the assigned project(s) by meeting with other FSIS officials and other interested parties.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position up to 5% of the time.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
Information Technology Project Managers
Officers, Chief Technology
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a US Citizen or US National.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be Selective Service registered or exempt.
Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check.
Successful completion of one year probationary period, unless previously served.
Direct Deposit - Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution.
Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit https://www.e-verify.gov/.
Shift work may be required.
May be required to work occasional weekends or holidays.
File a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report (OGE Form 450).
Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers (FAC-P/PM) at the Mid-level (Level II), along with a Federal Acquisition Certification for Contracting Officer's Representatives (FAC-COR) at Level II, within 24 months of employment.
Qualifications
Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date of the announcement, including time-in-grade restrictions, basic requirement, and specialized experience, as defined below.

TIME-IN-GRADE REQUIREMENTS: Merit promotion applicants must meet applicable time-in-grade requirements to be considered eligible. One year at the GS-12 is required to meet the time-in-grade requirements for the GS-13 level. (Must submit your SF-50 that shows Time-in-Grade eligibility and reflects your title, series, and grade.)

BASIC REQUIREMENT: Experience must be IT-related; the experience may be demonstrated by paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training (for example, IT certification), as appropriate. Individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below:
Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail;
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services;
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately; and
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

In addition to meeting the Basic Requirement above, applicants must also meet the Minimum Qualifications requirement below.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: To be considered minimally qualified for this position, you must demonstrate that you have the required specialized experience:
GS-13
Specialized Experience: You must have at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service that includes:
Managing execution of projects, including enterprise information technology (IT) projects, through application of project management concepts and techniques;
Utilizing Microsoft (MS) Office Suite (to include MS Project) for project management, contract cost analysis, schedule status, and status reporting;
Planning tasks that involve establishing objectives, justifications, schedules, milestones, and resource requirements and include a work breakdown structure that identifies development and procurement tasks, estimated duration, cost, and necessary resources to accomplish tasks;
Dealing with technical issues in agile development life cycle (ADLC) management, project management, and leading IT change;
Conducting risks analyses, and developing mitigating strategies and plans while implementing a systematic approach to release products, systems, or required acquisition/software development life cycle (SDLC) phase gate documentation; and
Solving a problem without having required information, understanding the context of a problem, diagnosing a problem, exploring alternatives, and identifying gaps in information to solve a problem and carve out next steps.
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE MAY NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. If your resume does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s).
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), Reemployment Priority List (RPL), or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): Visit the OPM website for information on how to apply as a CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP eligible. To exercise selection priority for this vacancy, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP candidates must meet the basic eligibility requirements and all selective factors. CTAP/ICTAP candidates must be rated and determined to be well qualified (or above) based on an evaluation of the competencies listed in the How You Will Be Evaluated section. When assessed through a score-based category rating method, CTAP/ICTAP applicants must receive a rating of at least 85 out of a possible 100.
Veterans who are preference eligible or who have been separated from the armed forces under honorable conditions after three years or more of continuous active service are eligible for consideration under the Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA).
Farm Service Agency (FSA) County Employees: Permanent County employees without prior Federal tenure who are selected for a Civil Service position under Public Law 105-277 will be given a career-conditional appointment and must serve a 1-year probationary period.
For more information on applying under special hiring authorities such as 30 percent disabled veterans, certain military spouses, Schedule A Disabled, etc., explore the different Hiring Paths on the USAJOBS website.
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act (LMWFA) provides current or former temporary or term employees of federal land management agencies opportunity to compete for permanent competitive service positions. Individuals must have more than 24 months of service without a break between appointments of two or more years. Service must be in the competitive service and have been at a successful level of performance or better. Refer to PUBLIC LAW 114-47-AUG. 7, 2015 for more information.
If selected, you will be required to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement.
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
It is the policy of the Government not to deny employment simply because an individual has been unemployed or has had financial difficulties that have arisen through no fault of the individual. To see more information visit CHCO Council.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as evidenced by the experience, education, and training you described in your application package, as well as the responses to the Assessment Questionnaire to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities and competencies listed below:

Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Project Management
Your application, including the online Assessment Questionnaire, will be reviewed to determine if you meet (a) minimum qualification requirements and (b) the resume supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your resume must clearly support your responses to all the questions addressing experience and education relevant to this position. Applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements and are determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring manager for consideration. Noncompetitive candidates and applicants under some special hiring authorities need only meet minimum qualifications to be referred.

Note: If after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities, or you may be found ineligible. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service.

To preview the application questionnaire, please visit: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11078885

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes: 1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the major duties including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) other qualifications.
Current and former Federal employees:
Most recent non-award Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) showing you are/were in the competitive service, highest grade held (or promotion potential) on a permanent basis, position title, series and grade AND
Most recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable. A performance plan is not an acceptable substitute.
Current permanent FSA County employees must submit your most recent non-award Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) showing your highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent basis, position title, series and grade AND most recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) per above.
Veteran Hiring Authorities: VEOA and 30% Disabled Veterans: DD214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, that shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions. If currently on active duty, you must submit a statement of discharge/certification of release or an official written document from the armed forces that certifies you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service under honorable conditions no later than 120 days from the date the certification is signed. Enlisted Record Briefs and military identification do NOT qualify as official documentation. The certification letter should be on letterhead of the appropriate military branch of the service and contain (1) the military service dates including the expected discharge or release date; and (2) the character of service. Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment.
If claiming 10-point veteran's preference you must provide the DD214 or certification requirements (see above bullet), plus the proof of entitlement of this preference as listed on the SF-15 Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. The SF-15 should be included but is not required. Failure to submit these documents could result in the determination that there is insufficient documentation to support your claim for 10-point preference.
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act: Copies of Notification of Personnel Action(s) (SF-50) showing the employee served in eligible appointment(s) for a period(s) of more than 24 mos w/o a break between appointments of two+ years. Include initial hire actions, extensions, conversions and separation SF-50s for each period. Submit performance rating(s) showing acceptable performance for each period counted towards eligibility signed by supervisor(s). If documentation does not exist for one or more periods, submit a statement from supervisor(s) indicating acceptable performance. Applicants who do not have performance documentation for any period shall provide a reason why the documentation is not available and statement that performance for all periods was at an acceptable level.
Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities Appointment: Letter from a physician, local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR 213.3102 (u).
Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5 CFR 330.
If claiming eligibility under a special hiring authority or an interchange agreement with another merit system not listed above, see the requirements for that authority and submit the required supporting documentation. Go to: USAJOBS Hiring Path for Special Authorities or Special Hiring Authority for more information.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
You may apply if you are a Status Candidate (Merit Promotion, VEOA, Land Management Eligible) and/or a Non-Competitive Hiring Authority Eligible (30% Disabled Veteran, Certain Military Spouse, Schedule A, Certain Peace Corps/VISTA Employee/Volunteer, Certain Former Overseas Employee, Foreign Service Employee, CTAP/ICTAP, Interchange Agreement Employee, or if you are employed under a Miscellaneous Authority not regulated by the U.S. Office of Personnel Management)."	11192	Washington
Community Engagement Manager	Unite Us	Alexandria, VA	None	"Who we are:
As our co-founders transitioned from military to civilian life, they encountered barriers and inefficiencies navigating the most basic health and social services. Together, they set out to improve that experience for others. Recognizing that social care is essential for better health outcomes, they embarked on a mission to connect people to the care they need, when they need it, in communities across the country. Unite Us has developed an intuitive and seamless technology solution that goes beyond the traditional referral method. We work side-by-side with local organizations, and track data and outcomes to build coordinated care networks that support all aspects of community health. Unite Us is boldly changing the nation's care delivery system. If you want to do well and do good, join Unite Us– we can build healthier communities together.

About the Role

As a Community Engagement Manager you are passionate about the community you live in, understand its history, culture, and challenges, and want to make it healthier and more equitable for everyone. You will connect health and social care organizations to build a local network through our platform. As the face of Unite Us y ou will know what our platform can do, train others on how to use it, and answer questions on its effectiveness.

Every day you will work alongside community champions to drive the adoption of Unite Us by conducting outreach and hosting meetings in order to create new partnerships. To thrive in this role you must be a natural connector who is energized by the prospect of building relationships with local community-based organizations, non-profits, government agencies, and clinical providers.

What You'll Do:

Serve as a trusted partner to community based organizations by being an expert resource and an active listener who is continually engaged with user feedback
Utilize our team's best practices and workflows while also bringing innovations and creative process improvements
Demonstrate and communicate how our product is helping communities

You're a Great Fit for this Role If….

You have experience working in the health or human services field
You are a self-starter who is comfortable turning big ideas into actionable processes and project plans
You can read a room and tailor your message to a specific audience
When faced with a mix of fully vetted processes, partially developed ideas, and brand new situations, you'll confront them and thrive

Environmental Job Requirements & Working Conditions:

This position can be based in Alexandria City, Arlington, Fairfax City, Fredericksburg, Loudon or Prince William
This position includes 30% travel within your assigned region

Unite Us is committed to building a diverse team and fostering an inclusive culture, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and encourage our employees' differences in race, religion, color, national origin, gender, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, medical conditions, and other characteristics. If you require assistance in applying for open positions due to a disability, please email us at peopleops@uniteus.com to request an accommodation."	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager Consultant	Inter-American Development Bank	Washington, DC 20577 (Downtown area)	None	"IT Project Manager Consultant

Background of this search: We are looking for an experienced professional to work on the ITE/IPP Policy and Planning Division as a Project Manager to implement the PMO Projects and initiatives.
The team’s: The Information Technology department (ITE) department is responsible for formulating the Bank's IT Strategy, its implementation and providing related tools, solutions, and services. The ITE/IPP Policy and Planning Division is the focal point for IT policies, architecture, and governance for the IDB.
What you’ll do: You will report to the IT Governance Team Leader in the Information Technology Policy & Planning Division. Following are the most important activities you will be doing to move forward the IT Project and Portfolio Management program towards its goals:
You will be responsible for acting as the project manager to implement PMO Projects following the Bank project management methodology and processes.
You will be responsible for participating in the definition, discussion, and implementation of the different technical tools and processes related to improving the Bank's Project Methodology.
You will have to be capable of discussing tool implementation options with the technical teams internally in ITE.
You will be responsible for producing the project documentation such as Project Plan, Status Report, WBS, Financial Plan, among others. You will also be responsible for reporting the Bank's PMO and comply with its policies.
You will be responsible for providing feedback and maintaining a repository of project artifacts, such as project proposals, project charters, project plans, work breakdown structures, communications plans, and risk management plans.
You will support, as a Project Manager, additional miscellaneous projects of the Governance Team.

What you'll need:
Citizenship: You are a citizen of one of our 48-member countries.
Consanguinity: You have no family members (up to fourth degree of consanguinity and second degree of affinity, including spouse) working at the IDB Group.
Education: Bachelor's degree from an accredited university in Information Technology, Business, or Project Management. Master's Degree preferable. Certifications in Project Management: a PMP certification desired.
Experience: At least a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience in IT projects, project management or portfolio management.
Languages: Fluency in English and of another official Bank language (Spanish, Portuguese and/or French) is required.

Core and technical competiences:
Project or Program Management experience required, with at least three years in project or program management. Agile Methodology is highly desired.
Understanding of various project management methodologies (processes, standard methodologies, tools, and templates).
Experience in building and managing client relationships.
Exposure to Agile, ITIL, SDLC principles preferred.
Experience in projects with modern technologies and processes like artificial intelligence Blockchain, DevOps, and/or Agile IT delivery.

Opportunity Summary:
Type of contract: Consultant
Length of contract: 1 year
Starting date: July, 2021
Location: Headquarters - Washington, DC, United States
Responsible person: IT LEAD SPEC
Requirements: You must be a citizen of one of the IDB's 48 member countries and have no family members currently working at the IDB Group.
Our culture: Our people are committed and passionate about improving lives in Latin-America and the Caribbean, and they get to do what they love in a diverse, collaborative and stimulating work environment. We are the first Latin American and Caribbean development institution to be awarded the EDGE certification, recognizing our strong commitment to gender equality. As an employee you can be part of internal resource groups that connect our diverse community around common interests.
About us: At the IDB, we’re committed to improving lives. Since 1959, we’ve been a leading source of long-term financing for economic, social, and institutional development in Latin America and the Caribbean. We do more than lending though. We partner with our 48-member countries to provide Latin America and the Caribbean with cutting-edge research about relevant development issues, policy advice to inform their decisions, and technical assistance to improve on the planning and execution of projects. For this, we need people who not only have the right skills, but also are passionate about improving lives.

Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic and its implications for our Region, the IDB Group is reviewing its hiring needs and re-prioritizing its areas of talent acquisition. We encourage candidates to continue to apply to the active postings, yet current job openings may be subject to further decisions in terms of timing of the processes, or other actions, in accordance with business needs. Final hiring decisions may also be conditioned to the candidate’s ability to timely relocate to the post of duty at the moment of starting service.

Our team in Human Resources carefully reviews all applications."	11192	Washington
Global Medical Information Project Manager	AstraZeneca	Gaithersburg, MD 20878	None	"Do you have expertise in, and passion for Medical Affairs in Oncology? Would you like to apply your expertise to impact the Global Medical Information Project Manager role in a company that follows the science and turns ideas into life changing medicines? Then AstraZeneca might be the one for you!
At AstraZeneca, we put patients first and strive to meet their unmet needs worldwide. Working here means being entrepreneurial, thinking big and working together to make the impossible a reality. If you are swift to action, confident to lead, willing to collaborate, and curious about what science can do, then you’re our kind of person.
AstraZeneca’s vision in Oncology is to help patients by redefining the cancer-treatment paradigm, with the aim of bringing six new cancer medicines to patients between 2013 and 2020. A broad pipeline of next-generation medicines is focused principally on four disease areas - breast, ovarian, lung and hematological cancers. As well as other tumor types, these are being targeted through five key platforms - immunotherapy, the genetic drivers of cancer and resistance, DNA damage repair, HER2 and antibody drug conjugates, underpinned by personalized healthcare and biomarker technologies.
Main Duties and Responsibilities
The Oncology Global Medical Information (ONC GMI) Planning Manager is part of the ONC GMI team. The Planning Manager is responsible for strategic program management of key activities and tasks that drive the planning, execution and communication of medical information activities both within the ONC GMI function as well as other integrated functions. The Planning Manager supports the ONC GMI leadership team, may also develop and oversee ONC GMI project plan creation, budget planning and execution. The Planning Manager will be an integral part of the ONC GMI digital innovation work. Alliances may occur throughout the enterprise and may require the ONC GMI Planning Manager to work across therapeutic areas.
Project & Program Management
Communicates and ensures the medical affairs team is informed of upcoming change events impacting the GMI processes. Aids in the development of operational communication plans for key initiatives.
Works across GMI therapeutic areas to share, understands, and creates best practices that support the overall health and efficiency of the teams.
Provides strategic project management support as needed for critical programs and activities as determined by the Head of ONC GMI. Validates, analyzes, and interprets operational dashboard metrics to ONC GMI Leaders and provides specific insight on the meaning of key process and utilization metrics and defines approaches to improve outcomes.
Manages and supports project planning of key ONC GMI digital innovation projects.
Manages the GMI budget process to enable strategic choices and execution.
Planning & Reporting
Supports planning and prioritization of reactive materials for the portfolio, ensuring decisions and actions are appropriately pulled through which includes assisting with the management of the review and approval process of content.
Develop ONC GMI metrics reports for distribution to senior leaders, the ONC GMI team and other stakeholders by utilizing various medical reporting tools.
Assist with coordination of ONC GMI congress activity, including booth staffing schedules, trackers for content, communication and metric reporting.
Coordination of key onboarding activities and training for new team members.
Schedules and manages updates of Standard Responses, Q&As, Slide Decks and other reactive medical materials that are associated with congresses, publications or ad hoc data releases.
Coordinates, manages and facilitates various ONC GMI meetings.
Manages purchase orders and develops reports for budget spend monitoring to ONC GMI leadership
Essential Requirements
Bachelor’s degree
Experience in project planning, budget planning, information services and/or healthcare related fields.
Demonstrated success in medical or commercial Operations that involves a complex team environment.
Works across multiple teams, reporting lines and matrix structures with key partners.
High capabilities in working collaboratively, strategic thinking, problem solving using communication style that are adaptable to the situation and internal stakeholders
Strong oral and written communication skills and customer focus, including organizational awareness and proven stakeholder management
Demonstrated ability to build credibility and relationships with internal and external stakeholders and facilitate leadership discussions
Proficiency in technology platforms, the ability to build and manipulate reports in Excel and PowerPoint and to conduct analytics to support planning and decision-making.
Desirable Requirements
Advanced Degree in a relevant field (e.g., digital marketing, e-business, strategy, healthcare, medical information etc.)
Asset development experience or agency experience
Strong change management experience
Strong negotiation and facilitation skills
Credentialed strategic project management experience
Strong experience with managing digital innovation projects
Prior experience and proficiency with Veeva Vault PromoMats or MedComms tools
Depth of understanding in scientific or commercial pharmaceutical marketplace for respective therapeutic areas a plus
Why AstraZeneca?
At AstraZeneca when we see an opportunity for change, we seize it and make it happen, because any opportunity no matter how small, can be the start of something big. Delivering life-changing medicines is about being entrepreneurial - finding those moments and recognizing their potential. Join us on our journey of building a new kind of organization to reset expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be. This means we’re opening new ways to work, pioneering cutting edge methods and bringing unexpected teams together. Interested? Come and join our journey.
Are you already imagining yourself joining our team? Good, because we can’t wait to hear from you.
Where can I find out more?
Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/
Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/
Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en
#oncology #theplacetOBU"	11192	Washington
Program Manager - Project on Prosperity and Development	Center For Strategic And International Studies	Washington, DC	None	"The Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) is a non-profit, bipartisan public policy organization established in 1962 to provide strategic insights and practical policy solutions to decisionmakers concerned with global security and prosperity. Over the years, it has grown to be one of the largest organizations of its kind, with a staff of some 200 employees, including more than 120 analysts working to address the changing dynamics of international security across the globe.


JOB SUMMARY:


The primary purpose of this position is to support all daily administrative aspects of the program and to assist the Director of the program in all administrative needs. Responsibilities cross all program components, including project management and oversight, direct supervision of personnel, budget, and written and verbal external and internal correspondences. You will report directly to the Senior VP and Director of PPD, Daniel F. Runde.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Essential functions may include, but are not limited to the following:

Reviews all internal and external written correspondence coming from the DirectorManages business development pipeline for the programManages program’s overall budget and ensures expenses are in line with projections; creates budgets for proposals and oversees adherence to existing project budgetsDirectly supervises five (5) full-time junior personnel (Program Coordinators, Research Assistants, and Research Associates)Other administrative tasks as needed


KNOWLEDGE, EDUCATION, AND EXPERIENCE:

B.A./B.S degree required; MA preferredMinimum 5+ years relevant professional experienceMinimum 3 years direct management experienceAbility to work closely with a range of individuals with diverse interests, backgrounds and dispositionsSound judgment and the ability to operate with discretion and flexibility is essentialAbility to project a professional image to the public, co-workers, trustees, and CSIS clients


PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORK CONDITIONS:


The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee working in an office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.

Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.


HOW TO APPLY:


Interested applicants should submit a résumé, cover letter, and four references to https://csiscareers.silkroad.com.
Required Skills

Required Experience"	11192	Washington
Extramural Support Assistant (OA)	US National Institutes of Health	Montgomery County, MD	$39,684 - $63,906 a year	"Duties
Summary
The incumbent may be assigned to any of the Center for Scientific Review (CSR) Divisions and may perform any of the following duties:
Responsibilities
Perform specialized tasks requiring continuing responsibilities for projects, questions, and issues related to the grants functions. Serve as a point of contact and furnish explanations of regulations and procedures pertaining to the grants function.
Provide non-routine administrative support for the review of grant applications and contract proposals involving a variety of problems and situations.
Review completed work of other clerical staff to ensure that instructions have been followed.
Provide logistical support and coordination for scientific conferences, workshops, and site visits as well as review and other advisory group meetings. Assists with meeting activities on site.
Maintain data in local databases and prepares reports.
Initiate and respond to email, telephone, and letter inquiries and provide requested materials.
Use software functions to produce a wide range of documents that require complex formats such as graphics or tables within text, to edit and reformat electronic drafts, and to update or revise existing databases or spreadsheets.
If selected at the GS-05 or GS-06 grade levels, you will essentially perform the same duties as those at the full performance level described above, however, duties are less complex and will be performed under closer supervision and guidance.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
7
Job family (Series)
0303 Miscellaneous Clerk And Assistant
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship requirement or proof of being a U.S. National must be met by closing date.
Employment is subject to the successful completion of a background investigation, verification of qualifications, completion of onboarding forms, submission of required documents, and any other job-related requirement before or after appointment.
Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.
Males born after December 31, 1959 must be registered with the Selective Service.
Qualifications
You qualify for this position at the GS-05 level, if you meet one of the following qualification requirements:
You must demonstrate in your resume at least one (1) year of qualifying experience equivalent to at least the GS-04 level in the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing the following types of tasks: performing clerical tasks related to processing paperwork and tracking applications; providing administrative support by receiving and screening telephone calls, sorting mail, and filing documents; logging transactional and administrative data using spreadsheets or database software; and, providing logistic services for office staff (e.g., delivering office supplies, scanning and copying documents, obtaining A/V equipment, shipping products or files). OR
Have completed four (4) years of education above High School. OR
Have a combination of post high school education and experience that meets 100% of the qualifications for this position.
You qualify for this position at the GS-06 level, if you meet the following qualification requirement:
You must demonstrate in your resume at least one (1) year of qualifying specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-05 level in the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing the following types of tasks: answering questions from external customers and directing inquires to appropriate parties; ensuring documents adhere to office or company standards; managing office supplies and equipment by preparing requests for purchases or repairs; maintaining administrative related information using spreadsheets or database software; and, coordinating meeting and travel logistics (e.g., creating itineraries, finding affordable airfare and hotels, identifying meeting locations).
You qualify for this position at the GS-07 level, if you meet the following qualification requirement:
You must demonstrate in your resume at least one (1) year of qualifying specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-06 level in the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, performing the following types of tasks: ensuring grant applications or contract paperwork is complete, accurate, and free of errors; generating ad-hoc tabular reports from various data sources on administrative matters for management; using Microsoft Office products (or similar products) to produce correspondence, narrative reports, spreadsheets, and presentations; and coordinating meeting and travel logistics (e.g., creating itineraries, finding affordable airfare and hotels, identifying meeting locations).
In addition, you must be able to type at least 40 words per minute with 3 or fewer errors in a 5 minute sample.

Do not copy and paste the duties, specialized experience, or occupational assessment questionnaire from this announcement into your resume as that will not be considered a demonstration of your qualifications for this position.

You will receive credit for all experience material to the position, including experience gained in religious, civic, welfare, service, and organizational activities, regardless of whether you received pay.

Preview assessment questionnaire before you apply: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11068406
Education
If you qualify based on education in lieu of specialized experience, you are strongly encouraged to submit a copy of your transcripts or a list of your courses including titles, credit hours completed and grades. Unofficial transcripts will be accepted in the application packages. Official transcripts will be required from all selectees prior to receiving an official offer. Click here for information on Foreign Education.
Additional information
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.

This position is designated as a ""non-emergency/teleworker"" position and the selected candidate will be considered a ""non-emergency/teleworker"" employee. In the event of a closure, you must be available to telework or request leave.
At the supervisor's discretion, this position may offer work schedule flexibilities: telework.
A one-year probationary period may be required upon selection/placement.
We may make additional selections for similar positions within the commuting area(s) of the locations listed through this vacancy announcement. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with any interested selecting official(s). Clearance of CTAP/ICTAP will be applied for similar positions.
The National Institutes of Health participates in the USCIS Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify). E-Verify helps employers determine employment eligibility of new hires and the validity of their Social Security numbers.
The NIH maintains a tobacco free work environment and campus.
Must be able to perform the essential duties of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation.
Visit our Applicant FAQs page for helpful information on the application process.
Visit our Total Compensation page for a detailed look into the benefits, awards, leave, retirement and other incentives employees may receive as part of a rewarding work environment.
This announcement accepts applications during the open period of June 17th through June 21st; unless the cut-off of 150 applicants is reached. This announcement will close at 11:59 PM Eastern Time (ET) on June 21, 2021, or on the day the 150th application is received, whichever comes first.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
If you meet the minimum qualifications for this position, your application and responses to the online questionnaire will be evaluated under Category Rating and selection procedures for placement in one of the following categories:

Best Qualified - for those who are superior in the evaluation criteria
Well Qualified - for those who excel in the evaluation criteria
Qualified - for those who only meet the minimum qualification requirements
The Category Rating Process does not add veterans' preference points but protects the rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category. Applicants determined to be Best Qualified will be referred for further consideration. Preference eligibles in the Best Qualified category are referred before all other applicants.

To determine your qualifications and referral status, we may review your resume and supporting documentation and compare it against your responses to the vacancy questionnaire. Ensure you support your self-ratings by the information you provide in your application. We may verify or assess your qualifications at any time. Inflated or unsupported qualifications may affect your rating. Any misrepresentation or material omission of facts may be sufficient cause to end further consideration of your candidacy. Persons listed as having knowledge of your past accomplishments or experience in your application may be contacted for verification purposes at any time. Verification may, but need not, begin prior to receiving an offer.

To be considered well qualified for the purposes of the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) and the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP), you must be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry and substantively exceed the basic qualifications by scoring at least an 85 on the assessment and meet all eligibility, physical, medical, suitability, and all other requirements.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Moderate Risk (MR)
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
REQUIRED FOR ALL APPLICANTS
RESUME:
Your resume must thoroughly describe how your skills and experiences align to the criteria defined in the ""Qualifications"" section of this announcement and it must support your responses to the assessment questionnaire. We cannot assume you have performed the necessary experience required for this position regardless of your employment history or academic career.

To ensure all of the essential information is in your resume, we encourage you to use the USAJOBS online Resume Builder. If you choose to use your own resume, you must ensure it contains all of the required information and you organize it so we can associate the following information for each experience/position:

Job title
Name of employer
Beginning and ending dates of employment (month/day/year format)
Hours worked per week. We will assume full-time unless otherwise stated. We will prorate part-time employment in crediting experience.
Detailed description of job duties, accomplishments, related skills, and responsibilities to include any supervisory/managerial responsibilities and number of staff supervised (if applicable)
Series and grade or equivalent (if a federal position)


If the position has an education requirement or you are qualifying on the basis of education, you must list your education history including the type of degree and your major of study. If the position requires a certain number of credit hours, you are strongly encouraged to list the relevant courses in your resume.

Do not include a photograph or video of yourself, or any sensitive information (age, date of birth, marital status, protected health information, religious affiliation, social security number, etc.) on your resume or cover letter. We will not access web pages linked on your resume or cover letter to determine your qualifications.


For resume writing guidance, please visit the following resources: NIH Jobs website, USAJOBS Resource Center, and the USAJOBS Resume Writing Video Tutorial.

ASSESSMENT QUESTIONNAIRE:
You must submit a completed assessment questionnaire.

Unless otherwise stated, we will only use the information above to determine your qualifications. Not providing the required information may result in a determination that you do not meet minimum requirements for the position (e.g., an ineligible rating) or a lower rating.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTATION FOR PREFERENCE OR ELIGIBILITY CLAIMS

To claim veterans' preference, career transition selection priority, Schedule A or military spouse eligibility, you must provide the documentation listed below AND respond accordingly to the associated question on the online questionnaire.
Veterans' preference (DD-214, VA Disability Letter, etc.): Reference Standard Form 15 (SF-15) for required documentation for 10 point claims. Submission of SF-15 is not required, unless you are claiming derived preference (XP) as described in questions 7, 8, or 9 on the SF-15. In those cases, you must submit a completed SF-15 and the required documentation. For 5 point claims, you must submit your DD-214 (if separated) or any written documentation from the armed forces that certifies you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
Visit our sites on Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) for more information and required documentation.
Visit our site on the Appointment of Certain Military Spouses for more information and required documentation to verify eligibility.
Schedule A Eligibility (Applicants with Disabilities) Applicants who are eligible to be considered under Schedule A must submit appropriate documentation to verify eligibility. Documentation must be obtained from a licensed medical professional (e.g., a physician or other medical professional certified by a state, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. territory to practice medicine); a licensed vocational rehabilitation specialist (i.e., state or private); or any Federal agency, state agency, or agency of the District of Columbia or a U.S. territory that issues or provides disability benefits. The letter must be printed on a medical professional's letterhead and signed. Veterans' preference takes precedence in these appointments.


The Schedule A and military spouse hiring authorities do not guarantee employment or give an individual preference in the hiring process.

If you do not provide the required information, we will assume you are not eligible, or you do not wish to be considered for any preference or eligibility.

Do not submit documentation that is not requested of you. To protect your personal information, we will only send your resume and cover letter to the selecting official or hiring manager.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Military spouses
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
You must be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. National. Foreign nationals or legal permanent residents are not eligible for consideration."	11192	Washington
Health IT Project Manager	Dovel Technologies, LLC	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

Medical Science & Computing is searching for a Health IT Program Manager to support the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This opportunity is a full-time position with MSC and is based in Bethesda, MD but allows for remote work.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Plan, schedule, coordinate, and manage the project and related personnel and resources, monitor specific task completion, and manage project timeline for a timely completion of the project goal.
Manage personnel, operations and finance for the lifecycle of technology projects.
Communicate with all levels of management, personnel, subcontractors and client agency representatives.
Responsible for the implementation of policies and goals of the client
Actively apply QA measures to the management and performance of the contract.
Act as contact person and liaison between NIH, writers, editors, communications personnel, and other stakeholders.
Work with the Project Director to coordinate contributions from authors and subject matter experts (SMEs), including activities related to data and document sharing and version control.
Ensure compliance with laws, recordkeeping, regulations, policies, and procedures associated with all aspects of project.
Maintain version control for all project documents and records, within the scope of federal recordkeeping and privacy regulations. Provide review and editing of documents as directed by the Project Director.
Plan and Evaluate: Meet with the NIH leadership and Project Director to establish expectations and objectives, establish baselines for project scope, budget, and timeline. Define specific tasks, set priorities, determine short- and long-term goals and strategies to achieve them, determine resource requirements, assist in the coordination with other federal agencies and stakeholders, monitor progress against timeline and evaluate outcomes.
Assist in the management of a large multi-disciplinary team to ensure tasks are completed efficiently. These include but are not limited to subject matter experts (SMEs), science writers, researchers, administrative personnel, and communications experts, and project stakeholders, while maintaining privacy in activities with sensitive information.
Assist with the management of the project budget; prepare budget reports for NIH leadership monthly, or immediately in the case of any budget irregularities or unexpected financial occurrence.

Requirements:

Requirements
Bachelors degree plus five years of experience involving federal agencies or non-governmental organizations, specifically experience involving the production of a large technical or scientific report.
Experience on broad, multi-year project with multiple stakeholders and structured processes involving more than 20 people and a budget of over $1 million.
Experience working on health science or research-related projects with a number of stakeholders external to the organization.
Demonstrated project management skills, effectively managing multiple stakeholders, arranging resources and managing projects using modern project management software to organize, initiate, and manage a project of this scope and budget.
Demonstrated ability to facilitate and coordinate a shared goal with multiple personnel; ability to effectively manage and prioritize competing responsibilities; ability to communicate and persuade staff and management at all levels.
Excellent oral and written communications; an ability to present and discuss technical information in a way that establishes rapport, persuades others, and gains understanding
Preferred
Project Management Institute PMP certification is desired but not required.
A scientific background including knowledge of cancer clinical trials, bioinformatics, and medical terminology is desired.
Medical Science & Computing (MSC), a Dovel company, is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
#LI-GH1
Company Description:

We are a trusted government partner that blends deep domain expertise with advanced technologies to help our customers solve complex problems that improve, protect, and save lives. As a rapidly growing company, we combine entrepreneurial spirit, customer focus, and an outcomes-based approach to support agency missions in health IT, life sciences, public safety, and grants management.
The Dovel Family of Companies offers employees an opportunity to advance beyond a specific role or contract, we offer a path to develop an enriching career. We believe in empowering a culture of innovation, customer success, and employee growth.
What you’ll get…
Time Off! Flexible schedules and company paid holidays allow you to take the time you need.
Investment in YOU! 401(K) company contributions are yours to keep with no waiting period.
Choices! Unique healthcare plans to choose from with options like fertility and orthodontia benefits.
Discovery! With our tuition assistance and training programs, we support your career advancement.
Tax Savings! Enroll in pre-tax Health or Dependent Care Flexible Spending, HSA with company contributions, parking, and/or transit commuter benefits.
Support! Working parents and busy professionals – we’ve got you covered with a supportive culture, confidential Employee Assistance Program, and membership to Care.com.
Perks! Employee discounts, peer recognition programs, company-wide wellness challenges, and fun community events.
A Voice! A unique culture where you can influence decisions and have your voice heard.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status."	11192	Washington
ADMINISTRATIVE SPECIALIST	US Commander, Naval Information Warfare Systems Co...	Washington, DC	$87,198 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
You will serve as a ADMINISTRATIVE SPECIALIST in the PROGRAM EXECUTIVE OFFICE, DIGITAL AND ENTERPRISE SERVICES of PEO DIGITAL AND ENTERPRISE SERVICES.
Responsibilities
You will manage and prepare space/seating requirements for PEO Digital, to include metrics, documentation, and facility safety management activities.
You will direct and ensure implementation of comprehensive plans, policies, and business operations to ensure compliance with Navy management internal control policies.
You will ensure resources are used in compliance with laws and regulations, consistent with mission, and with minimal potential for waste, fraud, and mismanagement.
You will manage various projects and executive office requirements, objectives, and metrics.
You will coordinate all facility and building repairs/upgrades with the appropriate internal and external stakeholders.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
3
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov
Generally, current federal employees applying for GS jobs must serve at least one year at the next lower grade level. This requirement is called time-in-grade. Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
You will be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card for travel and travel-related purchases.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field Program Management Level I . Certification is required within 24 months of appointment.
Qualifications
Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector. Specialized experience must demonstrate the following: Coordinating business operations and administrative activities to include facilities support services; lead and coordinate civilian/military events and ceremonies; and ensure resources are used in compliance with laws and regulations.


Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management web site: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-ADMIN

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
Education

Additional information
This position is in the Personnel Demonstration Project under authority of Title VII of the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978.

The pay schedule and pay band for all Demonstration Project Professional Positions will be DP-1/2/3/4.

Recruitment/Relocation incentive is not authorized.

This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program.

Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement.

A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments.

If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center.

Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf

ICTAP Applicants: To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique[1]hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/



Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.

When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies:
ADMINISTRATION AND MANAGEMENT
COMPUTER LITERACY
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT
PROBLEM SOLVING

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified.

Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire. You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional.

A complete resume is required. Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume.

Are you applying for a promotion? If you are a current GS employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine time-in-grade and eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz.

Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials? Check the Conditions of Employment section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.


Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified.

Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference or claiming sole survivorship preference? You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor

Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference?
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference.

You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf.

Are you an active duty service member? Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.).

Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Military spouses
Clarification from the agency
Current DoD employees, Former federal employees, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and VEOA eligible, current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB)."	11192	Washington
Project Manager - Corporate IT	Advarra, Inc.	Columbia, MD 21044	None	"Advarra provides integrated solutions that safeguard trial participants, empower clinical sites, ensure compliance, and optimize research performance. Connecting the clinical research ecosystem, Advarra delivers solutions through a site-centric approach that unifies and accelerates the drug development lifecycle, making clinical trials safer, smarter, and faster.
Job Summary
The Project Manager position has the primary responsibility to manage the Advarra’s Business systems and special projects. The Project Manager is responsible for all engineering and project management aspects of our business systems and special projects assignment during integration with acquired businesses.
Principal Duties & Responsibilities
Leadership, coaching, development, and planning activities to ensure that IT Infrastructure and Help Desk team members are positioned to deliver the infrastructure, operations, and help desk support services required by the organization
Ensure appropriate infrastructure in in place to provide the highest level of performance and resiliency of the business systems
Manage cross-departmental project teams and activities, deriving status updates from team members and delivering meaningful status updates at regular project meetings.
Develop and maintain the incident management systems
Creates operational reporting and metrics for IT Management and present progress reports to senior management
Ensures that realistic estimates of cost, duration and resource requirements are agreed to. Monitors projects and tasks against these criteria, taking corrective action as necessary
Performs risk assessments and develops risk mitigation and contingency for infrastructure and disaster recovery plans
Collaborates with Security Operations and Compliance organizations
Maintain and review IT support contracts, application licensing and security certificates.
Hardware and software procurement
Leads one or more project teams while motivating team members; allocates and monitors tasks
Maintain and oversee the change schedule and projected service outage impacts for infrastructure and application deployment execution
Coordinating activities required to enhance use of existing application functionality, rollout new functionality and further integrate with other business systems.
Track overall project progress and report status and any issues to management and project team members.
Act as a liaison between the leadership team and system users.
Coordinate and facilitate requirements gathering sessions with cross-functional teams which help define and verify process needs and workflow design.
Work with end users to improve existing business process workflows.
Assist in the development of processes and procedures in an effort to streamline and increase efficiency.
Utilize data to identify trends and opportunities for process improvement.
Work with leadership to create reports necessary to better manage teams.
Monitor application upgrade release notes. Notify applicable team members of application changes as a result of upgrades and complete training if necessary.
Ensure training is provided to all impacted users when new functionality is rolled out.
Attend relevant product conferences with an objective to remain current. Bring ideas back to team regarding improved workflow and further leveraging applications.
Job Requirements
Education
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or Business/Economics or Associates degree and equivalent work experience
Experience
5+ years managing Information systems as project manager
Proven experience managing full system implementations and support organizations
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Experience partnering with internal business stakeholder to address business requirements
Comfortable communicating with and interacting with individuals from all levels of the organization
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Effective verbal and written communications skills
Familiarity will project related documents such as project charters, project plans, requirements specifications, test plans and implementation plans etc.
Strong expertise with ITSM and ITIL standards
Expertise in agile methodologies
Deal with multiple concurrent projects and their shifting schedules and changing priorities
Manage multiple assigned tasks and prioritize work efforts in order to accomplish most critical task first and meet deadlines
Competencies
Organizational Awareness/Strategic Thinking
Persuasive Communication
Fostering Innovation
Attention to Communication
Fostering Teamwork
Influencing Others
Diagnostic Information Gathering
Physical and Mental Requirements:
Sit or stand for extended periods of time at stationary work station Regularly carry, raise, and lower objects of up to 10lbs
Learn and comprehend basic instructions Focus and attention to tasks and responsibilities
Verbal communication; listening and understanding, responding and speaking
EEO Statement
Advarra provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran, marital, or domestic partner status, citizenship, genetic information or any other status or characteristic covered by federal, state or local law. Further, the company takes affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed and employees are treated during employment without regard to any of these characteristics. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated.
EEO/M/F/Disabled/Vets"	11192	Washington
Deputy Project Manager IS/IT	Orbis, Inc.	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	None	"Deputy Project Manager IS/IT
Washington, DC
This position supports the Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) Office of the Commander Staff including Chief of Staff, Strategic Planning, Command Administrative Services (SEA 00 Staff) and Corporate Operations & Total Force (SEA 10).
NAVSEA is the Department of Navy’s (DON’s) central activity for designing, engineering, integrating, building, and procuring U.S. Naval ships, shipboard weapons, and combat systems. NAVSEA's responsibilities also include the maintenance, repair, modernization, and conversion of in-service ships and their weapons and combat systems.
This position provides overall technical, program planning and management, and administrative support for Information System and Information Technology (IS/IT) in the following areas:
NAVSEA Electronic Records Management System
Corporate Operations and Total Force Technology, Information Systems (IS), and Data Management (DM)
Plan, facilitate and manage customer’s understanding of IT software’s capabilities, training and capability deployment, sustainment, and governance in alignment with Enterprise-wide policy/Federal requirements, including HR and IT security requirements.
Support NAVSEA Command inspections
Assist with other program area functions, as assigned.

Required:
Minimum of 5 years of experience managing large-scale (more than $1M/year) or complex (multiple stakeholders) IT projects/business systems such as enterprise resource planning systems, data warehouses, SharePoint portals.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Bachelor’s degree or professional certifications in IT/IS or data analysis areas.
US Citizen with Secret Security Clearance

Desired:
Has 10 years of experience managing large-scale (more than $1M/year) or complex (multiple stakeholders) IT projects/business systems such as enterprise resource planning systems, data warehouses, SharePoint portals.
Holds an advanced degree in IT/IS or data analysis areas.

ORBIS offers an excellent benefits package and competitive salary in a professional atmosphere."	11192	Washington
Part-time Retail Employee	The Container Store Inc.	Washington, DC 20016 (American University Park area)	None	"Overview:

Our part-time positions are involved in registers, sales, merchandising and order processing.
Schedules can include daytime, evenings, weekends, and early mornings.
What We Stand For
Established in 1978, The Container Store has grown to be the leading specialty retailer of storage and organization products in the United States and the only national retailer solely devoted to the category. We provide creative, multifunctional, customizable storage and organization solutions that help our customers save time, save space and improve the quality of their lives.
We foster an employee-first culture built around our Foundation Principles, which define how we approach our relationships with our employees, vendors, customers and communities and influence every aspect of our business.
Responsibilities:
In registers and sales, you are….
Engaging with customers at the register, offering product information and sharing promotions as a brand ambassador
On the salesfloor engaging in thoughtful conversations with customers while maintaining the visual appearance of the store
Collaborating and communicating with customers to present projects and customized plans in a clear and professional manner
Keeping pace with customers, balancing multiple priorities and using good judgment to manage time
 In merchandising, you are…
Organizing and ensuring we have a well-presented store
Merchandising products, unloading trucks, lifting boxes, climbing ladders and cleaning the store
Working with a great team, surrounded by lively music, resulting in a huge sense of accomplishment
 Processing Customer Orders, you are…
Pulling product for customers’ orders in a timely manner
Maintaining the stockroom to ensure it is organized to support visual and selling efforts of the store
Communicating and following up with customers on issues regarding their orders, all the way through resolution
Carrying orders to customers cars for contactless pickup
The Benefits of Working Here
Our benefits exemplify our commitment to an employee-first culture, ensuring employees and their families are well taken care of, safe and secure. Some of our benefits include:
Competitive Pay
Medical/Dental/Vision Plans
Discount: 50% on Elfa, 40% on Merchandise and Gift Cards, 25% on Avera and Laren
Paid Time Off plus Holidays
401(k) plan
Ongoing training including our Leadership Development Program and Manager Training Program
Employee First Fund: providing grants to employees experiencing unforeseen emergencies

Qualifications:

What You Bring To Us
You love to engage with people.
You are passionate about connecting with customers and your team to provide clear, concise, compassionate communication.
You love a fast-paced environment and doing a variety of jobs throughout your work day.
You enjoy organizing and helping customers find solutions.
You are always learning! You are eager to learn how technology and selling work together to provide an exceptional customer experience.
You take pride in your work. It’s your store!
You understand retail is an ever-changing industry and remain flexible with your schedule.
You want to delight the people around you and can’t wait to share that at The Container Store!
You are at least 18 years of age.
The Container Store promotes a smoke-free, drug-free environment.
We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act
Stores Physical Requirements
State Specific Notices"	11192	Washington
ENERGY PROGRAM MANAGER	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA	$87,339 - $133,390 a year	"Position Information

The Office of Sustainability and Environmental Management (OSEM) within the Department of Environmental Services is seeking a highly skilled technical and programmatic Energy Program Manager with an entrepreneurial sense of emerging energy markets and technologies, to strategically lead climate and energy efficiency renewable programs.

The OSEM operates as Arlington County’s core agency for climate mitigation and adaptation programs, and a growing portfolio of cross-departmental and community-facing energy programs. Additionally, Arlington County adopted and updated the Community Energy Plan (Download PDF reader) (CEP) 2019 which reflects the climate, energy, and social will of its citizens and businesses. The CEP sets defined goals for renewable energy resourcing and arriving at a carbon-neutral community, integrates emerging technologies in the transportation and storage sectors, creates a pathway toward energy resilience and introduces energy equity into policy and program design.

Specific duties include:
Providing technical assistance and strategic planning to the climate and energy programs which address the broader community greenhouse gas reduction goals;
Leading strategic design and development of energy efficiency and renewable energy programs and projects with an emphasis on performance and cost-effectiveness;
Planning and implementing strategies for County operations to achieve 100% renewable electricity by 2025;
Organizing utility contract specifications, developing work scopes for energy efficiency projects, and participating in negotiations related to energy efficiency, clean transportation and renewable energy projects;
Determining and assessing opportunities for on-site renewable installations at government sites and facilities;
Developing, managing and implementing energy programs and initiatives to reduce the county’s energy consumption;
Developing scopes of work for energy efficiency projects including energy performance contracts, budgets, and timelines for projects, and performing return on investment analyses;
Conducting regular reviews of energy monitoring, including utility bill payments, account review activities and providing energy-related input into the design and operation of County facilities;
Supporting or leading grant project development application and execution;
Communicating and improving complex energy concepts to staff, elected officials, and the public through verbal presentations, written memos, position papers, and Board Reports;
Representing the County on regional and state-wide committees and participating in regional, interdepartmental and community work groups on energy and sustainability issues;
Addressing VA Assembly proposals and legislation, and statewide utilities commission initiatives;
Maintaining relationships with Dominion Energy and other utilities to enhance potential partnerships and future negotiations; and
Performing other duties as assigned.

The successful candidate will possess:

Demonstrated expertise in renewable energy resources and transactional mechanisms (e.g., power purchase agreements and off-site virtual power purchase agreements, and renewable energy credits);
Experience in clean transportation vehicles of various vehicle classes, and electric vehicle charging infrastructure;
Ability to assess grid demand and load data, knowledge of demand-side management and distributed generation;
Familiarity with greenhouse gas inventories and developing effective reduction strategies that align with energy, buildings, transportation, renewables and other optimization and conservation measures and technologies;
Familiarity with state and national energy regulation and legislation;
Experience with national or state programs, including ARRA, Energy Efficiency Conservation Block Grants, and carbon tax-funded grant programs;
Familiarity with design and installation of energy efficient system modifications;
Experience developing operational procedures, detailed reports and proposed legislation;
Experience with energy accounting, including benchmarking, weather adjustments, and consideration of utility rate schedules; and
Experience supporting calculation of cost effectiveness, rates of return, and consideration of future energy price escalations.

Selection Criteria

Minimum: Bachelor's degree in environmental science, physical sciences, engineering, planning, or related field, plus three years of experience in environmental planning, environmental management, energy efficiency and renewable energy programs or related program areas.
Substitution: Additional education may be substituted for experience.
Desirable: Preference may be given to candidates with a Master’s Degree in related field and experience/certification(s) in one or more of the following;

Certified Energy Manager (CEM) by the Association of Energy Engineers;
Driving regional partnerships with other local governments, utilities and/or private-sector stakeholders;
Identifying and understanding indicators and impacts of environmental justice and equity in the energy sector;
Effective communication and outreach experience with low-to-moderate income, underserved or disadvantaged communities; and
Energy procurement and contracting skills.
Special Requirements
Any offer of employment is contingent upon a favorable review of the applicant's driving record. A pre-employment criminal records check will be conducted. It may include checks of the following: criminal record, driving record, education, professional licensure, and credit history. You may be required to sign a release authorizing the County to obtain your background information.
Additional Information
Work hours: 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Monday- Friday, may include some weekend and evening work. Currently teleworking under COVID-19 practices and policies.

The official title for this position is Environmental Management Specialist, Principal.

The salary listed at the top of this announcement is for FY22, effective July 1, 2021.

Each section of the application must be completed. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Incomplete applications will be rejected.

NOTE: This position is listed as ""open continuous"" . Interested applicants are advised to submit their applications as soon as possible. Applications will be reviewed, and qualified applicants referred on a continuous basis. Interviews will be conducted on a regular basis throughout the recruitment with candidates whose qualifications best fit our needs. If your application is received later in the recruitment process, it may not be reviewed or considered."	11192	Washington
IT Agile Project Manager	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:

Guidehouse is supporting a large IT platform at a federal client, which supports several integrated agile teams responsible for discrete applications and engines on one shared platform. This project requires a strong Agile Project Manager with experience leading large IT applications leveraging scaled agile framework (SAFe) methodologies. The Project Manager will be a key contributor on the consulting team to help facilitate the optimization of technology capabilities, manage timeline, enable change, and champion the development team to exceed client expectations. The Project Manager will lead and define stakeholder and technology strategies and identify gaps within the process. The Project Manager will contribute to the success of several agile products and agile teams and lead the road mapping efforts and effectively execute the Guidehouse standard of delivery at all phases. The Project Manager will have a comprehensive view of the financial implications of the project, in addition to building client rapport, proactively mitigating project risks/issues, and leading change efforts. As a key team member on the project, the Project Manager will guide customers through the implementation of several IT application solutions using our adaptive SAFe methodology.
Qualifications:

The following skills/experience/knowledge are required to be considered for this role:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience
5+ years of consulting experience; preference 2+ years in IT project management
US Citizen
Ability to obtain DHS Public Trust
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
The following skills/experience/knowledge are preferred to be considered for this role:
Experience working within Federal Emergency Management Agency, Homeland security, or other Federal agencies, and/or experience in Emergency Management.
Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) or equivalent
Familiar with Jira/Kanban or Atlassian Suite tools leveraged in software development projects
Familiar with advanced agile practices including release trains, DevOps, CI/CD pipeline management, Federal security requirements, and SELC document requirements.
Experience monitoring project progress and implementing effective corrective actions if actual progress falls behind plan
Experience working in a multi-contractor environment
Have experience supporting Agile development projects and implementing process improvements that align with Agile best practices.
Have exceptional written and oral communication skills and experience with stakeholder engagement and outreach processes, including communication plan development, stakeholder assessments, and training program design and development.
Experienced demonstrating product capabilities to clients and stakeholders
Analytical and solution-oriented to help clients assess and improve business processes
Experience identifying and integrating advance solutions to large scale IT application
Experience using Agile Scrum and/or Kanban methodology to plan and manage work against iterations and releases
Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive bonus
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program"	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager	The Food and Drug Administration	Beltsville, MD	None	"Position Description:
Responsibilities
Collaborates with IT project managers (PMs) and/or serves as an IT project manager (PM) and contracting officer representative (COR) for various CTP IT initiatives.
Provides government oversight to contractors for IT projects, monitoring and reporting on contractor performance.
Plans and executes all facets of project management to include day-to-day management and oversight of multiple, concurrent IT projects.
Evaluates and recommends the adoption of new or enhanced approaches to delivering IT products and/or services.
Travel Required
Occasional travel- You may be expected to travel for this position.
Qualifications:

The position of IT Project Manager falls under the 2210 occupational series. To qualify for this position at grade GS-12, you must meet the following:

GS-5 through GS-15 (or equivalent): For all positions individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below. The employing agency is responsible for identifying the specific level of proficiency required for each competency at each grade level based on the requirements of the position being filled:

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.
Minimum Qualifications
Specialized Experience. Specialized experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

GS-12: You must possess 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 in the Federal service that includes experience applying risk management of systems, managing multiple IT projects with competing deadlines, and integrating requirements into a IT project management plan.

To Apply:
For more information and to apply for the available position, please visit this website."	11192	Washington
IT Auditor	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"IT Auditor(Job Number: 050785)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking an Associate IT Auditor to join its State & Local service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
IT Audit to support for State Auditor's financial statement audits
Federal Information Systems Control Audit Manual (FISCAM)


Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.

Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.

Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	11192	Washington
Racial Equity Manager	Bread for the City	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$65,000 - $72,000 a year	"Our Mission:
The mission of Bread for the City is to help Washington, DC residents living with low income develop the power to determine the future of their own communities. We provide food, clothing, medical care, and legal and social services to reduce the burden of poverty. We seek justice through community organizing and public advocacy. We work to uproot racism, a major cause of poverty. We are committed to treating our clients with the dignity and respect that all people deserve.
Position Profile:
This person will support Bread for the City’s continued journey toward being an anti-racist institution, helping to guide integration of racial equity principles throughout the organization, including within our programs/departments, and our client leadership. This is a manager-level position within the Advocacy and Organizing Department spanning both the Southeast and Northwest Centers. The salary range for this position is $65 - $72k, commensurate with experience.
Essential Position Responsibilities:
Lead Bread for the City’s Racial Equity Leadership Team.
Guide the development and implementation of Bread for the City’s Racial Equity Action Plan;
Develop meeting agendas and coordinates logistics for the RELT meetings;
Support RELT sub-committees as needed, including helping to facilitate productive discussions that help them move toward identified goals/objectives;
 Consult with members of the Quality Improvement Team in the continued development of metrics, instruments and processes to measure racial equity outcomes at Bread for the City;
Communicate RELT projects, successes and opportunities for engagement to clients, staff and the wider community via blogs and other regular communications.
Drive Bread for the City’s efforts to create, and implement internal policies, as well as advance racial analyses, that shift organizational culture to ensure racial equity.
Help identify and address instances, patterns, practices and policies of systemic/institutional racism;
Promote staff understanding of, and investment in, racial equity principles, including creation and promotion of relevant trainings, tools, etc.; this includes ensuring that all new hires and all client leadership (CAC, COREE) go through racial equity training in their first year at Bread for the City;
Work with the CEO to create opportunities for BFC's Boards to go through racial equity training as part of their Board leadership requirements;
Support departments & programs in setting and implementing annual and long-term racial equity goals;
Continue to learn about best practices to support racially equitable organizational development;
Work to ensure that all people of color and ethnicities present in the Bread for the City community are represented in racial equity work;
Meet regularly with CEO, department, program and other staff and client leaders to ensure a coordinated approach that capitalizes on synergies between current and future projects;
Support Bread for the City Staff in Creating Racially Just Systems Outside of BFC.
Serve as a spokesperson for Bread for the City’s Racial Equity work
Participate in panel discussions, discussions with funders, and other speaking engagements as needed
Work with Advocacy Director to ensure that BFC’s external policy and organizing work is consistently grounded in racial equity principles
Develop a relationship with DD Government's Council Office on Racial Equity.
Qualifications:
Demonstrated experience leading organizations through racial equity processes, including trainings and other activities;
Demonstrated commitment and comprehensive understanding of race, racism, & racial equity work, especially in DC;
Excellent communicator with exceptional listening skills;
Ability to build rapport with a diverse range of clients, colleagues, and community members through effective communication, team building, listening skills, and empathy;
Innovative thinker, with demonstrated ability to convert thought and planning into action;
Expertise in facilitating complex discussions;
Ability to manage multiple projects across different departments, programs and groups;
Creative, innovative and strategic in approaches to overcoming obstacles;
Compassion, trustworthiness, and patience for all people regardless of their background, position;
Practice dealing with adversity and conflict;
Ability to set and measure goals throughout the course of a multifaceted long-term change project;
English fluency required; Bilingual (Spanish) preferred;
Proficiency with tech tools (Microsoft Office programs, Google Docs/Sheets/Slides, etc.);
Demonstrated ability to work as a part of a multidisciplinary team, including the ability to work with volunteers in a professional and collaborative manner;
Willingness to learn and carry out Bread for the City's commitments to social justice and racial equity.
Bread for the City is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, family responsibility, physical or mental disability, medical condition, status as a veteran, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state, or local law, except where a bona fide occupational qualification applies.
To Apply:
You must complete an application through Bread for the City’s ADP portal. Click here to review available openings and click on ""Racial Equity Manager"" position. Then select ""apply"" at the top right hand corner to register for a login and apply for the position. Please upload a resume and cover letter that speaks to your interest and qualifications through this online application process. Your application will not be considered complete unless it includes a cover letter. Only those candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. No phone calls."	11192	Washington
Senior Health Specialist	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12296

Organization: World Bank

Sector: Health/Nutrition/Population

Grade: GG

Term Duration: 4 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 6/25/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. For more information, www.worldbank.org

GLOBAL: Health, Nutrition and Population (HNP) Global Practice Context:

The central contribution of the HNP Global Practice to the World Bank’s twin goals is to enable the achievement of Universal Health Coverage (UHC), in which all people are effectively covered by essential health services, and nobody suffers undue financial hardship because of illnesses. The HNP Global Practice includes staff members in Washington, DC and many country offices. The HNP Global Practice works with and across multiple sectors, in recognition of the fact that HNP outcomes often depend on actions that lie outside the HNP sector. The HNP Global Practice supports country and regional efforts to: (i) improve health outcomes, especially for the poor and most vulnerable; (ii) expand access to high-quality HNP services, interventions and technologies that give the most value for money; (iii) strengthen health systems for results; (iv) establish and improve health financing mechanisms that promote efficiency, equity and sustainability of investments; (v) strengthen heath-relevant institutions within and outside the health sector; (vi) harness multisectoral policies and investments for better health outcomes; and (vii) develop and learn from rigorous impact evaluations.
https://worldbankgroup.sharepoint.com/sites/health/pages/home.aspx
Regional context: SOUTH ASIA:

The South Asia Region (SAR) has the largest concentration of poor people of any region, home to 2 billion people with over 1 billion living under $2/day. It has had high growth of 6 percent average annual rate in the last 20 years, despite its poverty, conflict, and instability. The WBG is and will continue to be a key development partner in South Asia. The South Asia Region (SAR) strategy is based on three pillars which are promoting growth, enhancing social inclusion, and strengthening climate/environment.

The South Asia Region:
https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/sar

Unit Context: SOUTH ASIA HEALTH (HSAHN):

South Asia has been the fastest-growing region in the world in recent years. This has led to impressive declines in poverty and to improvements in key HNP outcomes such as life expectancy and under-five mortality rates; with the right facilitative policies in place, most countries in the region are poised to reap a potential demographic dividend. Nevertheless, key challenges remain and new ones are emergent across the region: inequalities remain large and persistent, malnutrition remains a huge problem, financing for health remains largely out-of-pocket, and health systems are ill-equipped to face a growing burden from non-communicable diseases and from new risk factors related to urbanization and air pollution.

The Bank has an active and growing portfolio in the region, with lending operations, technical assistance, and analytical work focusing on improving health financing, service delivery, and governance both from within the sector and via support for multi-sectoral engagement. The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted South Asia's major weaknesses in public health, including disease surveillance and diagnostics, as well as in health service delivery in terms of quality of care and surge capacity.

HNP has mobilized to assist all 8 countries in South Asia (including all HSAHN’s countries: Afghanistan, India, Sri Lanka, and Maldives) with its initial COVID-19 emergency response and essential systems strengthening. It is working now to help governments' shape their COVID-19 vaccine procurement and deployment strategies as an important next phase to the pandemic response.

The HSAHN team includes around 26 staff based in SAR countries and Washington DC. To strengthen the team, the WBG is recruiting a Senior Health Specialist based in Washington DC. The Senior Health Specialist will support the World Bank’s HNP portfolio, including the ongoing policy dialogue with Government counterparts and partners, preparation of analytical products, and the preparation and supervision of operations in the sector, as well as engagement on the broader human capital agenda,.
http://sarhnp.worldbank.org/
This vacancy is for a highly motivated individual to join the HSAHN Washington DC-based HNP team as a Senior Health Specialist in South Asia.

Duties & Responsibilities:

The Senior Health Specialist will report to the HSAHN Practice manager in Washington DC and will be responsible for the following tasks and duties in the South Asia Region, and potentially other regions as well:

Lead HNP and/or Human Capital-related operations under preparation or implementation as required, as well as contribute to the preparation and implementation support of such lending operations.

Lead and/or contribute to policy dialogue with government counterparts - including at the national and sub-national levels - and with other relevant stakeholders.

Lead and/or contribute to high-quality analytical and advisory services tasks related to different aspects of health sector performance, demographic changes, human capital including issues of adolescent girls’ and women’s empowerment, household survey data analytics, and related topics in the South Asian context.

Help the team with building and maintaining partnerships and networks within the Bank (in HNP as well as other sectors) and with external development partners and think-tanks.

Contribute to analytical and advisory services tasks related to health systems strengthening, addressing public health challenges, linking health to broader human development topics, and/or related topics in the South Asia context.

Support the monitoring and evaluation of projects, and reporting and coordination relationships with development partners.

Participate in and contribute to technical assistance work to support relevant capacity-building activities including workshops, seminars, etc.

Respond to ad hoc information requests from internal and external parties.

Selection Criteria
Graduate degree in public health, demographics, health economics, health policy, epidemiology, health system administration or professional degree (medicine, nursing) (Master’s degree required, PhD or equivalent would be an asset). Candidates without a core qualification in at least one of these domains need not apply.
Minimum of 8 years of relevant professional experience and prior experience with planning implementation, monitoring and evaluation of health, health system strengthening, health financing, or health service delivery projects is required.
Significant experience working on cross-sectoral issues, in particular human capital and/or women and girls’ empowerment, is an advantage.
Experience working in LICS or MICS, in South Asia, and/or in an international development institution is an advantage.
Demonstrated ability to think strategically, rapidly analyze diverse information from varied sources, prepare documents on complex subjects, speak and write persuasively, and present ideas clearly and concisely.
A proven track record of high standards/accountability for work products, meeting deadlines, an ability to prioritize tasks within his/her work program and strategies for working collectively with others on the team to deliver products of the highest caliber.
Demonstrated ability for teamwork in a multicultural environment.
Experience working on WBG funded projects and familiarity with WBG operations, policies, and procedures is an advantage.
Excellent oral and written communications skills is essential with ability to prepare documents on complex subjects, speak and write persuasively, and present ideas clearly and concisely.

In addition to the above, the successful candidate is expected to demonstrate the following WBG competencies:

Competencies

Integrative Skills - Understands core issues and knows where to get additional expertise when needed. Task team member in integrative products and provides analytical written inputs.
Knowledge and Experience in Development Arena - Understands policy making process and role of the health sector in that process. Is able to find relevant information and examine similar policy questions in multiple regions and to distill operationally relevant recommendations and lessons from this analysis for clients.
Policy Dialogue Skills - Identifies and assesses policy issues and communicates findings/points of view verbally and through economic reports and papers. Plays an active role in the dialogue with the government and/or other stakeholders as part of Bank teams.
Lead and Innovate: Encourages and works with others to identify and implement relevant solutions. Identifies opportunities in changing circumstances and energizes others to continuously improve, using intentional strategies to boost morale, team spirit, and productivity in context of WBG's values and mission. Helps others to understand problems, client needs and the underlying context. Ability to adapt to changing circumstances.
Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries: Collaborates across organizational boundaries, internally and externally with a sense of mutuality and respect. Consistently engages others in open dialogue, brings out any conflicting viewpoints and incorporates viewpoints into solutions, giving credit where credit is due. Leverages expertise of all team members to ensure successful outcomes. Shows leadership in ensuring the team stays organized and focused, and actively seeks and considers diverse ideas and approaches.
Create, Apply and Share Knowledge: Ensures systematic sharing of good practice and learning from lessons from across WBG, clients, and partners. Is known across WBG in their subject area and is sought out by WBG colleagues to advise, peer review, or contribute to knowledge products of others. Seeks mentoring opportunities with more experienced staff to deepen or strengthen their professional knowledge and mentors junior staff. Leads in the sharing of best practice, knowledge and lessons learned across units and with clients and partners, articulating ideas verbally and in writing in a clear and compelling way across audiences of varied levels.
Make Smart Decisions: Applies critical thinking and seeks inputs and experience from others to recommend a course of action consistent with the WBG's strategy. Evaluates risk and anticipates the short and long term implications of decisions.
Client Orientation - Maintains client relationships in the face of conflicting demands or directions and provides evidence-based advice and solutions based on sound diagnosis and knowledge.
Drive for Results - Identifies the needed resources to accomplish results involving multiple stakeholders and finds solutions to obstacles affecting key deliverables.
Teamwork (Collaboration) and Inclusion - Shows leadership in ensuring the team stays organized and focused, and actively seeks and considers diverse ideas and approaches.
Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11192	Washington
Education Manager	DC History Center	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$50,000 - $60,000 a year	"About the DC History Center

Established in 1894 and located at the Carnegie Library in Downtown, the DC History Center is a community-supported nonprofit organization, which deepens understanding of our city’s past to connect, empower, and inspire. It collects, interprets, and shares the history of our nation's capital through research and scholarship, adult programs, youth education, and exhibits. We seek to do this work as a welcoming and inclusive community that fosters curiosity and nurtures civic engagement to strengthen the District for all. For more information visit dchistory.org.
Position Summary
This newly created position is responsible for planning, designing, and executing K-12 education programs, reporting to the deputy director. This role works in close collaboration with the research services librarian and the adult programs manager, who also report to the deputy director. The DC History Center is operated by a small full-time staff of 7, who collaborate with the Board of Trustees, students, and volunteers.
This position provides educator and student audiences with high-quality opportunities that deepen understanding of our city’s past, foster curiosity and lifelong learning, and encourage civic participation. The education manager develops and delivers in-person and virtual educational programs that appeal to students, support teachers, and connect with diverse communities in all eight wards.
Primary Responsibilities
Youth Education Programs (65%)

Leverage the DC History Center’s exhibits, archival collections, library, and Washington History journal to create and execute high-quality, engaging, and scalable programs and educational activities online and in-person. Use lessons learned to continue to build out the K-12 programs and set annual strategy for K-12 youth education programs, reflecting DEIA principles.

Support 3rd and 12th grade teachers in developing lesson plans related to neighborhood history and Home Rule and DC Statehood respectively. In addition, align educational programs with Common Core and DC education standards to encourage teachers to incorporate local history in all grades.

Develop long-term relationships with the DC Public School system; public, charter, and private schools; and teachers to support achieving program goals.

Convene, lead, and engage the DC History Center’s Teacher Advisory Group.

Manage all in-person and virtual program logistics (including the online platform used to deliver content for virtual events), and day-of details for youth education programs.

In collaboration with research & scholarship team, manage all communication with K-12 teachers seeking DC History Center resources, including Kiplinger Research Library class visit requests.

Represent DC History Center in educational partnerships including the DC Declaration of Learning professional development program, the DC Arts & Humanities Education Collaborative, National History Day, and teacher learning events held by community partners, such as Teaching for Change.

Assess programmatic outcomes and utilize lessons learned to improve programs.

Shape education budget and support fundraising.

DC History Conference (15%)

Identify achievable and impactful opportunities for K-12 educators and students to participate in the DC History Conference.

Lead effort to communicate with and engage K-12 educators and students as attendees at the DC History Conference.

Attend DC History Conference planning committee meetings and community committee meetings, working with committee members to achieve goals.

Community Outreach (10%)

In support of youth education and the DC History Conference, seek active short-term and long-term partnerships with community-based organizations in all eight Wards.

Collaborate with all DC History Center team members to identify priority partners and strengthen these relationships.

Engage with the DC History Center’s advisory groups, including the Community Council, to seek resources and partnerships that support programmatic goals.

General (10%)

Assist with “all hands” events, such as DC History Center fundraising events.

Occasionally support the program manager and research services librarian with programming if needed.

Attend staff meetings.

Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
The education manager will be an outstanding communicator, a detail-oriented and highly organized professional, and a flexible, collaborative team player. They will demonstrate initiative and a high level of self-direction in ensuring seamless student-and-teacher programming from start to finish. Familiarity with, and enthusiasm for sharing the culture, history, and diversity of our city will be a strong plus.

Bachelor’s degree with experience in either youth education, museums, archives, libraries, or a related humanities field with one or more of the following:

2+ years of experience coordinating educational programs in museums, archives, libraries, or a related humanities field, including experience aligning content to standards and best practices in social studies education

2+ years of experience with K-12 education, including curriculum development and lesson planning using object-based learning; DC schools preferred.

Master’s degree in education, history, museum studies, library science or related field with practical experience in K-12 education

Experience, skills, or aptitude with digital education, virtual engagement platforms, and/or multi-modal and digital storytelling, such as video, photography, audio, and text

Strong interest in public history, with focus on local DC history

Outstanding written communication and verbal communication skills.

Track record of successful project management.

Adept at handling multiple priorities and maintaining high productivity with accuracy and attention to detail.

Availability for some evening and weekend work required.
Compensation & Benefits
Starting salary $50,000 - $60,000 depending on experience. Comprehensive benefits package includes health, dental, and vision; life and disability insurance; and 403(b) plan with employer match. Central downtown location easily accessible from all Metro lines."	11192	Washington
Program Manager - Digital Services	Ad Hoc Team	Alexandria, VA	None	"This is a remote position.

Ad Hoc is a digital services company that helps the federal government better serve people. Our team of experts from across commercial industry and government brings the modern skills necessary to help agencies transform public services into digital services. Our work enables agencies to meet the needs of their users while closing the gap between consumer expectations and government.

At Ad Hoc, a Program Manager is responsible for keeping programs on timeline, scope, and price. That means everything from high-level project planning such as crafting project milestones, epics, and schedules, to finance projection and reconciliation, to personnel management. You'll ensure that the project has everything it needs to be successful. In this position you will also play a technical role working to sign off on all solutions that are provided to clients.

Requirements

Our Federal contracts require that you be a U.S. Citizen to be eligible for employment.
All work must be conducted within the U.S.
As a contractor to the federal government, all hires may be required to complete additional background screenings at the time of hire or any time thereafter as requested

What You'll Do

Develop strong customer relationships to understand needs, maximize customer satisfaction, and identify new opportunities
Manage team members and finances
Interview and select new team members
Conduct performance reviews
Serve as the final authority on product and technical solutions for clients

What You'll Bring

People Management: demonstrated ability to manage humans.
Systems Management: demonstrated ability to organize people, technology, culture, and operations to drive solutions to significantly complex business problems.
Client Management: demonstrated ability to maximize client satisfaction in a contractual relationship.
Written Technical Expression: demonstrated use of plain language to communicate information that others comprehend.
Strategic Thinking: demonstrated ability to plan programs in ways that benefit the organization over a long term.
Tactical Implementation: demonstrated ability to implement a strategic plan in small, iterative cycles.
Entrepreneurism: Ability to identify and implement opportunities tied to revenue streams.
Financial Management: Ability to accurately forecast profit and loss for a program.
Executive Leadership: Ability to nurture and grow managers.
External Awareness: Remains current on external forces that may impact the organization or tech community.

Benefits

Company-subsidized Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Vanguard 401K Plan
Unlimited Vacation
Continuing Education/Annual Conference Attendance Stipend

Ad Hoc LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, pregnancy, disability, work-related injury, covered veteran status, political ideology, marital status, or any other factor that the law protects from employment discrimination."	11192	Washington
Proposal Manager For IT & Software	SM&A	Herndon, VA	From $116 an hour	"If you were standing in front of a building that was on fire, would you rush in to save lives?

When making a tough call, does your gut win over your head and heart?

When playing Rock Paper Scissors, do you look for and exploit patterns in the behavior of your opponent?

When you open the newspaper, do you immediately go for the crossword?

Do you prefer the unexpected over routine?

If you answered Yes to any of these questions, then stop looking for a job! Join SMA for an adventure:
• Take control of your career • Help accomplish great things • See the results of your hard work

The Job: Proposal Manager For IT & Software
Proposal Manager For IT & Software: A Proposal Manager leads the development of winning federal (B2G) or commercial (B2B) proposals, and has project management skills and leadership experience. This includes overall development, maintenance, and execution of proposal development plan and schedule, and day-to-day focus, prioritization, and leadership to develop a compliant and compelling proposal. They manage a proposal team including volume leads, proposal writers, graphic artists and desktop publishers.
Career Stage: Principal Associate
Location: Herndon,VA, United States
Period of Performance: 07/12/2021 to 08/31/2021
Additional Qualifications
Desired Market Area Experience: IT & Software » Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Systems
Required Security Clearance: DoD Secret
Pay: Project-based at approximately $133.00/Hour ranging from $116.00/Hour to $150.00/Hour USD (paid in the currency of residence)
Reference ID: O-013775.01
About Us: We are SMA, the leader in professional services for project-based industries. We help companies win in their markets by informing their strategic choices, improving their competitiveness, and performing on critical projects. Join our community of over 650 professionals like yourself—all confident in their capabilities and who want choices that will accelerate their career. We offer flexible work opportunities, meritocratic pay and benefits. To learn more about SMA, please visit our website at www.smawins.com, and follow us on Glassdoor, Facebook and LinkedIn.
About You: You have approximately up to 20 years of experience in this role
You are relentless in solving problems, work well in teams, and enjoy a challenge
You are a citizen of country where the opportunity is located or have to right to work in that country, and have completed the appropriate level of education in a relevant field
You are looking for adventure!
SMA is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religious creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. As a condition of employment SMA will require proof of your legal ability to work in the United States and conduct a background check and drug test. If employment is for a location outside of the US, proof of work permit or other legal ability to work in that country is required."	11192	Washington
Data Specialist I	ARK Solutions	Washington, DC	None	"Project Description:
Provide litigation support services

Position Details:
Role Title: Data Specialist I

Education / Certification Requirement: Undergraduate degree preferred; preferably in the computer science or information management/technology fields.
Technical certification valued.
Position-specific Required Skills: This is an entry level position.
Requires some experience with the applications actually being supported.
Knowledge of file manipulation applications and experience with LAW, IPRO, ICONECT, and Relativity, is extremely helpful.
Knowledge of Governments IT environment, including office automation networks, PC and server based applications very helpful

Position-specific Desired/Required Skills Performs loading, conversion services, and database indexing.
Creates and modifies files for upload into COTS products and performs individual file conversion in support of electronic file processing.
Must be able to ensure the accuracy of data loading, manipulation, and conversion by performing and documenting quality and accuracy checks.
Performs basic tasks related to exporting data from contractor and DOJ databases.

Day-to-Day Responsibilities: This is an entry level position under the supervision of a Senior Data Specialist or data processing manager.
Performs loading, conversion services, and database indexing.
Creates and modifies files for upload into COTS products and performs individual file conversion in support of electronic file processing.
Must be able to ensure the accuracy of data loading, manipulation, and conversion by performing and documenting quality and accuracy checks.
Performs basic tasks related to exporting data from contractor and DOJ databases.

Required Skills:
Data Specialist, years of Experience"	11192	Washington
HelpDesk Trainer Analyst	Greenstein DeLorme & Luchs P.C.	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	$60,000 - $80,000 a year	IT helpdesk analyst/trainer PositionSKILLS/QUALIFICATIONSGood working knowledge and experience with law office core software, including Office 2010, Office 2016, NetDocs, iScrub, iCreate, Access, Citrix, Workshare, Share File, DropBox, Windows 7 and Windows 10, Ricoh copiers and general desktop troubleshooting).Strong communication and interpersonal skills, high energy, creativity and initiative imperative.The ability to work independently and make good independent judgments.General experience with Windows server (2003, 2008, 2012 and 2016) is also preferred.Supports firm web page which is supported by Word Press.Ability to openly communicate with IT Manager regarding any issues.General knowledge of IP Phones.Acts as a subject matter expert with respect to local workstation application installation, configuration and troubleshooting.Works independently to learn how to install, troubleshoot, document and support new applications.Possess excellent problem solving skills.Thoroughly documents resolutions in IT HelpDesk program.Ability to work well under pressure.Ability to provide end-user training on firm applications.Ability to work professionally and in an environment with minimal or no supervision.Exceptional customer service and telephone skills essential.Must be flexible for overtime and available to work weekend/holiday coverage periodically. Participates in after-hours support as needed.Must continually maintain and expand working knowledge of current Firm-supported and future technologies to provide technically accurate solutions to end-users.Ability to lift and move 50 pounds.RESPONSIBILITIESAct as main point of contact for major escalation issues, including coordination of Level 2 & 3 escalation to firm level IT senior management.Answer and respond to all help desk calls in a timely manner.Research solutions to help desk calls when no available solutions are available.Interface with attorneys and legal support staff to ensure business requirements are understood and needs are met.Foster collaborative relationships with peers, vendors and internal customers to ensure users are receiving excellent service, training and assistance.Provide implementation support and services for IT desktop technology initiatives as it relates to support and training.Utilize firm IT solutions and support knowledgebase and work order tracking for user support metrics.Contacts outside vendors for support on applications when necessary.Participate in the creation and maintenance of end-user documentation and training programs as it relates to the responsible region or office.Provide regular training courses and maintain training calendar.Coordinate with IT Manager regarding additional training requests.Manage Learning Management System.Schedules and coordinates all training with outside vendors when necessary.Manage software quality assurance, reporting and testing and provide effective feedback and communications to firm IT when requiring assistance in resolving and issues.Apply technical and professional expertise to manage the daily activities of the user and systems functions. Understand appropriate levels of escalation and priorities in relation to these escalations.Address helpdesk calls with root cause resolutions so they are not reoccurring issues.Set-up and conference room presentations using laptop and overhead projector.Tasks and Projects as assigned by management.Job Types: Full-time, TemporaryPay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per yearSchedule:Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:Wear a mask and hand sanitizingEducation:Associate (Preferred)Experience:Windows: 4 years (Preferred)Active Directory: 2 years (Preferred)Customer service: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11192	Washington
Executive Assistant, CG-0301-11/12	US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation	Washington, DC	$83,622 - $154,687 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the FDIC Tech Lab (FDiTech), Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, in Washington, D.C. FDiTech promotes the adoption of innovative and transformative technologies in the financial services sector to improve the efficiency, effectiveness, and stability of U.S. banking operations, services, and products and maintain public confidence in the financial system.

Responsibilities
Provides administrative operations and special project management on behalf of the Chief Innovation Officer, the Deputy Chief Innovation Officer, and other FDITech Staff as needed. The incumbent tracks deliverables, coordinating with personnel internal and external to the division to ensure project milestones are met. Researches, analyzes, coordinates and consolidates FDiTech responses. Monitors and reports out progress on mission critical projects as required by the Chief Innovation Officer.

Partners with employees and supervisors in interpreting and administering policies, procedures and regulations on various topics. Communicates policies to employees and supervisors/managers, via meetings, written communication, and presentations. Provides insight into Chief Innovation Officer's policies and positions to management and staff on sensitive or complex issues.

Prepares agendas, records and transcribes minutes of meetings; assists with budget preparation and the review of funding and tracking historical spending data, arranges travel; processes time and attendance; and creates presentations. Provides calendar management and phone coverage for Chief Innovation Officer.

Performs a variety of program support duties for the Chief Innovation Officer, Deputy Chief Innovation Officer & other FDITech Staff as needed. Implements operating procedures, processes and polices for the management of the FDiTech office, including the ongoing buildout of the new space. Anticipates the needs of the Chief Innovation Officer and provides necessary support and guidance. Performs research on matters of interest to the Chief Innovation Officer as well as a number of assignments of a sensitive or confidential nature.

Prepares a variety of routine documents, reports and other correspondence related to responses to complaints, inquiries, requests, sensitive material, and other reference material. Responsible for proofreading, and editing reports, flowcharts, memoranda, letters, and other correspondence for the Chief Innovation Officer, Deputy Chief Innovation Officer & other FDITech Staff’s as needed, preparing documents for signature. Incumbent receives general instructions on handwritten rough drafts, and is responsible for editing handwritten material and producing accurately prepared final products in a timely and efficient manner necessitated by stringent deadlines. This may involve researching and providing qualitative and quantitative analysis of data to develop the reports.

Conducts a technical review of correspondence and other documents and ensures consistency with the Corporation's procedures on completeness, timeliness, and formatting standards. Reviews outgoing correspondence, recommendations and proposed actions. Reviews material for proper form, content, grammatical correctness and conformity to Corporation policy and procedures. Assures that all materials are considered and approved by proper officials.

Compiles information from numerous sources in order to prepare a variety of regular or ad hoc reports, tables, charts, spreadsheets presentations and summaries for use by the immediate staff of the Chief Innovation Officer, Deputy Chief Innovation Officer & other FDITech Staff as needed.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - Occasional Travel may be required.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Assistants, Executive
Executive Assistants
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Registration with the Selective Service.

U.S. Citizenship is required.

Employment Conditions.

Completion of Financial Disclosure may be required.

High Risk Position – Background Investigation (BI) required.
Qualifications
Qualifying experience may be obtained in the private or public sector. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic, religious spiritual; community; student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Additional qualifications information can be found here.
To qualify, applicants must have completed at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the CG/GS-09 grade level or above in the Federal service. Specialized experience is defined as:
For CG-11 Level:

To qualify for the CG-11 level applicants must have one year of specialized experience at or above the CG/GS-09 level in the federal service; or possess a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree; or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related; or a combination of education and specialized experience as described below.

Applicants must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the grade 09 level, or higher, in the Federal service. Specialized experience is: experience providing administrative support to officials at various division/office levels, dealing with confidential matters; independently managing his or her schedule, meetings, travel arrangements, events, incoming phone calls; and preparing and editing correspondence, briefings and presentations in addition to providing general administrative support.

For CG-12 Level:

Applicants must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the grade CG/GS-11 level, or higher, in the Federal service. Specialized experience is: defined as experience providing administrative support to a senior level official at the division/office director level or higher, dealing with confidential matters; independently managing his or her schedule, meetings, travel arrangements, and preparing and editing correspondence, briefings and presentations.

Applicants must have met the qualification requirements (including selective placement factors – if any) for this position within 30 calendar days of the closing date of this announcement.

Applicants eligible for ICTAP (Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program) must achieve a score of 85 “well qualified” for this position. For more information, Click Here.
Education
If you are using education to qualify for the grade 11, you must upload transcripts to qualify.

There is no substitution of education for the experience for this position for the grade 12.
Additional information
If selected, you may be required to serve a probationary or trial period as applicable to appointment type.

To read about your rights and responsibilities as an applicant for Federal employment, click here.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your resume and the online assessment questionnaire will be reviewed, to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements outlined in this announcement. Therefore, it is imperative that your resume contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make the qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

Your resume will also be evaluated to measure your responses to the assessment questions. If you rated yourself higher on the questionnaire than what is supported by your resume, your overall qualifications assessment may be adversely affected.

Top ranked candidates will be referred to the selecting official for further review and consideration.

The competencies/knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) you will be assessed on are listed below.

1. Knowledge of the Corporation's policies, programs, and missions, and evaluative techniques, processes, and methods sufficient to research and analyze complex and sensitive inquires and issues to draft responses and reports.

2. Knowledge of a wide range of administrative concepts and practices, as well as general travel regulations and guiding principles to provide support.

3. Ability to research, compile and summarize information to prepare a range of documents for the Chief Innovation Officer, Deputy Chief Innovation Officer & other FDITech Staff as needed, while maintaining confidentiality.

4. Skill in writing, editing, and oral communication to timely, accurately convey information with appropriate tone.

5. Skill in the use of Microsoft Office Suite and Outlook software to create spreadsheets, PowerPoints, written memos, correspondence and automated forms, and ability to assist staff in the use of such software.

You do not need to respond separately to these KSAs. Your answers to the online questionnaire and resume will serve as responses to the KSAs.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
High Risk (HR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Failure to provide all of the required documentation as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible determination or may affect your consideration status. Please review the following to determine your eligibility and which document(s) is required to complete your application:
EDUCATION DOCUMENTS: If you are using education to meet all or part of the qualification requirements, submit a copy of your college transcript (an unofficial transcript is acceptable). Education must be from accredited institutions. For a listing of accredited educational institutions, click here. An official transcript will be required if you are selected. If you attended more than one university and need to send multiple transcripts, please upload/fax all transcripts as one document.
Foreign Education: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program. For more information, click here.

VETERANS EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY ACT (VEOA) ELIGIBLES AND SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITIES FOR VETERANS: If you are applying for consideration under VEOA and special hiring authorities for veterans, click here. You must submit documentation (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, SF-15, etc.) to demonstrate veterans’ eligibility.

SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITIES FOR PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES: If you are applying for consideration under special appointing authorities for people with disabilities, you will be required to provide proof of disability documentation to specify that you are a person who (1) has a severe physical disability; (2) an intellectual disability; or (3) a psychiatric disability. The documentation does NOT need to detail your specific disability, medical history, or need for accommodation, however; the letter MUST clearly state that you are eligible for appointment under this authority and that your eligibility is based on a severe physical disability; an intellectual disability; or a psychiatric disability. THE DOCUMENTATION MUST HAVE BEEN OBTAINED FROM: (a). Licensed medical professionals; or (b). State or private vocational rehabilitation specialists; or (c). Any Government agency (e.g., VA, etc.) that issues or provides disability benefit. THE DOCUMENTATION MUST INCLUDE: a statement that you are eligible based on one of the following: severe physical disability, an intellectual disability, or a psychiatric disability. To view sample Schedule A proof of disability letters, click here, and for more information on this special appointing authority, click here. Please note that employees hired under this Schedule A hiring authority will be required to complete a Standard Form 256 to identify their disability status.
INTERAGENCY TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (ICTAP): If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee eligible for consideration under the ICTAP, you must submit proof of eligibility. For more information, click here.

CURRENT FEDERAL EMPLOYEES OR REINSTATEMENT ELIGIBLES WITH COMPETITIVE STATUS: A copy of your most recent SF Form 50, Notification of Personnel Action that shows: (1) permanent or career-conditional tenure (codes 1 or 2, in block 24), and (2) position occupied in the competitive service (code 1, in block 34). If reinstatement eligible include your Career/Career conditional SF-50. To be considered as a non-competitive eligible candidate, the SF-50 must show the highest grade level or full performance level applicant has attained competitively on a permanent basis, and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying.

NONCOMPETITIVE CONVERSION ELIGIBLES UNDER A PATHWAYS PROGRAM: If you are applying under this noncompetitive conversion authority, you must provide proof of program completion. A letter from your current agency certifying completion is acceptable documentation.
FDIC EMPLOYEES: Submit a final digitally signed copy of your most recent Annual Performance Appraisal and Evaluation form. The final PDF form is also acceptable. If you want to be considered non-competitively include a copy of your SF-50. The SF-50 must show the highest grade level or full performance level applicant has attained competitively on a permanent basis, and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
In addition to the regular benefits offered by Federal agencies, the FDIC offers additional benefits to its employees. These benefits, some at minimal cost, are some of the best and most competitive in both the private and public sectors.

To find out more, click here.

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Applicants with status (i.e., current permanent Federal employees in the competitive service and former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility); those eligible for appointment under special hiring authorities; and veterans eligible for a VEOA appointment."	11192	Washington
Coordinator, Programming	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity. We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community. Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Kennedy Center’s Programming Department is a dynamic, creative, and dedicated group of arts administrators. The shared services team includes three unique and boundary pushing teams – Chamber, Classical New Music, and Jazz; Special Programming & Comedy; and Hip Hop Culture and Contemporary Music, allowing for exciting cross-discipline collaboration with an emphasis on work with Artistic Directors Renée Fleming, Joseph “Yossi” Kalichstein, Jason Moran, and Q-Tip.

The Coordinator, Programming will support the administrative aspects and day-to-day operations for all three teams. This position is essential in delivering a variety of services that ensure the efficient operation of the team and advancement of each team’s performance seasons.

The ecosystem of the shared services department requires staff to work across all genres as assigned by the Manager, Programming, learning about each genre while assisting with show duty, festivals, internally produced performances and/or events, and other large-scale projects.

The Coordinator must be able to exercise discretion in order to prioritize assignments and work under significant pressure, as many projects are time sensitive and involve concurrent deadlines. An eagerness to take initiative, communicate, work both independently and in a team setting, and problem solve with a positive attitude are essential.

Duties and Responsibilities

20% Project Management: Act as line producer for performances and other Kennedy Center events including, but not limited to artist advance, contracting, artist payments, and liaising with relevant internal departments (Production, Box Office, Marketing, PR, etc.) for productions in the Terrace Theater, Family Theater, REACH Campus, Millennium Stage, and virtual offerings.

20% Assist with the day-to-day management and administrative support for Chamber, Classical New Music, Jazz, Special Programming & Comedy, and Hip Hop Culture and Contemporary Music genres under the respective Director and/or Assistant Manager and Manager, Programming.

20% Company management including arranging travel, housing, and hospitality for visiting artists when required.

20% Assist the Manager, Programming with day-to-day management and administrative support of the Shared Services Department including, but not limited to taking meeting minutes, expense reimbursements, ordering office and show supplies, and guiding department interns.

10% Communicate confirmed programming information to marketing and confirmed production information to production.

5% Research, ideate, and assist towards implementation thereof, of artists, themes, and concepts as they pertain to Comedy & Special Programming. Attend live performances of new products whenever possible.

5% Payroll processing for all union and non-union employees working on produced shows.

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

1-2 years’ experience in an administrative or artist services department.
Interest/knowledge in music or the performing arts.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Must exercise good judgment, show initiative, and handle sensitive data in a trustworthy manner.
Strong organizational skills and the ability to work independently as well as in a team environment.
Discretion, maturity, and composure, especially under pressure.
Familiarity of working with contracts strongly encouraged.
Ability to establish priorities and juggle numerous assignments.
High standards and sense of responsibility.
Interest in positive interpersonal interaction, openness to diverse work situations and sense of humor strongly encouraged.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Must be able to work odd-hours, including evenings, weekends, holidays, and occasional work beyond 40 hours/week. Must be on-call during certain performances and company travel days.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is low. Travel is not required for this position.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11192	Washington
Foreign Service Facility Manager	U.S. Department of State	Washington, DC (Foggy Bottom area)	$70,708 - $112,606 a year	"Overview
Accepting applications
Open & closing dates

06/16/2021 to 07/20/2021

Service

Excepted

Pay scale & grade

FP 04

Salary

$70,708 to $112,606 per year

Appointment type

Permanent - Permanent after tenure granted by a Foreign Service Specialist (FSS) Tenure Board.

Work schedule

Full-TimeLocation
Department of State Posts - Overseas and Domestic, United States
MANY vacancies
Relocation expenses reimbursed

Yes After completing orientation and initial training in Washington, D.C., a Foreign Service Facility Manager usually is assigned to two consecutive overseas tours, each two years in length, directed by the Department. After the initial two tours, assignments will be for periods of one to three years overseas or in the United States.

Telework eligible

NoThis job is open to
The public

U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.

Clarification from the agency

Must be a U.S. citizen. Potential applicants should read the entire announcement to ensure that they meet all requirements and understand a Foreign Service career. Applicants may not reapply for one year after their previous application for the same position. If a State Department Suitability Review Panel denied suitability in the last two years, you may not apply (except Diplomatic Security Special Agent (SA) candidates whose denial was based solely on the unique requirements for SAs).

Announcement number

FM-2021-0003

Control number

604541700

DutiesDuties
Summary

The U.S. Department of State is developing a rank-ordered list of eligible hires for a limited number of Foreign Service Facility Manager positions. Visit https://careers.state.gov/obo for more information on a career with the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations (OBO).

Joining the Foreign Service is more than just salary. Refer to the Benefits section for more information on total compensation.

This is a 6217 Foreign Service position equivalent to the 1640 CS Series.

Learn more about this agency
Responsibilities

Facility Managers (FMs) are the professional facilities, technical, and operations experts at U.S. diplomatic missions around the world. Assigned to more than 200 worldwide locations, FMs support the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations (OBO) mission to provide safe, secure, functional, and resilient facilities abroad. FMs are responsible for the management and maintenance of U.S. government assets within accepted U.S. industry standards. They deliver a wide range of building-related services, manage physical resources such as critical building systems, and direct operations in office and residential properties. FMs are key members of the Management teams at our Embassies and Consulates, leading large and diverse teams of engineers, technicians, and tradespersons. FMs may be assigned as Regional Facility Managers with responsibilities for FM program activities in several countries.

The duties of this position include:
Facility Operation and Maintenance and Asset Management

Coordinates facility management activities managing American and locally employed professional, technical, and trade staff with a variety of skill levels and diverse backgrounds.
Develops annual maintenance work plan, preventative maintenance plan and schedules.
Oversees operation, maintenance, repairs, schedules, and modifications of the physical plant, physical structures and grounds.
Develops comprehensive preventative maintenance and repair programs and schedules to include maintenance and repair resource estimates.
Initiates and assists with contract development, drafts scopes of work and oversees contractor performance. Serves as the contracting officer representative (COR).
Institutes maintenance policy, determines facility condition indexes, performs annual facility condition surveys, and performs annual inspection surveys.
Ensures maintenance of security systems.
Manages energy resources by monitoring and improving post energy use. Ensures utilities availability.
Maintains real property inventory and ensures that the computerized maintenance management system is fully utilized and monitors performance metrics.
Monitors building automation systems such as complex HVAC systems and load build-up in chillers and generators.

Management of the Facility Management Office and Strategic Planning

Performs FM-related long range planning, modifies long range plan, maintains post’s mission requirements/master plan, establishes performance goals and objectives, analyzes and advocates for resources.
Manages project development, designs, and oversees construction work.
Oversees prioritization of work and establishment of work schedules.
Plans facility budget, allocates funds and manages sustainment, restoration, and modernization funds.
Manages customer service, monitors performance standards, institutes quality control procedures, and oversees customer surveys. Supports and coordinates with tenants from other agencies.
Analyzes facility management data to track effectiveness of FM program using key performance metrics and demonstrates that maintenance funds and assets are efficiently used.
Supervises staff to include developing staffing plans, advocating for resources, writing position requests and position descriptions, training and mentoring staff to improve professional proficiency, preparing employee evaluations, and participating in hiring and separating of staff.
Prepares written reports and other documents and delivers briefings.
Conducts space planning and management.
Contributes to real estate decisions.

Safety Management

Serves as the safety officer and oversees safety training to ensure safe work practices.
Reports, reviews, and investigates mishaps.
Manages the continuous fire prevention program.
Performs safety certifications of leased properties.
Supports emergency preparedness and prepares emergency contingency plans.
Manages environmental controls and abatements and proper handling of HAZMAT.
Oversees testing of post water and ambient air quality.
Ensures CDC and EPA cleaning and disinfecting guidance is followed.

FMs are considered “essential personnel” and are on call to provide services 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Travel Required

Occasional travel - A Foreign Service Facility Manager generally spends the majority of his/her career assigned to the Department of State’s overseas missions and at times, lives away from family and/or in difficult or isolated conditions. Selected applicants will be notified of an Oral Assessment (OA) requirement in Washington D.C. For the selected applicants, all travel and other expenses incurred in connection with the OA are the sole responsibility of the applicant.

Supervisory status

Yes

Promotion Potential

FPMC

Job family (Series)

1640 Facility Operations Services

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Be a U.S. citizen and available for worldwide service.*
Be able to obtain a Top Secret Security Clearance.
Be able to obtain an appropriate Foreign Service Medical Clearance.
Be able to obtain a favorable Suitability Review Panel determination.**
Be at least 20 years old to apply; at least 21 years old to be appointed.
Be appointed prior to age 60 (preference eligible veterans excepted).***

A Foreign Service Facility Manager (FM) in the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations (OBO) manages the operations and maintenance of the Department of State's real property assets abroad.

A Facility Manager must adhere to the highest standards of integrity, dependability, attention to detail, teamwork, and cooperation while accepting the need to travel, to live overseas, and when necessary, to live away from family.

Qualifications

Specialized Experience demonstrates that the applicant has acquired, and is able to apply, a combination of specific knowledge, skills and abilities appropriate to this Foreign Service position. All such experience MUST have been performed within the last 10 years. For the minimum required years of Specialized Experience necessary relative to the highest level of completed education, please see the Education Requirements section. To qualify as Specialized Experience, the duties MUST have a combination of the components listed below for at least 60% of the work duties. Part-time work experience will be prorated

Facility Management: Managing facility operations and maintenance activities at commercial office and/or residential apartment buildings and/or inventory of multiple properties to include grounds. Planning maintenance activities. Developing and overseeing preventative and non-preventative maintenance and repair programs.
Project Management: Initiating, planning, executing, and monitoring projects such as construction, renovation, rehabilitation and/or maintenance and repair projects.
Contract Management: Drafting scopes of work and specifications, managing contracts and monitoring contractor performance.
Supervision and Talent Management: Supervising and leading teams of three or more staff in facility management, facility engineering, engineering in general, architectural design, construction, or project management. Assigning work and setting goals, justifying position requests, writing position descriptions, hiring, training and evaluating.
Resource Management: Advocating for resources, preparing budget estimates and plans, and managing budgets.
Management and Technical: Versed in technical/engineering operations and facilities management best practices. Working knowledge of building systems and equipment to include Building Automation Systems. Working with projects that require specialized knowledge of engineering drawings and design. Familiarity with safety, physical security, environmental safety and health practices and procedures. Working knowledge of computerized maintenance management systems (CMMS) and project management software.

Knowledge, Skills, and Other Characteristics

Knowledge of facility maintenance management planning, safety and physical security practices and procedures, environmental safety and health practices and procedures, acquisition and contracting procedures to include service contracts, contractor performance and statements of work, basic facility accounting, computer applications, facility management fundamentals, physical plant operations, and technical expertise, knowledge of physical plant operation, building structures, and grounds, architectural and engineering drawings, facility condition inspection, EEO policies, construction methods, human resources/talent management policies, building codes, facility warranty process, machines and tools, cost analysis, and principles of real property inventory and methods. Familiarity with design applications such as CAD is desirable.
Specialized skills in customer service; being adaptable and resilient; leadership; interpersonal relationships; active listening; project management; time management; working with others with diverse backgrounds; motivating employees and others; managing laterally and upward; resource management; building relationships; critical thinking; leading a multinational workgroup; risk analysis; self-development; formulating cost and planning estimates; personnel evaluating and interviewing; computer technology; writing statements of work; architectural and engineering drawings; managing installation; data analysis; and negotiation.
General skills in persuasion, mathematics, monitoring, social perceptiveness, coordination, service orientation, management of financial resources, learning strategies, instructing, operations analysis, management of personnel resources, active learning, management of material resources, complex problem identification, equipment selection, science, negotiation, systems evaluation, judgment and decision making, systems analysis, quality control analysis; operation monitoring, operation and control, troubleshooting, installation, equipment maintenance, technology and design, and repairing.
Superior oral and written communication skills: in order to perform the duties of an FM, successful applicants must consistently meet a high standard for English, both written (overall structure as well as grammar, spelling and punctuation) and spoken (overall structure as well as delivery, clarity and succinctness).
Other requirements: cross-cultural interest, tolerance of travel, tolerance of working overseas, tolerance of varying work environments, worldwide availability, tolerance of living away from family, continuous learning, attention to detail, dependability, accountability, integrity and willing to perform other duties.

Essential Physical Requirements:
Some of the essential functions of the Facility Management (FM) job have a physically demanding component. In the execution of the duties and tasks listed above, Facility Managers MUST have:

Mental Endurance: Ability to maintain attention for extended periods or work long hours.
Speaking: Ability to speak clearly enough so others will understand, including speaking to groups.
Mobility: Ability to walk moderate distances, climb stairs, or access work stations and vehicles.
Climbing: Ability to climb stairs, ladders, and other inclines.
Vision: Ability to see objects that are near, far, or at night.
Tolerance for Extreme Environmental Conditions: Ability to tolerate heat, cold, noise, or pollution.
Hearing: Ability to hear speech or other sounds, possibly including sufficient sensitivity to hear sounds of low volume or in noisy environments.
Physical Endurance: Ability to perform movements repeatedly or continually, possibly including the ability to stand for extended periods or take frequent extended trips by plane or car.
Crawling: Ability to crawl under, around, or over objects.
Torso Flexibility: Ability to bend, stretch, stoop, twist, or reach.
Strength: Ability to lift, push, pull, carry, climb ladders, or balance.
Dexterity: Ability to manipulate small objects with hands or fingers.
Education

At the time of application, applicants MUST have one of the following:

Bachelor’s degree in any major and three years Specialized Experience in the last 10 years; or
Master’s degree or higher in any major and two years Specialized Experience in the last 10 years; or
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Facility Management or Facilities Engineering (does not require Specialized Experience).

Part-time work experience will be prorated.

You must submit a copy of your university transcript(s) with your application. If you do not submit this documentation to demonstrate your educational achievements, your candidacy will not continue.

Official or unofficial transcripts may be submitted with your application. Your transcript must include your name, the school’s name, and, if applicable, the degree and date awarded and have no missing pages. A transcript missing any of these elements will not pass the minimum qualifications and the candidacy will not continue. Copies of diplomas may not be submitted in lieu of transcripts for education above high school level.

Education from a program or institution within the United States must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education, http://ope.ed.gov/accreditation, in order to be credited towards qualifications.

Education completed in foreign high schools, colleges or universities may be used to meet the education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Only accredited organizations recognized as specializing in the interpretation of foreign education credentials that are members of the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) or the Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc. (AICE) are accepted. If documentation from an accredited organization is not provided, your candidacy will not continue.

AICE: www.aice-eval.org/members

For further information on the evaluation of foreign education, please refer to the Office of Personnel Management and the U.S. Department of Education. The U.S. Department of State neither endorses nor recommends any individual evaluation service.

OPM: www.opm.gov
U.S. Department of Education: http://www.ed.gov

Additional information


EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PROGRAM (E-Verify) – Verification of employment eligibility in the United States is required.

U.S. law requires organizations to employ only individuals who may legally work in the United States – either U.S. citizens, or foreign citizens who have the necessary authorization. This agency utilizes E-Verify to compare information from the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, to data from U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Social Security Administration (SSA) records to confirm employment eligibility. If the employee’s information does not match DHS and/or SSA records, the employee is given an opportunity to resolve the problem. If eligibility cannot be verified, employment will be terminated.

**The Department of State Suitability Review Panel and standards are defined in Chapter 3 of the Foreign Affairs Manual. For more information please visit: https://fam.state.gov/.

***For more information about Veteran’s Preference and how it is applied in the selection process, please visit: https://careers.state.gov/faq-items/vets-hiring-preference/

No applicant will be considered who has previously been separated from the Foreign Service under sections §607, §608, §610 or §611 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as amended, or who resigned or retired in lieu of separation under these provisions. In addition, no applicant will be considered who has previously been separated for failure to receive a career appointment under section §306 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, as amended, or who resigned or retired in lieu thereof.

A Foreign Service Specialist separated for failure to receive a career appointment under section 306 may not re-apply to be a Foreign Service Specialist in the same skill code but may apply for another skill code or to be a Foreign Service Generalist.

Executive Branch agencies are barred by 5 US Code 3303 as amended from accepting or considering prohibited political recommendations and are required to return any prohibited political recommendations to sender. In addition, as mandated by 5 US Code 3110, relatives of federal employees cannot be granted preference in competing for these employment opportunities.

It is the policy of the Federal Government to treat all employees with dignity and respect and to provide a workplace that is free from discrimination whether discrimination is based on race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity or pregnancy), national origin, disability, political affiliation, marital status, membership in an employee organization, age, sexual orientation, or other non-merit factors.

The Department of State provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodations for any part of the application or hiring process should so advise the Department at ReasonableAccomodations@state.gov, within one week of receiving their invitation to the oral assessment. Decisions for granting reasonable accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis.How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Candidates will be evaluated on their total background including experience, education, awards, training, and self-development as it relates to the position. Selection for this position will be made only from among candidates possessing the best qualifications. Part-time work experience will be prorated.

To preview questions please click here.Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance

Top Secret

Drug test required

Yes

Required DocumentsRequired Documents

It is the responsibility of the applicant to ensure all required documents are uploaded and the application is complete before the closing deadline of this announcement. Any missing required documents or incomplete applications will result in your application not being considered further.

Résumé from USAJobs Résumé Builder, which is the only résumé format that is accepted for this Vacancy Announcement.
Complete online application including the required Accomplishments Questionnaire and Statement of Interest narratives in the online application.
All required supporting documentation, including proof of educational achievements, certifications, professional licenses, or completed forms as required in this Vacancy Announcement.
Veteran’s Preference documentation for applicants aged 60 to 65. If claiming a 5 pt. Veteran’s Preference, you must submit a copy of your DD-214 or Certification of service at the time of your application. If claiming a 10 pt. Veteran’s Preference, you must submit your VA letter and SF-15, in addition to your DD-214 or Certification of service at the time of your application. A Certification must be from the armed forces certifying the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty under honorable conditions within 120 days after the Certification is submitted by the applicant and should include military service dates, date of expected discharge or release, and character of service and disability rating, if applicable.

Accomplishments Questionnaire and Statement of Interest

These required questions provide an opportunity to describe examples and accomplishments from your education, life, and/or work experience that demonstrate your qualifications for becoming a Foreign Service Specialist. Examples can be drawn from any part of your professional, school, or other personal experience. Each response is limited to 300 words or fewer (maximum length 2,000 characters) for each item. You should compose your replies carefully, as one of the skills necessary to succeed as a Foreign Service Specialist is the ability to write clearly and concisely. Answers to all of the items in the Accomplishments Questionnaire and Statement of Interest are required and MUST be completed in the online application or your candidacy will not be continued.

Substantive Knowledge: Using your knowledge of facility management , give what you consider to be the best example of a situation where you found a solution to a practical facility management problem. Indicate the nature of the problem, who was affected by the problem and in what way, and the results or benefits of your solution.
Intellectual Skills: Describe a time when you had to analyze a complex facility management-related situation and make a quick decision. What process did you follow for making the decision and what might you have done better?
Interpersonal Skills: Please provide an example that demonstrates you are good at working with others in difficult situations. What exactly did you do that shows you have this skill?
Communication Skills: Describe a situation in which you used your communication skills to describe a technical issue to a non-technical audience. How did you translate the technical concepts to laypersons so they would understand without “dumbing down”?
Managerial Skills: Facility Managers are required to manage projects, demonstrating the ability to plan and organize, set priorities, employ a systematic approach, and allocate time and resources efficiently. Describe a project that you managed and how you demonstrated these skills to achieve the project’s goals.
Leadership Skills: Describe a time when you identified a serious problem involving facility management services that required immediate action where you had to exhibit leadership to motivate and guide others to solve the problem. What leadership principles did you use?

Required narrative Statement of Interest which discusses your:

Motivation for joining the Foreign Service.
Relevant work experience, including any unique strengths not described elsewhere such as special skills (e.g. computer), current licenses, certifications, honors, awards, special accomplishments, and/or training (with date completed) relating to this position.
Experience living or working in a multicultural environment, overseas or in the United States.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

BenefitsBenefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.
Opens in a new window
Learn more about federal benefits.

Agency Benefits

Benefits include health and medical coverage, federal retirement benefits, and paid leave. Overseas benefits include tax-free housing overseas, tax-free education allowance for dependent children between K-12 overseas, and an unrivaled opportunity to see the world and experience different cultures.

The salary listed comes from the Foreign Service Overseas pay scale at the low end and the Washington D.C. pay scale at the high end. For information on Foreign Service salary, visit https://careers.state.gov/faqs/faqs-wiki/foreign-service-salary-matching-pay-tables-danger-pay-overseas-moving-expenses-and-taxes.

Review our benefits

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

How to Apply

How To Apply

Submit your application early, not waiting for the deadline, as application packages must be complete, submitted, and received by the closing date/time to be considered. There are no exceptions.

From this Vacancy Announcement, click on “Apply.” Go to the USAJobs Log In screen and log into your USAJobs account or follow the link and instructions to create an account.
Follow the USAJobs Application Process and provide your required USAJobs federal online resume.
USAJobs will transfer you to the State Department online application site, Monster Government Service (MGS). Follow the instructions and answer the online questions. Your Accomplishments Questionnaire and Statement of Interest responses must be completed in the online application. You may save your work and can return to the application from USAJobs at any time prior to the deadline.
Submit required documentation using one of the three methods the application system allows: Transfer documents from a USAJOBS portfolio; upload documents from your computer; or resubmit documents from a previous application.
After attaching all required supporting documentation, answering all required application questions, and completing the application steps, review the entire application packet, including the links for submitted documents.
Confirm and submit your application package, which will be used to evaluate your qualifications for this position.

The application submission deadline is 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the closing date of this announcement. It is the responsibility of the applicant to ensure all required documents are submitted and the application is complete before the closing deadline. Any missing required documents or incomplete applications will result in your application not being considered further. There are no exceptions.

Submit your application early and verify that your documents are attached. You may make changes as often as needed, up until the closing date of the announcement.

If you are having technical difficulty with the application process, please contact the Monster Help Desk by calling 1-866-656-6830 or by emailing mgshelp@monster.com. The Monster Help Desk is available Monday through Friday from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern Time.

For more information on Foreign Service Specialist hiring processes, please visit our FAQs at http://careers.state.gov/faqs. If you have any questions regarding Foreign Service careers, please visit our Careers.State.Gov site and post your question(s) on the appropriate Forum in the Connect section: http://careers.state.gov/connect/forums.Agency contact information
FM Coordinator
Phone

000-000-0000

Fax

000-000-0000

Email

FMVacancyInfo@state.gov

Address

U.S. Department of State
2401 E Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20522
United States
Learn more about this agency
Next steps

After the close of the announcement, the application status in USAJobs will say ""Reviewing Applications."" This status on USAJobs will not be updated further. You can click on ""Track this application"" for more information. Applicants will be notified by e-mail from the U.S. Department of State about the outcome of the initial application review and if they will be further considered for this Foreign Service position. We recommend adding the Department of State domain (@state.gov) as an approved sender.

Due to the high volume of applications, we ask all applicants to remain patient and await communication. It is not uncommon for several months to pass before you are informed of the results of your applications.

Fair & Transparent
Fair & Transparent

The Federal hiring process is setup to be fair and transparent. Please read the following guidance.

Equal Employment Opportunity Policy

The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) for federal employees & job applicantsReasonable Accommodation Policy

Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process should follow the instructions in the job opportunity announcement. For any part of the remaining hiring process, applicants should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.

A reasonable accommodation is any change to a job, the work environment, or the way things are usually done that enables an individual with a disability to apply for a job, perform job duties or receive equal access to job benefits.

Under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodations when:

An applicant with a disability needs an accommodation to have an equal opportunity to apply for a job.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to perform the essential job duties or to gain access to the workplace.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to receive equal access to benefits, such as details, training, and office-sponsored events.

You can request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the application or hiring process or while on the job. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

Learn more about disability employment and reasonable accommodations or how to contact an agency.Legal and regulatory guidance
Financial suitability
Social security number request
Privacy Act
Signature and false statements
Selective Service
New employee probationary period"	11192	Washington
Manager Benefits	Pearson	Columbia, MD	None	"Description
At Pearson, we’re committed to a world that’s always learning and to our talented team who makes it all possible. We are bold thinkers and standout innovators who push the boundaries of technology. We create seeds of learning that become the catalyst for the world’s innovations. Within the Pearson Virtual Schools (PVS) division we have reimagined K-12 education through our virtual school and curriculum offerings. Our schools, Connections Academy and Pearson Online Academy, provide a best-in-class online learning environment for K-12 students to acquire the skills and confidence they need to adapt and thrive in a changing world. We also support school districts with curriculum, teachers, and technology as they make the shift to online. The COVID-19 pandemic introduced significant disruption and transformation to the K-12 learning market. And as a result, our category has seen explosive growth and our business has experienced enormous increases in awareness and enrollments. This presents an incredible opportunity for our team to chart a ground-breaking path through this shifting environment to achieve continued success.
Purpose Summary
Working from home, the Manager of Benefits is responsible for overseeing Benefits, 401(k), Pension, and leave of absence. The Benefits Manager will provide services to customers across the country. Through collaboration with the VP of HR and Compensation Specialist, a customized total rewards solution will be designed for each customer to ensure they are able to attract and retain the best talent in their state with an emphasis on total rewards. The Benefits Manager will oversee a team of Benefit & Pension Specialists.
Core Tasks and Responsibilities
Administer all employee benefit programs, including, but not limited to group life insurance, medical, dental, vision, AD&D, STD, LTD, and 401(k);
Monitor FMLA, short and long-term disability, and unpaid leave for employees;
Audit the work of benefit specialists for each pay period and all data entry into the system;
Lead the annual open enrollment process including making recommendations to the senior leadership team on ways to provide plans of value to our customers, within the allocated budget;
Represent the organization as the primary contact with key benefit vendors and brokers;
Resolve administrative problems with the carrier representatives;
Monitor workers’ compensation claims, complete OHSA reporting and work with insurance carrier;
Handle retirement inquiries and ensure accurate processing of request;
Billing management for carrier and vendor invoices on monthly basis;
Act as main administrator of benefits websites;
Research new benefits programs with a focus on ensuring plans and cost structure are competitive with local school districts;
Promote consumeristic behaviors as they relate to health insurance utilization;
Utilizing data, ensure customers are understanding and maximizing their provided benefits;
Analyze claims data provided by health insurance provider to evaluate population trends;
Implement new benefit programs; arrange and conduct employee information sessions;
Evaluate and compare existing company benefits with those of other employers by analyzing other plans, surveys, and other sources of information; plan, develop and/or participate in area and industry surveys; analyze results of surveys and develop specific recommendations for review by management;
Handle benefit inquiries and complaints to ensure quick, equitable, courteous resolution;
Prepare Form 5500; assure compliance with recordkeeping in accordance with government regulations;
Oversee the maintenance of human resources records involving enrollment, application, and claims;
Manage day-to-day activities for HR benefits team;
Complete and deliver annual performance reviews for direct reports;
Support new school start up and ensure plans meet all state and SOA requirements;
Assist with various research projects and/or special projects; and
Other duties as assigned.
Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
Qualifications
Four year college degree, with HR focus preferred
Four to eight years of HR experience, with a concentration in benefits
Five years people management experience, preferred
Primary Location : US-MD-Columbia
Other Locations : US-New Jersey, US-Tennessee, US-Virginia, US-North Carolina, US-NC-Raleigh, US-MA-Boston
Work Locations :
US-MD-Columbia-Grantchester Merriweather
10960 Grantchester WayTwo Merriweather
Columbia21044
Job : Human Resources
Organization : North America Connections
Employee Status : Regular Employee
Job Type : Standard
Job Level : Manager
Shift : Day Job
Travel : No
Job Posting : Jun 17, 2021
Job Unposting : Ongoing
Schedule: : Full-time Regular
Req ID: 2108776"	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager	Keller	Hanover, MD 21076	None	"Company Logo:

Overview:

Keller is the world’s largest geotechnical solutions specialist. With a turnover in 2019 of £2.2 billion and around 10,000 employees world-wide, Keller has a permanent presence in more than 40 countries on five continents. Our products are used across the construction sector in infrastructure, industrial, commercial residential and environmental projects. With our full range of technologies and strong engineering capability, we also offer design and build solutions to meet each project's specific requirements. The main categories of products we provide are: Ground improvement; Grouting; Heavy foundations; Earth retention; Post-tension systems; Instrumentation and Monitoring and our services cover programme/project delivery, technical design and expertise and targeted data analytics
Responsibilities:

The Project Manager is accountable to and works in conjunction with sponsors, initiative owners, functional leaders and where appropriate partners to ensuring the successful delivery and management of assigned projects within scope, quality, time, and budget constraints. These constraints may be clearly defined or require dynamic change management to deliver the business value. The PM is responsible for ensuring all stated deliverables are met according to the project plan. The PM will work closely with work stream leads to set the timeline and deliverables and cadence of touchpoints.
Key Results / Accountabilities expected from role:
Analyse project proposals to determine time frame, funding limitations and appropriate process for accomplishing projects.
Identify and schedule project deliverables, milestones, and required activities and tasks.
Provide leadership and motivation to project team members throughout the project life cycle and confer with project staff to outline work plan.
Establish work plan and staffing for project activities, iterations, or phases.
Implement project communication plan.
Perform risk assessment and implement mitigation plans.
Monitor project activities, ensuring the currency, quality and integrity of the information, while providing consistency in content and “look and feel” across the enterprise.
Ensure that project goals are accomplished and are in line with business objectives.
Assign duties, responsibilities and scope of authority to project personnel.
Direct and coordinate activities of project personnel to ensure that the project progresses on schedule and within budget.
Review status reports prepared by project personnel and modify schedules or plans as required.
Establish standards and procedures for project reporting and documentation
Continuously benchmark project management performance to identify improvements and achieve higher capability maturity in project and portfolio management.
Communicate with various members of the organization and project team including project sponsors, key stakeholders, business analysts, end users and external partners.
Qualifications:
1. Bachelor’s or degree in computer science, information systems or a related field
2. 3 years of IT experience with sensitivity and commitment towards business problem solving.
3. 2 years of demonstrated competency in a project management role involving the execution of multiple projects or a large critical project.
4. Knowledge of project management methodologies and project-planning tools.
5. Demonstrated experience working with a diverse cross functional team.
6. Strong people management and communication skills across all levels of the organisation.
7. Effective influencing and negotiating skills in an environment where this role may not directly control resources.
8. Strong influencing skills – able to network effectively across all functions and suppliers and cultures.
9. Strong knowledge and understanding of business needs, with the ability to establish and maintain a high level of trust and confidence.
10. Demonstrated ability to develop and execute a project resource plan that ensures that the right people are in the right place doing the right things at the right time.
11. High level of initiative and self-motivation but also able to follow the agreed way of working.
12. Ability to work well under pressure.
13. Experience in project/contracting based organisations a plus.
14. Project manager training and certification desirable, but not required.
Kell
Keller is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We encourage qualified women, minorities, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and others to apply.
Equal Employment Opportunity"	11192	Washington
Project Support Manager	ASRC Federal Holding Company	Greenbelt, MD 20771	None	"ASRC Federal AFSS is a premier provider of systems engineering, software engineering, system integration and project management services for real-time, mission-critical defense systems. We are looking for a Project Support Manager to support a NASA Contract project in the Exploration and Space Communications (Code 450) Projects Division. This position is effective October 1, 2021.
Responsibilities:
Provide general business support as required, performing work independently and proactively.
Support Division intranet and lead file management. Ensure access is managed according to best practices and security requirements.
Manage division office space; track room occupancy, work with projects to ensure allocation is adequate and utilized efficiently. Coordinate office moves working with customers and subcontractors to ensure all aspects of the move are handled efficiently. Maintain directory of ESC building occupants. Serve as the division liaison with the Flight Projects Directorate for office space.
Support executives and the division with IT equipment ordering and management, serving as an interface to work with EUSO services and support management.
Property Custodian for division government-furnished equipment. Maintain property passes, transfer and/or excess equipment, periodic inventory of equipment and identify and track non-controlled government equipment.
Prepare and submit requests into NASAs credential Identity and Access Management System (IdMAX) to obtain proper credentials for NASA IT systems and NASA facilities.
Own office management organization for the division to ensure smooth operations and high-level support. Create and maintain Standard Operating Procedures to document step-by-step work instructions for routine business activities relating to job requirements of the position.
Participate in planning division-wide internal engagement activities.
Serves as backup to the Project Support Specialist to manage meetings and reviews including preparation of schedules, agendas and charts, and recording minutes; back-up conference room activities and assist in troubleshooting any meeting/technical issues.
Support projects within the Division in a cross-utilized capacity as needed.
Exemplify proactive customer service and diligence in meeting customer needs.
Proficient with Microsoft Office suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, Teams, and SharePoint).
Excellent writing skills, detail-oriented, and highly organized.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills.
Ability to manage time, attention to detail and meet strict deadlines.
Ability to work independently, as well as with a team in a fast-paced environment.
Individual must meet government NAC and citizenship/permanent residency requirements for access to NASA GSFC. Extensive background investigation will be performed as a requirement of the job.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree with 6 or more years of relevant work experience.
ASRC Federal and its Subsidiaries Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, gender, color, age, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, religion, marital status, ancestry, citizenship, disability, protected veteran status, or any other factor prohibited by applicable law."	11192	Washington
Momentum Project Delivery Manager	Deloitte	Washington, DC	None	"Deloitte's Enterprise Performance professionals are leaders in optimizing operations that span the entire enterprise of an organization, from strategy to implementation and operation. By joining our team, you can help clients achieve impact and value from their investments in both people and technology that support enterprise-wide operations, as well as solutions for specific functions in the organization, from IT to finance and the supply chain.
Work you'll do
Serve as a full-time Momentum Developer for a large, complex Department of Defense financial system. Responsibilities include:Problem solving and analysisDevelopment of new objects to automate or enhance functionalityPreparing technical design specificationsCommunicating with other team members and clients to support user acceptance testingAnalyzing business requirements to determine appropriate technical solutionsResolving defects and performance issues; completing technical reviews, supporting code migration, and create technical documentation as requiredAssisting with creation of work plans, level of effort estimates, and release schedules
The team
Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
The Finance & Enterprise Performance (F&EP) teams advise, implement, and deliver as-a-service solutions to help clients develop strategies and capabilities that support enterprise-wide decision-making, develop operating models to optimize organizational performance, improve finance operations and create impact within their organizations.
Qualifications
Qualifications

Bachelor's degree required
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Government financial consulting experience
Momentum implementation experience
Active DoD Secret Clearance (or higher) security clearance required

Preferred:

Experience in assessing federal financial business processes, developing Momentum based system options, and/or implementation in all aspects of programming, planning, budgeting, execution or accounting.
Demonstrated experience conducting analyses in Momentum Financials that may involve complex technical parameters, acquisition and technical requirements, procurement and business principles, and similar cost-influencing factors
Demonstrated experience Momentum software development activities that may include requirements gathering via process assessment, development and maintenance of configuration management, system testing supporting Momentum-based financial system upgrade and enhancements
Experience performing configuration and development activities to support one or more of the following Momentum modules: General Ledger, Budget Execution, Purchasing, Credit Card, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Automated Disbursements, External Reports, Planning, Workflow, Reports Portal, etc.
Experience with BI Publisher reporting
Comptia Security+ certification
How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career."	11192	Washington
Resident Services - Part-Time	Berkshire Residential Investments	Washington, DC	None	"....Tag you're it!!!!!....
Our “IT factor” means we are the best in what we do and are always striving to be even better!
Team “IT FACTOR”
Berkshire is a nationally respected property management team that creates memorable and valuable experiences for all of our stakeholders by attracting fun, engaging talent that is committed to excellence in everything we do! We own and manage our own properties, and we have one asset that sets us apart from the others –Berkshire people.
We offer 3 weeks of vacation, personal development plans, great insurance, a 25% rent discount (and so much more!)... Take a look at what makes us different….
Our vision is to kindle an exceptional experience one relationship, one investment, one neighborhood, at a time.
Here is what your day might look like....
As one of our Resident Services Coordinators your day is all about BEING FLEXIBLE!!! The go to person!! The Residents and the site departments depend on you!! Your day includes supporting the Leasing department (and stepping in when necessary to sell/lease) working with renewals and helping the maintenance team to ensure great service! Paying attention to the details makes you the person the resident’s love to see!
Being that go to person for the residents! You’ve got the answers!!
Be the right-hand person for the leasing team!! Helping to greet prospective clients and possibly showing the property if a helping hand is needed
You might work with the residents and team to promote our lease renewals
Be the voice of the property handling our phone calls.
Processing the service request from resident, to maintenance and the follow up
Be entrepreneurial with suggestions and ideas for improving resident satisfaction and events
We Believe:
Berkshire is committed to providing equal opportunity in all practices, which affect employees and applicants for employment. The company shall ensure that decisions affecting employees are made without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, citizenship, genetic information, or any other protected category under federal, state or local law. Berkshire's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy requires the commitment of every Property Manager and Supervisor. All employees are expected to participate in and actively support these efforts.
This position is part-time.
Education
Preferred
High School or better in Business
Skills
Required
Communication
Customer Service
Preferred
Creativity Innovation
Behaviors
Required
Team Player: Works well as a member of a group
Preferred
Innovative: Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking
Enthusiastic: Shows intense and eager enjoyment and interest
Motivations
Preferred
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization
Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help"	11192	Washington
Manager, Federal IT Project Management	KPMG	Washington, DC 20006 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Innovate. Collaborate. Build. Create. Solve. The KPMG Digital Lighthouse is KPMG's award-winning Analytics & AI Center of Excellence recognized by clients and leading analyst firms in the US and globally. The KPMG Lighthouse is a curation of specialized technical capabilities and domain experts working across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software engineering, automation, and big data. Here, you'll be an important part of our high-energy, unique, fast-paced, and innovative culture that delivers with the agility of a tech startup and the backing of a leading global consulting firm. Our technology-agnostic approach enables us to scale up or down and integrate across leading platforms.
KPMG is currently seeking a Manager to join our Federal Advisory practice.
Responsibilities:
Manage and deliver large, complex engagements that identify, design, and implement creative business and technology services for U.S. Federal government clients
Handle engagement risk, project economics, planning and budgeting, account receivables, and definition of deliverable content to help ensure buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels
Develop and maintain relationships with senior management at U.S. Federal government agencies
Develop and maintain project management plans, including related artifacts, to efficiently perform duties and identify risks that could affect project timelines / financial reporting
Evaluate projects from a technical stance, helping to ensure that development methods are correct and practical, and evaluate risks related to requirements management, business process definition, testing processes, internal controls, project communications, training, and organization change management
Manage the day-to-day interactions with client managers
Qualifications:
A minimum of five years of experience of IT project management experience; U.S. Federal government consulting experience preferred
Bachelor's degree in Information Systems or a related discipline from an accredited college/university
Ability to elicit and document functional and technical requirements to support the transformation and effective design of a business process
Knowledgeable in coordinating across multiple organizations, risk and issue management, and managing multiple priorities
Experience providing project management services supporting IT Development to Federal Government agencies
U.S. citizenship required and an active U.S. Federal government Secret security clearance
KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please."	11192	Washington
FACILITIES MAINTENANCE SECTION MANAGER	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA 22201 (Clarendon-Courthouse area)	$103,584 - $158,142 a year	"Position Information
NOTE: This is a re-opening to expand the pool of qualified candidates. If you have already applied for this position, there is no need to re-apply unless you wish to update your application.

The Facilities Maintenance Section within the Department of Environmental Services (DES) is seeking a Facilities Maintenance Section Manager to facilitate overall section operation and oversee the 24/7 building & equipment operation, maintenance, repair and minor construction of all County Government facilities. This includes managing the ongoing operation of buildings and building systems for eighty-seven (87) facilities, which includes office buildings, fire stations, recreation centers, historic buildings, detention facilities, courts-police building, libraries, and more.

Specific duties:
Manages oversight and evaluation of facility maintenance programs and operations; implements long and short-term program goals, objectives, procedures, and service standards, and creates and documents specific action plans to accomplish goals;
Manages staffing requirements and supervises staff, formulates program plans, broad work schedules and methods, works with first line supervisors to set priorities and deadlines, and monitor operations and resolve escalated problems that require technical expertise or analysis;
Performs program liaison work to facilitate interaction among staff, other County agencies, work units and contractors including coordinating with construction managers to ensure all systems and equipment installation meet the design intent and needs of the user;
Plans and designs small building rehabilitation/construction projects, such as HVAC system, power generation, back-up power, roof, store front, façade, and window replacements;
Evaluates resource needs (equipment, personnel and budgetary) by inspecting buildings and related equipment and researching and analyzing age, condition, maintenance history and life expectancy data;
Identifies major long-term maintenance, equipment, and systems replacement requirements; establishes goals and arranges for appropriate staffing and materials;
Manages operating budget, analyzes previous and anticipated expenditures, projects new fiscal year section budget and writes justifications, conducts cost analysis studies and initiates orders for new or replacement equipment/staff, ensures expenditures remain within the budget, and reviews/approves invoices for purchased goods;
Manages capital budget expenditures, identifies projects and assists in the development of cost analyses, monitors expenditures through construction, and coordinates operational and budgeting aspects with participating agencies;
Coordinates contract management, cost analysis studies to determine program staff vs contract staff, writes specifications, selection of contractors, estimates repair costs in order to monitor bids and contracts in force, monitors contractor performance, and cost estimate overruns and change order requests and payments;
Coordinates with design and construction groups to determine the impacts of improvements or replacements on infrastructure maintenance to ensure feasibility of future maintenance and operations;
Evaluates the efficiency, effectiveness, and safety of building equipment through the analysis of operational data through regular inspection of distribution lines for steam, water, plumbing, electricity and refrigeration and evaluation of materials and processes used in repair and replacement work; and
Manages safety programs to detect, minimize and control safety hazards and manages the Facilities Maintenance Dispatcher group and the work order system (EAM) to tracks County wide work order request for Facilities Maintenance.

The successful candidate will possess:

Reading comprehension skills to read and interpret technical reports and charts;
Ability to use computer programs and applications to complete work;
Writing skills to compose and edit reports, proposals, procedures, policies, recommendations, etc.;
Management skills to manage staff, contracts, and programs;
Arithmetic skills to add, subtract, multiply, or divide decimals or fractions and calculate percentages;
Problem solving skills to define problems and collect relevant information to recommend policy solutions; and
Extensive knowledge of the building trades and automated building systems.

Selection Criteria

Minimums:
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Architecture, Construction Management, Public Administration or related field; and
3 years of experience leading facilities operations and maintenance activities on buildings and systems, including a variety of complex state-of-the-art equipment.

Substitution: Additional qualifying experience may be substituted for the educational requirement on a year-for-year basis.

Desirables: Preference may be given to candidates with experience or licensure in one or more of the following:

A First-Class Steam Engineer License and/or journeyman HVAC license;
Supervising staff;
Contract Management;
Managing Operation Budget;
Coordinating and tracking maintenance and repair projects;
Knowledge of engineering principles, construction and design, BOCA Codes and/or NEPA requirements;
Working in a local government and/or urban environment.

Special Requirements

A pre-employment criminal records check will be conducted. It may include checks of the following: criminal record, driving record, education, professional licensure, and credit history. You may be required to sign a release authorizing the County to obtain your background information.

The applicant must possess, or obtain and confirm by the time of appointment, a valid Driver License, or the applicant must have the ability and willingness to use alternative methods of transportation to perform assigned duties and responsibilities at locations other than the primary worksite. Any offer of employment is contingent upon a favorable review of the applicant's driving record.

Completion of the Commonwealth of Virginia Statement of Economic Interest (Financial Disclosure) form will be required of the successful candidate upon hire and annually thereafter.
Additional Information

Work hours: Monday- Friday, 7:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. with flexibility. Must be available after hours and during emergencies.

Each section of the application must be completed. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Incomplete applications will be rejected."	11192	Washington
IT Project Manager	Acuna Consulting Inc	Washington, DC	None	"Company Overview
Acuna Consulting Inc is an Agile Solutions firm that provides coaching, consulting and training in the filed of Agile, DevOps, and Test Automation. We are looking for enthusiastic and analytical minds to join our growing team and help us make business more agile, profitable, and human-centric.
Job Summary
The ideal candidate will be able to perform day-to-day management of delivery order projects, from original concept through final implementation. Utilizes proven skills in those technical areas addressed by the delivery order to analyze new and complex project related problems and create innovative solutions involving financial management, scheduling, technology, methodology, tools, and solution components. Organizes, directs, and coordinates the planning and production of all activities associated with assigned delivery order projects.
Responsibilities and Duties
Defines project scope and objectives including developing detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, status reports, and project and financial tracking and analysis.
Conducts project meetings and ensures quality standards
Provides technical and strategic guidance to project team and reviews project deliverables. In general, work complexity and responsibility will be greater at higher levels.
Qualifications and Skills
Minimum five years of project management experience in technology solutions development, delivery of information systems and business transformation projects.
Ability to obtain Public Trust Clearance if required.
Benefits and Perks
Benefits include health care, paid time off, retirement savings plans, parental leave, tuition reimbursement, and professional development.
4ZRq2VbicV"	11192	Washington
job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Work Based Learning Program Data Center Project Assistant	Amazon Data Services, Inc.	Sterling, VA	None	"
High School diploma or equivalent education
18 years or older
Ability to work 40 hours/week. Must be able to work 10 hour shifts as needed.
Able to start August 2021.
1+ years of experience with Microsoft Office Suite - Word, Excel and Outlook required;
1+ years of experience with SharePoint (or similar)

We are currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to serve as support to our Data Center Project Engineers. Ideal candidates will partner with multiple Data Center Project Engineers to handle administrative tasks freeing up their time to focus on organizational goals. A quick thinker, your flexibility and adaptability are key to constantly changing demands and priorities. You will frequently find yourself in the center of everything that happens on the team. You are pivotal to the success of a well-run, efficient, productive and happy team.

In this role, you will wear many hats! Administrative Assistants perform an array of administrative functions critical to running an organization efficiently. You will strategically manage your Data Center Project Engineer's Administration tasks of:


Badge requests and vendor on-boarding
Project input requests
Project funding submission, Vendor Purchase Requests and Orders
Changes to the Risk Assessment, Method of Procedure templates, etc.
Change Management Approvals and schedule coordination
Managing of scopes of work
Track delivery of material with the Power and Cooling Supply team
Coordinate plans for internal equipment transfers
IT equipment procurement
Team wiki updates
Travel arrangements
Update Playbook
Update status at the managers’ request
Misc. project support for new hires Closeout documents (Agile, daily scans, Quality Control, etc.)
Manage requests for access

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.


1+ years of experience planning and time management
1+ years of experience in construction, or data center environments
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit US Disability Accommodations."	11146	Washington
Project Manager	US Food and Drug Administration	Silver Spring, MD	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Department of Health & Human Services (DHHS), Food & Drug Administration (FDA), Center for Drug Evaluation (CDER), Office of Generic Drugs (OGD), Office of Research and Standards (ORS), which is committed to making safe and effective generic drugs available to the American public by ensuring that the Office of Generic Drugs (OGD) standards continue to be based on the best currently available science and the results of the regulatory science research.
Responsibilities
Serve as a project manager for overall program development in the Office/Division.
Manage workflow to identify any substantive problems and shortcomings associated with their work and to make sound recommendations.
Keep abreast of most recent policy and guidance related to project management published within the Office.
Exercise leadership in expediting resolution of policy issues and ensuring standardization between multiple Centers/Offices components.
Provide senior management of the CDER and the FDA with authoritative information, analyses, advice, and assistance in the formulation and solution of major, complex, sensitive administrative, resource, and program and management issues and problems.
Directly manage and coordinate the work of the project team members for the specific OGD projects to determine how much progress is being made and if any problems are surfacing.
Travel Required
25% or less - You may be expected to travel up to 25% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Development Managers
Managers, All Other
Managers, Development
Managers, Training
Training And Development Managers
Training Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Citizenship Requirement: You must be a U.S. Citizen to be considered for this advertisement unless explicitly stated otherwise.
FDA participates in e-Verify: All new hires must complete the I-9 form; this information will be processed through e-Verify to determine your employment eligibility. If a discrepancy arises, you must take affirmative steps to resolve the matter.
Background Investigation Requirement: All employees must pass a security investigation. Failing to pass the background check may be grounds for removal or legal action. If hired, you may be subject to additional investigations at a later time.
You must meet ALL requirements by the closing date of this announcement to be considered. Only education, experience, and qualifications attained by this date will be considered. You must continue to meet all requirements through the hiring process.
Direct Deposit: You will be required to have all federal salary payments electronically deposited into a bank account with a financial institution of your choice.
Additional selections may be made from this vacancy, within the same geographical area, by other organizational elements from within FDA, through shared corporate recruiting activities.
Qualifications
The position of Project Manager falls under the 0301 occupational series. To qualify for this position at grade GS-14, you must meet the following:

Minimum Qualifications

Specialized Experience. Specialized experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.
You must possess 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 in the Federal service that includes experience: managing the planning, budgeting, requirements development, design, development, and implementation phases of high visibility projects; evaluating new rules and regulations to develop or adapt projects for compliance; and reviewing performance metrics related to a contract to identify and enforce agreements.
NOTE: It is your responsibility to ensure your responses and appropriate documentation is submitted prior to the closing date. To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, https://my.usajobs.gov/Account/Login, select the Application Status link and then select the More Information link for this position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent related to this application. Be sure that any uploaded documents you provide in your application are free of document security or compression which might render the document unreadable by our system.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. Qualifications are based on breadth/level of experience. In addition to describing duties performed, applicants must provide the exact dates of each period of employment (from MM/YY to MM/YY) and the number of hours worked per week if part time. As qualification determinations cannot be made when resumes do not include the required information, failure to provide this information may result in disqualification. Applicants are encouraged to use the USAJOBS Resume Builder to develop their federal resume.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
There is no education substitution for this position.
Additional information
For some advertisements, the Food & Drug Administration receives hundreds, even thousands, of applications from job-seekers. Because of this high level of interest in positions with the FDA, the agency reserves the option of setting an application number limit.


When an application limit is set, USAJOBS will close the vacancy at 11:59 pm Eastern Time on either:
(A) the day the limit is reached,
-OR-
(B) the pre-defined closing date of 06/25/2021, whichever comes first.

If the limit is reached before 11:59 pm ET, all applications in excess of the limit will continue to be accepted until 11:59 pm ET.

The application limit, if applicable, for this advertisement is: No Limit

For more information about announcement closing, see: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/faq/job-announcement/expiration/

ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

If you are serving, or have served in the last 5 years (from 06/25/2021) as an Executive Branch political, Schedule C, or Non-career SES appointee, HHS/FDA may be required to obtain approval by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) prior to beginning employment. You can find out if you have held one of these appointment types by looking at your Standard Form 50s in your Electronic Official Personnel Folder (eOPF), in Section 5 where the legal authorities are listed. If you have served or are currently serving, you must provide a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, documenting this appointment. In addition, you will be required to respond to the question in the assessment and certify your responses to the questionnaire. Political Appointee FAQ - OPM
Incentives: Incentives may be authorized; however, this is contingent upon funds availability. If authorized, certain incentives will require you to sign a service agreement to remain in the Federal government for a period of up to 3 years. Note: This statement does not imply nor guarantee an incentive will be offered and paid. Incentives include the following: moving expenses, recruitment or relocation incentive; student loan repayment, superior qualifications appointment, creditable service for annual leave for prior non-federal work experience or prior uniformed military service, etc.
Special Appointing Authorities: If you are applying for eligibility based on a disability, veteran status, or under a career transition program, please pay careful attention to the Required Documents section for a detailed explanation of eligibility requirements to include supporting documentation.
Pre-Employment Physical: No
Drug Testing Requirement: No
License Requirement: No
Immunization Requirement: No
Mobility Agreement Required: No
Bargaining Unit Position: Yes - 3591 National Treasury Employees Union (NTEU)
Financial Disclosure: This position may require financial disclosure reporting and will be subject to FDA's prohibited financial interest regulation. If you are hired, you may be required to divest of certain financial interests. You are advised to seek additional information on this requirement from the hiring official before accepting any job offers. For more information please visit the FDA Ethics web page: https://www.fda.gov/about-fda/jobs-and-training-fda/ethics.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

About Category Rating (DEU) Procedures (Basis for Rating):

Category rating procedures will be used to rate and rank candidates.
The answers you provide to the applicant self-assessment questions will be used, in conjunction with the supporting documents you include, and your resume, to determine your eligibility for Federal employment and your qualification for this position specifically.
Your application score is used to place you into one of three quality categories: ""Best Qualified"", ""Well Qualified"", and ""Qualified"". (The category assignment is a measure of the degree in which your background matches the competencies required for this position.)
The cut-off score for each quality category may vary from announcement to announcement, and is determined by each agency, in advance of the advertisement going live.
Category Rating does not add veterans preference points but protects the rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category. Preference eligible Vets who meet the minimum qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10% or higher must be listed in the highest quality category (except in the case of scientific or professional positions at the GS-9 level or higher).
Interagency / Career Transition Assistance Program (I/CTAP):Well-Qualified is defined as an applicant who meets the qualification standards and eligibility requirements for the position, including minimum educational and experience requirements; any qualifications and suitability; is able to perform the essential duties of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation; meets any applicable selective placement factors for the position (such as the ability to speak a specific language or any other factor required immediately upon hire); and is able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, surplus or displaced Federal employees must be rated at 85.0 or above on the rating criteria for this position. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.
Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics). You do not need to respond to the KSA's directly, but your resume should contain sufficient information to demonstrate possession of the Competencies.
Project Management
Technical Credibility
Manages and Organizes Information
To preview the application assessment questions, click the link below:
https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11128455

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
High Risk (HR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

Resume

RESUME REQUIREMENTS: The federal government has very specific résumé requirements. If you have not written a federal résumé before, you may want to watch this Resume Writing Tutorial or the Resume Writing FAQ to see what details you should, and should not, include in your resume. A CV (curriculum vitae) may not contain enough information to meet these resume requirements. At a minimum, your resume should list the position title, employer name and address, start and end dates (including month and year), salary (or grade and step), hours worked per week, and a list of duties performed or accomplishments, for EACH position included.


ACCEPTED DOCUMENTS:
Cover Letter
DD-214/ Statement of Service
Disability Letter (Schedule A)
Disability Letter (VA)
Other supporting documentation not listed above
Resume
Separation Notice (RIF)
SF-15
*Accepted documents may be required for some applicants, depending on which eligibility options you are applying under. See the list below for details.If you are still unsure what documents might be required of you, contact the FDA Applicant Help Desk before the announcement closes. If you need help attaching documents to your application, see Applicant Help Site - Documents.


For details about transcript requirements, see the Education section.

Veterans or Military Spouses:
Must submit a copy of your DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status.
Active Duty Members: To claim status under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to hire Heroes Act of 2011, you must submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
Parents of Deceased or Disabled Veterans: To claim status under Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Widow or Widower: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Spouse of a Living Veteran: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference, and Documentation of Veteran's Inability to Work Because of a Service-Connected Disability. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
See Feds Hire Vets or USAJOBS' Veterans page for more information.

Other Special Eligibility Documentation Requirements:
Individuals with Disabilities: Individuals with intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities may apply for appointment through the Schedule A hiring authority. Certified verification of a disability from a licensed medical professional; a licensed vocational rehabilitation specialist; or any Federal, state, or District of Columbia agency or U.S. territory that issues or provides disability benefits will be required. You can learn more about this appointment type on the USAJOBS Help Center page for Individuals with Disabilities.
Displaced employees: If you are a former Federal employee who was displaced due to a Reduction-in-Force (RIF) or surplused by some other means, please submit a copy of the separation letter or RIF notice from your agency. To be selected under I/CTAP, you must still be found well-qualified for this position. See the How You Will Be Evaluated section for the agency's definition of well-qualified. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S."	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager (PROJMGT)	US Office of Inspector General	Alexandria, VA	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is with Department of Defense (DoD) Office of Inspector General (OIG), Mission Support Team (MST) Component.

This job will close when we have received 100 applications which may be sooner than the closing date.
Responsibilities
Position located within the Strategic Planning and Performance Directorate, supporting the Defense Case Activity Tracking System (D-CATS) Program Management Office.
Supports oversight of a Level III Defense Business System and Department of Defense-wide enterprise application that offers case management capabilities to applicable investigation communities.
Assists in implementation of Agile software development methodologies and Scrum/SAFe frameworks, with industry leading business partners, as well as forward-leaning hosting and support service solutions.
Background in Microsoft Dynamics Customer Relationship Management, SharePoint, SQL, MIM, and other Microsoft technologies desired.
DevSecOps, SmartBear TestComplete (application administration and implementation within on/off-premise environments), data migration, and DoD OIG organizational knowledge are beneficial.
Facilitates customer engagements, requirements elicitation and decomposition, and their transition into production-ready products.
Collaborates with peer organizational entities, including Chief Information Officer personnel, enhancing operational support functions.
Ensures compliance with Business Capability Acquisition Cycle and Software Development Life-Cycle standards, supporting D-CATSe across sustainment, development, and to-be capability support activities.
Plans, directs, and coordinates IT projects to ensure established milestones are accomplished on time, within prescribed funding parameters, and in accordance with client business objectives.
Serves as Contracting Officer's Technical Representative for IT Support Service contracts; assists in developing contract requirements and specifications while monitoring compliance.
Candidate to operate within a cross-functional and high trust organization, where innovation and value-stream adherence is prioritized.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel 10% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
The incumbent must adhere to the DoD Standards of Conduct.
Ability to acquire and maintain an Information Assurance Technical (IAT) Level I certification to meet DoD Information Assurance Work Force requirements.
U.S. Citizenship or National
Suitable for Federal Employment
Registered for Selective Service (if applicable)
This national security position, which may require access to classified information, requires a favorable suitability review and security clearance as a condition of employment. Failure to maintain security eligibility may result in termination.
Position has been designated as Non-Critical Sensitive; incumbent is required to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
If you have not previously completed a probationary period with the Federal government in a similar position, you will be required to serve a two-year probationary period.
Incumbent is required to submit to urinalysis to screen for illegal drug use prior to appointment and is subject to random drug testing for the duration of service with DoD OIG.
Current DoD civilian employees are not required to submit to drug testing if moving from one Testing Designated Position (TDP) to another with no break in service, unless deemed appropriate on a case-by-case basis.
This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies within 90 calendar days of the initial issue date of the referral list.
Position(s) may be filled by displaced Department of Defense (DoD) employees through the Priority Placement Program.
All qualifications and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
Qualifications
To meet the basic requirements, you must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the next lower grade level.

GS-13
You must have 52 weeks of specialized experience at the GS-12 grade level: Specialized Experience is defined as: Must have experience managing projects in the field of Information Technology. Must have knowledge in identifying and analyzing customer requirements, developing a business case, and conducting cost benefit analysis. Must have demonstrated experience developing, modifying, and implementing.

Volunteer Experience: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
Education is not substitutable for specialized experience for this grade level.
Additional information
Competitive wages, flexible schedules and one of the most comprehensive benefits packages found in either government or private sector. These extraordinary benefits encompass health, pay, work/life balance, growth & learning.
Moving expenses will not be paid.
Selections are subject to restrictions resulting from the DoD Program for Stability of Civilian Employment.
A two year probationary period may be required.
Telework availability will be based upon the mission requirements and supervisory determination.
We may use this announcement to fill additional vacancies within 90 days of the closing date.
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered or be exempt from Selective Service (see http://www.sss.gov)
Retired Civil Service Employee: Employment of retired Federal employees receiving an annuity is subject to the requirements of the Department of Defense (DoD) policy guidance. (See DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 300, at https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf.)
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): Applicants must be well-qualified, which is defined as meeting all of the minimum qualification standards and eligibility requirements as well as possessing skills that clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position established by the Best Qualified category definition.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Pay for first time hires to the Federal Government will typically be set at step 1 salary range for their respective grade level.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
IMPORTANT NOTE - YOU MUST FOLLOW ALL APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY. ERRORS OR OMISSIONS MAY AFFECT YOUR RATING.
Your resume and supporting documentation will be reviewed to determine if you meet the minimum qualification requirements for the position. Under the provisions of the Direct-Hire Authority (DHA), rating, ranking and veterans preference does not apply; therefore, your responses to the questionnaire will not be used to determine a scored rating. All applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements, as defined in the job opportunity announcement, will be referred for selection consideration. While veterans' preference does not apply in DHA, preference eligible are encouraged to submit their supporting documentation (DD-214 stating disposition of discharge or character of service, VA letter, SF-15, etc.)During further evaluation, you may be asked to provide additional information or participate in other methods of assessment, such as structured interviews. Individuals who are subject matter experts in the requirements of this position may participate in further evaluations. Your responses will be carefully reviewed and must be supported by factual information in your resume. Inflating or otherwise enhancing your qualifications and errors or omissions may result in lowering your self-rated level or loss of further consideration.
The Assessment Questionnaire takes approximately 15 minutes to complete and collects information on your education, training and experience related to the following critical competencies:

Communication
Contracting/Procurement
Information Technology Life Cycle Management
Information Technology Policy and Planning
Information Technology Program Management
Program Evaluation
Project Management
You can preview the Assessment Questionnaire here: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11140425

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
National security
Required Documents

Required Documents
You must provide a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Resume: You are encouraged to choose only ONE method of submitting your resume. (HR will review the resume that the system date stamps as the latest one received and this may not be the resume, which best reflects your qualifications for the job and may result in an ineligible rating.) You may submit your resume by: attaching in your USAJOBS account. For assistance in preparing your resume, take a look at the DFAS Resume Tools.
2. Complete Assessment Questionnaire: Your resume must describe the quality of work in regards to responses to the occupational self-assessment questionnaire as they generate your numerical rating.
3. Other Supporting Documents.

The following supporting documents are ONLY required if applicable to your personal qualifications or status. They must be received by the closing date of the announcement or at the time of application if applying to an announcement with an extended closing date.

1. Transcripts and/or Certifications: All applicants to include current agency employees, must submit proof of education if the job announcement requires education to meet the basic qualification requirements, or if substituting education to meet the specialized experience requirements. Many applicants must also submit documentation for proof of meeting the basic education requirement. For additional information on acceptable documents, click here Transcripts and Certifications. All applicants to include current agency employees/contractors must also document your education and/or certifications in your resume. To be creditable, education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
2. Cover Letter: You may submit a cover letter which will be forwarded to the selecting official with your resume. Your cover letter will not be used to verify your qualifications or determine eligibility for preference.
3. ICTAP Eligibles: A copy of the RIF separation notice and SF-50 if available.

WARNING: Failure to submit a complete application package including any required documentation by 11:59 PM (EST) on 06/24/2021, or at the time of application for announcements with an extended closing date, may result in an ineligible rating and loss of consideration. To verify that your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, select Application Status and More Information. The Details page will display the status of your application. It is the applicant's responsibility to verify that information entered, uploaded, or faxed is received, legible and accurate. HR will not modify answers submitted by an applicant.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All US citizens. Applicants will not be rated or ranked. Veteran's Preference does NOT apply under the Direct Hire Authority (DHA)."	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	Emerging Tech, LLC	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$100,000 a year	"Must be authorized to work in the US
Job Summary
Emerging Tech is seeking a technically savvy and high-energy professional to fill a Information Technology (IT) Project Management position. The successful candidate will manage critical, day to day project activities, proactively manage risks and issues, and collaborate with technical and non-technical team members. This individual should have the ability to quickly earn the trust of key internal and external stakeholders, lead and inspire teams, set project direction and approach, resolve conflict, deliver tough messages with honesty and grace, and occasionally execute with limited information and ambiguity. The successful applicant will have the opportunity to play a major role in the IT-enabled transformation of connected healthcare.
Required Skills:
Strong leadership with excellent written and oral communications.
Effectively communicate with colleagues, stakeholders, and leaders at all levels of the organization to gather data and information and to support strategic plans and proactively provides updates on project status
Build partnerships with all support groups and teams
Act as a driver for process design, documentation and improvements as needed.
Perform ad-hoc requests as made by the Director of Operations, including but not limited to process workflow design, designing, and managing emergent processes, and other areas.
Oversee the IT Operation process for the review, analysis and closure of action requests, vendor deliverables and travel plans, including identifying appropriate POCs, triaging requests and actions, coordination of approval/review meetings, ongoing tracking of submissions, review/technical editing of responses before returning to requestors and reviewing status.
Ability to working closely with key stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Experience with technical project life cycles and project methodologies.
Create and manage project plans as well as track project performance and progress.
Ability to track project costs (Budgets v Actuals).
Conduct schedule analysis, data mapping across schedule dependencies and follow up with the scheduler owners, as needed.
Strong Risk and Issue management with the ability to effectively communicate and mitigate or escalate risks & issues with stakeholders and executive level management when required.
Ability to work with technical team and to identify solutions for system problems when working with new technology.
Capable in providing technical and project related direction to systems analysts, programmers and other technical personnel on assigned tasks.
Proficient in Office 365 and all Microsoft Products.
Ability to create and update Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) using MS Project
Minimum of 10 years of experience with a related Bachelors Degree or 18 years of relevant experience may be substituted for the degree requirement.
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific/technical discipline.
Preferred but not required:
PMP or Equivalent Certification
Experience with Cerner and/or other EHR preferably with sustainment activities.
Health Care Experience
Benefits:
Retirement Plan
Group Health Insurance (Health, Dental, and Vision)
Paid Time Off
Referral Bonus
Opportunity for Performance Evaluation/Retention Bonus
Compensation:
Competitive – Based on Skills and Experiences
Full Time Direct Hire
Annual Salary: $100K +
IDkuW5IAmn"	11146	Washington
Project Manager	Perpetual Conulting Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	$75,000 - $115,000 a year	The Lead Project Manager will be responsible for leading business and technical projects, serving as the division lead for agency assigned initiatives, and/or indirectly managing other projects within the Division. You will provide overall leadership to assigned projects adhering to standard and/or agile methodologies, complying with project lifecycle deliverables and best practices. In addition, you will confer with department heads, key staff, and outside consultants to develop detailed understanding of user needs for departments or groups of departments, reflect this in the overall project artifacts, and administer to all phases of the project management process.Governance, Reporting & CommunicationsDevelop and manage project plans and schedulesDefine team member roles and expectations; ensure that project resources receive necessary training and are utilized effectivelyCommunicate progress and obtain buy-in from impacted stakeholders for all key project deliverables, plans, and changesAdhere to standard or agile project management methodology, complying with project lifecycle deliverables and best practices.Review and manage all changes to requirements and/or solution through a formal change control processManage project risks and resolves issues; work with leadership staff as required for resolution.Provide quality checks on all aspects of the project and deliverables reporting on these at each gateway milestone to ensure that the end product fulfills the project objectivesEnsure timely project reporting reflecting weekly team meetings and steering committee meeting updatesProject & Resource ManagementResponsible for the day-to-day management and coordination of the project according to project plan and schedule. Monitor progress throughout to ensure that the project is delivered on time, within budget, and that it meets or exceeds business expectations.Mobilize resources to launch and execute the project in accordance with standard project frameworkEnsure that all project requirements and solutions are clearly defined and testable; obtain approval from project sponsor at each milestoneBalance scope, schedule, quality, and risks - make adjustments as necessary reporting status and gaining buy-in stakeholders as neededEnsure that all requirements, project plans, and changesDesired Skills5+ years of relevant experienceExperience with Agile Project ManagementExperience with Planview Project Management toolkitPMP certificationJob Type: Full-timePay: $75,000.00 - $115,000.00 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	11146	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11146	Washington
IT Specialist (Applications Services Delivery Manager)	US AmeriCorps	Washington, DC	$87,198 - $100,000 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Office of Information Technology, Department of the Chief Operating Officer, in Washington, DC.
Responsibilities
Defines and manages IT and/or enterprise application related programs and/or projects, or other area of responsibility, to include strategic direction for program initiatives and activities, personnel, infrastructure, policy enforcement, emergency planning, IT and/or cybersecurity awareness, and/or other resources.
Provides oversight to ensure application services delivery and program/project work is adhered to the larger strategic view developed by senior management.
Responsibilities includes management of legacy application modernization efforts and supporting new application development initiatives, support all phases of development and CI/CD pipeline, stakeholder expectations, ensuring projects stays on track for successful delivery.
Manages one or more large IT program(s) to provide products and/or services. Coordinates, communicates, and integrates IT projects and program activities.
Ensures that the work effort achieves the outcome as specified within the IT business strategies. Work encompasses the decision-making and negotiation responsibilities involved in executing the program efforts.
Conducts systems security evaluations, audits, and reviews; participate in application and systems design to ensure implementation of appropriate systems security policies.
Researches current technology to understand capabilities of required system or network; research and evaluate all available technologies and standards to meet customer requirements.
Designs and develops new tools/technologies.
Identifies customers' information systems requirements; analyzes information systems requirements or environment.
Plans, installs, configures, tests, implements, and manages the systems environment.
Analyzes design constraints, trade-offs, and detailed system and security designs to identify necessary lifecycle support; and design and develop secure interface specifications between interconnected systems.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
Officers, Chief Technology
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a United States Citizen
You must be a current AmeriCorps employee on a General, Permanent appointment or a AmeriCorps employee eligible under a Noncompetitive hiring authority
Must be telework ready
A background investigation may be required
A supervisory probationary period is required for new Federal supervisors
Qualifications
Applicants must have one year of specialized experience comparable in scope and responsibility to at least the upper range of the NY-02 pay band, which would be at or equivalent to, the GS-11 level in the Federal Service. Specialized experience is that which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. Specialized experience includes: leading all aspects of service delivery for application services and performing work that involves ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of enterprise applications, systems and data (i.e. planning, analysis, development, implementation, maintenance, modernization and enhancement of information systems security programs, policies, procedures, and tools).


Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
Special Employment Consideration: Persons with disabilities, disabled veterans who have a compensable service-connected disability of 30% or more, certain other veterans, spouses of certain members of the Armed Forces, VISTA volunteers, some Peace Corps employees and returning Peace Corps volunteers are examples of individuals who are potentially eligible for noncompetitive appointment. If you are eligible and would like to be considered for one of these noncompetitive appointments, applicable documentation that supports your eligibility must be submitted with your application package.

Ethics Requirement: Our Agency is committed to the highest ethical standards and, as an employee you will be covered by the criminal conflict of interest statutes (18 U.S.C. 201-209) and the Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch (5 C.F.R. part 2635). Additionally, you may be required to complete a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report (OGE Form 450) or Public Financial Disclosure Report (OGE Form 278e) within 30 days of your appointment date and on an annual basis thereafter.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application will be evaluated first for the basic qualifications described above. The applications that meet the basic qualifications will be evaluated further against the following criteria:

Oral Communication and Written Communication
Problem Solving
Service Delivery
Technical Competence
Important Note: Your resume must support your answers to the job specific questions. High self-assessment on the Occupational Questionnaire that is not supported by the information in your resume or supporting documents can/will result in elimination from further consideration. If you do not answer all of the job specific questions you will not be considered. Incomplete applications (resume and required supporting documents) will be considered ineligible.

Qualified applicants will be placed in one of the following three categories:

1 - Qualified Category - Meets the minimum qualification requirements as described in the Qualifications section of this announcement.
2 - Well Qualified Category - Meets the minimum qualification requirements and demonstrates proficiency based on the answers to the job specific questions.
3 - Best Qualified Category - Meets the minimum qualification requirements and demonstrates high level proficiency based on the answers to the job specific questions.

NOTE: Status candidates will be considered under the provisions of the Corporation's Human Resources system which allows for:
1) Non-competitive referral of lateral candidates; and
2) The separation of status and non-status applicants for referral purposes.

Status candidates will be referred on one selection list only, i.e., either merit promotion or non-competitive. Nonstatus candidates who are eligible for Noncompetitive referral, e.g. Peace Corps, VRA, etc., will be referred under Noncompetitive procedures only. For Noncompetitive categories, See ""Special Employment Consideration"" below under ""Other Information.""

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience (cover letter optional);
Unofficial transcript (if qualifying based on education);
Documentation supporting eligibility for Non-Competitive appointment, e.g., Schedule A (severely disabled), eligible veterans (VRA or 30-percent or more disabled), VISTA, Peace Corps, etc., if applicable

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Federal employees - Excepted service
Current excepted service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Military spouses
National Guard & Reserves
Current members, those who want to join, or transitioning military members.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
US Citizens and Status Candidates"	11146	Washington
E T Consultant	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12402

Organization: World Bank

Sector: Energy

Grade: EC2

Term Duration: 1 year 0 months

Recruitment Type: Local Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 7/5/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189-member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. For more information, visit www.worldbank.org

UNIT CONTEXT

The World Bank Group (WBG) supports the Sustainable Energy for All initiative and is committed to working towards accomplishing the initiative's three goals by 2030: i) universal access to electricity and clean cooking fuels; ii) doubling the share of the world's energy supplied by renewable sources from 18 percent to 36 percent, and iii) doubling the rate of improvement in energy efficiency.


The Energy & Extractives (EEX) Global Practice (GP) focuses on: providing affordable, reliable and sustainable energy to meet the needs of fast-growing economies and to ensure universal access to modern energy services for people in client countries; and, strengthening policy and institutional frameworks to promote transparent and equitable growth of the extractives sectors for public benefit. There is a strong emphasis on private sector resource mobilization and catalyzing financing from commercial and other sources of development and climate finance.

The Africa Energy Program is growing rapidly, covering reforms (sector and corporate governance, energy security and the environment, regional energy trade, public-private partnerships, energy efficiency, etc.) and investment support in power generation, power and gas transmission and distribution, rural energy services, renewable energy development, low-carbon and climate friendly initiatives. The Program uses a variety of instruments, including investment lending, guarantees for public private partnerships, and development policy lending. In addition, the team manages a strong knowledge agenda to inform the policy dialogue in the sector. The Africa energy sector grouping consists of four Units: (i) East and Southern Africa (ii) Francophone Africa (iii) Central Africa and anglophone West Africa, and (iv) Central and Southern Africa. Each of the four Units is managed by a Practice Manager.

Regional integration and trade are an important pillar of World Bank’s energy sector engagement in Sub-Saharan Africa and the Bank supports the four power pools established in different sub-regions of Africa. One of these power pools, the Eastern Africa Power Pool (EAPP), was established in 2005 with a mandate to promote, coordinate and expand power trade in Eastern Africa. As some of the countries of Eastern Africa are emerging as major exporters and as critical interconnectors are under development, there is an urgent need to ensure operational and commercial readiness for trade and capacity building at both national and regional levels. World Bank supports regional integration in Eastern Africa through investments and technical assistance.


The East Africa unit (IAEE1) seeks an Extended Term Consultant (ETC) based in Washington to support the unit’s operational and advisory work in Ethiopia and other countries in Eastern Africa, as needed, with focus on the preparation and implementation of the Horn of Africa Regional Integration of Sustainable Energy Supply (HoA RISES) Project.

DUTIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES
The ETC responsibilities as a member of the team will include:Participate in the design, preparation and implementation of investment operations including the key cross-cutting issues such as gender, climate change, and citizen engagement etc,Support the design, preparation and implementation of sector strategies, studies, analytical work, policy work, and advisory activities as appropriate,Assist task team leaders in task planning, budget planning and management, project monitoring, and internal and external project coordination,Support the planning and preparation of missions, including mission schedule and materials such as meeting notes, briefings, aide-mémoires etc.,Support the task team leaders in monitoring and managing short-term consultants contracts and deliverables,Liaise with and support teams from other GPs of the World Bank and external stakeholders as the Bank engagement calls for,Prepare proposals, analysis and other relevant documents to support fund raising needed to support project preparation and implementation,Prepare progress reports for the existing trust funds, and monitor and manage trust funds in line with the trust fund administration requirements,Prepare dissemination material related to project design and preparation, including power point presentations, briefs and other relevant WB internal and external communication materials.
Selection Criteria
A Masters’ level degree in engineering, energy planning, finance, economics, business administration or equivalent areas;At least five years of relevant experience in the energy sector with demonstrated ability to engage credibly on a range of issues in developing countries;Operational experience in at least one of the following areas: energy access; transmission and distribution; energy finance and economics; clean cooking; regional integration; etc.Work experience in Sub-Saharan Africa would be desirable;Hands-on project management experience, a flair for problem-solving and an ability to self-navigate through complex bureaucratic environments;Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to build strong partnerships with clients, different stakeholders and colleagues across units and departmental boundaries in a multi-cultural environment with virtual teams located in different countries;Good written and oral communication skills in English is required, including an ability to communicate complex issues in simple terms and to engage in evidence-based dialogue with clients.

The WBG Core CompetenciesLead and Innovate – Develops innovative solutions.Deliver Results for Clients – Proactively addresses client’s stated and unstated needs.Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries – Collaborates across boundaries, gives own perspective and willingly receives diverse perspectives.Create, Apply and Share Knowledge – Applies knowledge across WBG to strengthen solutions for internal and/or external clients.Make Smart Decisions – Interprets a wide range of information

Other CompetenciesUtility Finance — In-depth understanding of financial modeling and financial accounting of infrastructure service providers.Energy Economics — In-depth understanding of economic modeling and assessment of infrastructure investments, energy pricing, and energy sector policy.Energy Sector Technologies – In-depth understanding of at least one area: hydrocarbon, power generation, transmission and distribution, renewables, energy efficiency, low carbon strategies, etc.Energy Policy, Strategy and Institutions – Familiarity with energy policies, strategies, institutions, and regulations.Knowledge and Experience in Development Arena – Understands policy making process; distills operationally relevant recommendations/lessons for clients.Policy Dialogue Skills – Identifies and assesses policy issues and plays an active role in the dialogue with the government and/or other stakeholders.Integrative Skills – Working to develop an integrated view across all facets of current sector.
Note: The selected candidate will be offered a one-year appointment, renewable for an additional one year, at the discretion of the World Bank Group, and subject to a lifetime maximum ET Appointment of two years. If an ET appointment ends before a full year, it is considered as a full year toward the lifetime maximum. Former and current ET staff who have completed all or any portion of their second-year ET appointment are not eligible for future ET appointments.

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	NetImpact Strategies Inc.	Rockville, MD 20852 (Twinbrook area)	None	"Job Description:

We have an immediate opportunity for an IT Project Manager to join our talented team in support of a Federal client in Rockville, MD. Responsibilities include overseeing and managing a multi-disciplined technical team of 13+ providing business intelligence and reporting, and end user support services in a scientific research environment. The successful candidate will have prior experience providing support in a scientific research environment managing similar tasks, developing schedules for program or project activities, and providing recommendations or alternative solutions to manage program, project, and technical risks.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for overall success of all tasks being performed under the contract.
Manage projects and provide oversight and guidance with optimal and efficient resource management.
Assist in overseeing and documenting the initiation, execution, and closing activities for a program/project.
Prepare and oversee work plans, schedules, planning materials.
Establish, document, and manage program baselines (e.g. budget, cost, schedule, requirements, architecture, and technical).
Ensure scope, cost, schedule milestones, and performance metrics are met or exceeded.
Assess, monitor, mitigate, and resolve program and project level risks and issues.
Develop and maintain program artifacts throughout the lifecycle of the initiative.
Develop and disseminate supporting program/project documentation (i.e., status reports, presentations, planning documents, etc.).
Ensure all contract deliverables are provided to the customer and approved per the requirements of the contract.
Meet with and routinely communicate with Government Leadership and the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) to discuss contract status.
Ensure constant and proactive communication with customers, team members, and subcontractors to actively mitigate any issues or concerns.
Provide input into security planning and Certification and Accreditation activities.
Provide program process and policy analysis and improvement recommendations.
Promote and encourage a “one team” attitude at all levels internally and externally.
Qualifications:
BS/MS degree from an accredited college with an Engineering or Applied Science major
8+ years of relevant, applicable professional experience in managing business intelligence and end user IT support services supporting scientists and researchers
PMP or FAC PM II+ Certification
ITIL Certification
Demonstrated experience leading end user support teams to deliver help/service desk and asset management functions
Experience with managing customer expectations and delivering the highest level of quality customer service
ServiceNow experience
Experience executing the lifecycle of technology refresh activities
Working knowledge of Federal IT (including HW and SW) and cybersecurity requirements, policies, and standards
Ability to obtain a Public Trust Clearance
About Us:

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US
NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.
ACCESSIBILITY NOTE
NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"")."	11146	Washington
Manager, Architecture and Technology	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12387

Organization: IFC

Sector: Information Technology

Grade: GH

Term Duration: 3 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 7/2/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Established in 1944, the World Bank Group (WBG) is one of the world’s largest sources of funding and knowledge for development solutions. The WBG consists of five specialized institutions: The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), the International Development Association (IDA), the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), and the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID).
The International Finance Corporation (IFC) is the largest global development institution focused on the private sector in emerging markets. Working with 2,000 businesses worldwide, the Corporation uses over six decades of experience to create opportunities where they are needed most. Private sector financial development is essential to the promotion of successful and sustainable economies in low- and middle-income countries around the world. Sound and efficient financial markets can ensure that resources are allocated where they are most productive, assisting job creation and spurring economic growth.
IFC has embarked on an ambitious new growth strategy, the outcome of which will be to double our volume of business by 2030 and triple the work we do in Low Income Countries (LICs) and Fragile and Conflict affected States (FCS). To do so, IFC will need to deploy its full range of financing, mobilization, advisory, convening and thought leadership skills. This also calls for the need to generate our own opportunities by proactively working “Upstream” to create, deepen, and expand markets and opportunities for the private sector and to imagine, design and implement investment projects. This strategy also relies on a closer WBG collaboration through the “Cascade” approach: working with clients, we will first seek private sector solutions to address development challenges—where such solutions are advisable and can be effective—and reserve public financing for projects only when other options are suboptimal.
VPU Context: Information and Technology Solutions (ITS) enables the WBG to achieve its mission of ending extreme poverty by 2030 and boosting shared prosperity in a sustainable manner by delivering transformative information and technologies to its staff working in over 130 client countries. ITS services range from: establishing the infrastructure to reach and connect staff and development stakeholders; providing the devices and agile technology and information applications to facilitate the science of delivery through decentralized services; creating and maintaining tools to integrate information across the World Bank Group, the clients we serve and the countries where we operate; and delivering the computing power staff need to analyze development challenges and identify solutions. The ITS business model combines dedicated business solutions centers that provide services tailored to specific World Bank Group business needs and shared services that provide infrastructure, applications and platforms for the entire Group. ITS is one of three VPUs that have been brought together as the World Bank Group Integrated Services (WBGIS), to provide enhanced corporate core services and enable the institution to operate as one strategic and coordinated entity.
Unit Context: The mission of the Corporate Information Technologies Department (CIT) is to leverage technology to enable IFC’s strategic priorities and to support IFC’s business and operations. By acting as the technology partner and business enabler, the department provides state-of-art information and technology solutions to support IFC’s Investment & Advisory Services, Financial Operations, Treasury & the Asset Management Company. We work closely with the business to design solutions that automate business processes, help enable business responsiveness to clients, improve operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, and manage risks. We are committed to delivering business solutions that deliver value for money while we continue to excel at the basics by providing IFC with an integrated digital platform that connects policies, processes, people, and knowledge across the institution in a holistic and staff-centric manner. CIT aims to ensure that our solutions meet the business needs of users across a range of functions including operations and corporate business processes, information, knowledge and learning, data and analytics, and more.

CIT is seeking a Manager to lead, guide, and manage the IFC’s Architecture and Technology unit. The position will report to IFC Chief Information Officer. The Architecture and Technology Manager (hereafter also referred as the Manager) will lead a unit that provides support to CIT’s two business portfolios (Frontline Operations and Frontline Finance), as well as work in a complementary and collaborative fashion with various WBG ITS units to help execute IFC’s Information management and technology strategy

First and foremost, the Architecture and Technology Manager will work very closely with WBG ITS Enterprise Architecture unit to ensure that a strong enterprise architecture, aligned with the WBG enterprise architecture principles and standards, is in place to guide the implementation of all IFC’s systems. The Manager will lead a team of business process, data, application, and technology architects in developing and governing the IFC’s enterprise architecture for all existing and to-be-built systems. He/she will provide the vision and leadership in articulating the future state of the IFC’s enterprise architecture, and champion the effort to implement the necessary architectural changes in existing systems to reach the desired objectives. The Architecture and Technology Manager will provide oversight of all architecture related aspects in the IFC’s Investment Program. In this capacity, he/she will partner with ITS Enterprise Architecture team to structure and manage the IFC’s Enterprise Architecture Review Board, the main governance body responsible for all aspects of the IFC’s architecture and technology.

Secondly, the Architecture and Technology Manager will work with ITS Enterprise Services unit to ensure sound, robust, high performance, and updated infrastructure is in place for all dependent IFC applications, agree and coordinate all relevant technical and infrastructure upgrades and changes.

Thirdly, the Architecture and Technology Manager will lead the unit to work jointly with ITS Technology Innovation unit and make use of various ITS technology and innovation experts to help drive CIT’s innovation effort, and help increase the rate of adoption of innovative technologies in IFC.

The Architecture and Technology Manager will also act as the key adviser to the IFC CIO on all technology matters and serve as a spokesperson for the IFC’s architecture and technology matters, both internally and externally, including representing IFC’s interests in the WBG’s Architecture Review Board.

Duties and Accountabilities
Develop and manage the IFC’s Architecture and Technology function, with particular focus on establishing the vision, business plan, and strategic staffing. In this respect, the Architecture and Technology Manager will lead the setting up of the key components of the unit, including (a) business process architecture, (b) data and information architecture, (c) systems and technologies architecture, (d) infrastructure and environment support, and (e) innovation.Lead the analysis of IFC’s business processes, data and systems landscape to recommend the direction for the to-be state of IFC’s enterprise architecture.Develop and provide applications platforms and tools that will guide the implementation, integration, and management of solutions in support of IFC IT Program, in alignment with a standard framework that ensures scale leverage and risk controls.Provide architecture and technology guidance to IFC’s Investment Program that will optimize the identification of solutions with an integrated view of the entire IFC application landscape.Analyze technologies and market trends in the industry, and determine potential applicability at the IFC, including but not limited to areas such as AI, robotic, automation, IOT, blockchain, virtualization, edge and cloud computing, mobility and more.In coordination with the WBG ITS Enterprise Architecture team, oversee the evaluation and selection of hardware and software product standards, as well as the design of standard hardware and software configurations.Evaluate and make decisions on the technology stack for every system developed for IFC.In coordination with the business portfolio solution design teams, ensure that the design and implementation of products and services are aligned with the established architectural direction and technology decisions, and identify adjustments to the design in order to accommodate specific development and/or infrastructure requirements.In coordination with the WBG ITS Enterprise Architecture team, establish and monitor standards, guidelines, checklists, and processes for architectural development and compliance.Take charge of the architecture of the entire IFC application landscape to ensure consistency, simplicity, and alignment with WBG Enterprise Architecture standards and guidelines, and industry best practice.Assess and communicate the result of the enterprise architecture implementation through relevant metrics and scorecards, and via the various architectural review boards.Liaise with other organizations to collaborate on joint initiatives, promote architectural compatibility and synergies in technology adoption and technical implementations.Set up the organization structure for the new unit, define the required roles and ensure the effective assignment of roles and responsibilities to staff, including hiring of new staff.Model exemplary WBG leadership values and managerial behaviors and reinforce these qualities in own team and staff.Drive and inspire technical excellence within the team and the unit by creating an environment of learning and innovation that attracts and develops the best talent reflective of the diversity of our clientsManage and mentor IT staff to provide state-of-the-practice services.Support management in developing and implementing appropriate strategies for global staffing, deployment, talent, and performance management.Develops and implements strategies to ensure that IFC and ITS can attract and retain top IT talent. By acting as a ""thought leader"" and developing a network of contacts in the community, this role increases the status of IFC and ITS as an employer for top IT talent thus contributing to the IFC's ability to attract and retain technical staff.Create an inclusive environment for staff and be a role-model to IFC’s diversion and inclusion agenda.Act as a technology adviser to the IFC CIO and provide recommendation on technology adoption for IFC as a whole.Provides special insights and expertise that ensures that breakthroughs and competitive advantage through technology are realized.
Selection Criteria
Passion for the WBG mission.Passion and vision for the adoption of technology in enabling existing business and fulfilling future business growth and transformation.Master’s degree in IT or related discipline and with at least 12 to 15 years of relevant experience (at least 2 of which must have been in a managerial or leading capacity).
Industry recognizable management and technical certifications in architecture, or related areas, are an advantage.In-depth knowledge and experience in developing and implementing business-driven enterprise architectures in multiple, sophisticated, and complex technical environments, while anticipating and mitigating risks. Experience in integrating architectures within multiple lines of business.Sound understanding of contemporary information management strategies and technologies, and their practical application to add business value. In-depth knowledge of network and Service Oriented Architecture analysis and design.Ability to translate the complexities of IT in a manner understood by non-technical executives.Knowledge of IFC and World Bank’s systems a plus, though not mandatory, including information reporting, document management, web management, application security, enterprise resource management, risk management and other corporate system. Demonstrated ability to design, integrate and implemented solutions within multilateral organizations.Possession of a combination of deep technical understanding, relationship management, financial management experience, proven leadership, and pragmatism to take stock of the status of the portfolio and make improvements in a decisive and objective manner.Ability to objectively negotiate and facilitate trade-offs, build consensus and commitment to a ‘best value’ direction among multiple stakeholders, often with broadly divergent frames of reference and competing interests, within a multinational institutionProven track record with leading matrixed teams and working collaboratively across organizational boundaries and partners to achieve program objectivesMust be a clear and logical thinker with an open and innovative mind, and the ability to think outside the box.Exceptional interpersonal, facilitation and negotiation skills to build partnerships with a network of key internal and external stakeholders. Track record for working with diverse groups to build consensus and driving integrated implementations.Open mindedness, willingness to transform, and the ability to act as a “change agent” both within CIT and for IFC.In-depth knowledge of business process reengineering principles and processes, and the ability to link these to strategic business priorities.Strong leadership, planning, and organizational skills combined with excellent written and verbal communication skills.Understanding of financial models and budgeting to estimate the financial impact of enterprise architecture alternatives.Demonstrable qualities of being resourceful, resilient, and versatile.The ability to handle tough deadlines, and multiple demands from multiple sources.Positive attitude and highest ethical standards are a must.

Job Specific Competencies
Client Understanding and Advising: Acts as a credible business partner and works with a long-term WBG-wide perspective in addressing clients' needs. Based on an in-depth understanding of long-term strategies of ITS and its clients, plays a lead role in advocating for a position that is best for WBG even when it’s difficult or unpopular with others in the VPU and/or the client. Builds an independent opinion of clients’ needs and opportunities that may challenge traditional approaches within WBG. Creates strategies that identifies where multiple VPU can add additional value to customers beyond normal offerings.Learning Orientation: Stays abreast of new trends and developments in the industry and broader trends affecting WBG. Tracks developments in the field through readily available sources and by maintaining active involvement with relevant industry, user and vendor associations. Ensures that best practices are incorporated into the normal approaches taken by the VPU to enhance the business.Broad Business Thinking: Maintains a deep understanding of key business issues. Understands the broader WBG-wide ramifications of individual account decisions and makes decisions accordingly to ensure consistency across WBG. Partners with business leaders to sponsor long-term WBG-wide initiatives. Defines strategic imperatives in terms of the links between increased value, WBG needs and services/solutions for multiple lines of business and WBGBusiness Function Knowledge: Participates in setting the strategic direction of and drivers for multiple lines of business. Applies superior industry benchmarks to proposals for organization-wide initiatives. Sponsors capital intensive, strategic business change. Reviews long-term business and technical solutions proactively. Evaluates high -risk proposals and defines parameters for contingency plans that ensure seamless change to the enterprise.Foundation Architecture Knowledge: Sets the strategic direction for and approves the overall definition for the organization's architecture standards. Reviews emerging trends and assesses impact for company. Applies and adapts to the needs of the enterprise both philosophy and principles of foundation architecture. Integrates the technology architecture with the strategic goals of the business.Knowledge of Emerging Technology: Reviews, sponsors and approves recommendations for applying new or emerging technology throughout the enterprise. Develops associated long-term strategy, impact and plan for emerging technology application throughout the environment, communicating implementation, integration and interconnectivity risks and issues to senior business leaders. Provides input and direction to vendors and manufacturers with regard to their product development.Strategic Technology Planning: Researches and benchmarks against best-practice architecture/technology needs for significant, integrated work processes. Defines criteria for prioritization and recommends core components of a strategy technology plan. Leads implementation of the approved strategic technology plan for significant, integrated work processes. Systems Thinking: Sponsors strategic long-term improvement plans that take into account the critical, underlying and less apparent relationships between multiple complex business, technology and systems platforms. Devises and evaluates plans that integrate system components across existing and new businesses. Reviews risk evaluations and approves significant changes and upgrades.Risk Management: Determines the probability of risk and provides input for major investments and strategic decisions. Sponsors, reviews and approves long-term, enterprise-wide strategies. Allocates resources and responsibilities for the purposes of risk identification, monitoring and treatment.

CORE COMPETENCIES

WBG Leadership Values and Managerial Behaviors:
Leadership of Self: Role model the change and values for WBG; Demonstrate courage of convictions, ownership and self-mastery within the organization in accordance to our valuesPeople Leadership: Lead and inspire staff to perform and deliver for better results; Help others achieve their fullest potential through coaching and mentorshipCollaborative Leadership: Be mutually accountable for entire WBG’s corporate targets and success; Work across WBG and with clients and partners to achieve better resultsClient Solutions Leadership: Be the leading provider of development solutions for country clients; Provide leadership in both knowledge generation and knowledge sharingDecisive Leadership: Take informed risks and make decisions in a transparent manner resulting in transformative impact for clients; Commit to decisions once they have been made

WBG 5 Managerial Competencies: Courage of your convictions; Leading Teams for impact; Influencing across boundaries; Fostering openness to new ideas; and Building talent for the future.

WBG Core Competencies for all staff: Lead and Innovate; Deliver Results for Clients; Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries; Create, Apply and Share Knowledge; and Make Smart Decisions

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11146	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER (W2/1099 POSITION)	DAtec	Rockville, MD	None	IT Project ManagerLocation: McLean, VADuration: 6 Months with possible extension/ Possible contract to hireJob Description: - Project management experience in mortgage industryTechnical/Soft Must Haves: - Previous Client experience is strongly preferred.- Previous Mortgage industry experience with other related organizations will be a second choice.- Must have Agile experience.- CyberArk experience would also be a big plus.Experience in: - Running complex projects with small-size budget and scope spanning across several systems- Running projects using software development life cycle (SDLC), Agile methodology, Application Maintenance Change Process (AMCP) and project management life cycle (PMLC)- Excellent communication, influencing and collaboration skills- Good organization, presentation and customer service skillsStrong experience in project management processes: - Budget management and resource management- Communication- Risk management- Scope and change request management- Schedule management- Internal controls and quality managementJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $99,999.00 per hourApplication Question(s):EMAIL ID?Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19Speak with the employer+91 00000	11146	Washington
Health IT Project Manager	Customer Value Partners, Inc	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

CVP is seeking a Health IT Project Manager in support of our federal healthcare client who is an essential service provider to the “research enterprise” of the world’s foremost and largest cancer research entity. This is a mature organization that effectively and efficiently serves scientific computing and informatics support needs of NIH. Our team will consist of SME’s with deep expertise in health and biomedical IT and informatics services, as well as clinical and biomedical research experience.
Responsibilities:
Lead project management, data management, and reporting services; e.g., data abstraction, quality assurance, user support and reporting in support of Clinical Trials Reporting Program (CTRP); Monitors the performance of each task or group of tasks and informs the Program Manager of all risks and accomplishments.
Serves as the technical authority for specific task areas and participates in solutions of systems problems with new technology.
Direct systems analysts, programmers, other technical personnel on assigned work and provides technical direction.
Serve as source for bioinformatics and NIH domain knowledge.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering or related field.
5+ years of demonstrated ability to interact with all levels of personnel and communicate clearly in a professional manner, both oral and written.
Expert knowledge of project development with estimating, scheduling, and tracking project life cycles, including the ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple projects.
Must meet all requirements for obtaining and maintaining a Public Trust Clearance.
Desired Skills
Possess knowledge, expertise, and experience in supporting biomedical and/or research information technology and informatics.
Knowledge and experience with NIH processes, procedures, technologies, and applications are a strength.
Possess leadership/managerial experience at the National Institute of Health.
About CVP
Customer Value Partners (CVP) is an award-winning business and next-gen technology consulting company that helps organizations navigate disruption and prepare for a culture of Continuous Change. We solve critical problems for healthcare, national security, and public sector clients through innovative strategies and solutions which leverage technologies and industry expertise in areas including Technology Modernization, Health, Data Science & Engineering, Business Transformation, and Cybersecurity. CVP delivers unparalleled excellence to clients and employees through our strong culture of integrity, engagement, respect, and a passion for our clients’ missions.
Customer Value Partners, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor and an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability. Customer Value Partners seeks to provide employment opportunities for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities."	11146	Washington
Senior Manager, IT Project Management	ZeniMax Media Inc.	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"Overview:

ZeniMax IT is looking for an exceptional leader to help guide the creation of our new project management team.
The successful applicant will work as part of the ZeniMax IT senior management team ensuring that the IT group is collaborating across the organization to manage and drive our products and services. This leader will ensure high quality scheduling and milestone planning, identify dependencies and possible workflow blockages, facilitate communication between stakeholders and internal departments, and manage high risk areas of development. They will also be responsible for building the project management team to be able to fulfill these objectives. This role will be a strong influence on the global IT organization’s burgeoning work management processes.
Responsibilities:
Continue to build a first-class enterprise IT project management organization.
Collaborate with a wide variety of staff to create project schedules, drive milestones, and successfully deploy and operate enterprise IT products.
Develop and refine organization processes to increase production efficiency, work life balance, and quality.
Lead a team of project managers effectively, while mentoring and growing their skillsets.
Communicate and collaborate with senior management on the status of all IT projects.
Manage work ingest and planning for IT in partnership with their external stakeholders and customers:
Corporate functions (Finance, Legal, Marketing, Sales etc.)
External software developers
Game Studios
Qualifications:
At least 5 years of project management experience in enterprise IT or live operations with a clear understanding of how to lead IT project management teams.
Proven track record building and developing enterprise IT project management teams.
Strong expertise in the product owner role, and mentoring others to become effective product owners.
Passion for an improvement mindset, both at an organization and personal level
Excellent at receiving and incorporating feedback.
Must thoroughly understand the mechanics behind cross discipline team collaboration and product ownership.
Ability to prioritize development initiatives, balancing both business and qualitative needs.
Ability to create project schedules and milestones, and monitor the progress of department milestones, and individual tasks against those schedules.
Ability to collaboratively create and implement best project management practices and processes regarding the specific needs of the individual teams and projects.
Excellent organizational skills, detail orientated and can multi-task under pressure.
Project management software skills using Jira or other project management software.
Preferred Skills:

Preferred Certifications
Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)
Agile Alliance
Scrum Alliance
PMP"	11146	Washington
Administrator I	Medstar Georgetown University Hospital	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	"MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute-care teaching and research hospital with 609 beds located in Northwest Washington, D.C. Founded in the Jesuit principle of cura personalis—caring for the whole person—MedStar Georgetown is committed to offering a variety of innovative diagnostic and treatment options within a trusting and compassionate environment.
MedStar Georgetown’s centers of excellence include neurosciences, transplant, cancer and gastroenterology. Along with Magnet® nurses, internationally recognized physicians, advanced research and cutting-edge technologies, MedStar Georgetown’s healthcare professionals have a reputation for medical excellence and leadership
Job Summary
This position serves as Administrative Operations Manager for the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Responsible for personnel, payroll, computerized systems, telecommunications, and facilities as it relates to the department. This position works with all Department Administrators, Associate Administrators, Nursing Coordinators, Managers, and Supervisors in the areas of human resources, facilities, financial planning and department policies, ensuring that all are trained according to these policies. This position works closely with as well as under the general direction of the Department Administrator, actively participating in strategic planning, construction and growth projects. Acts as back-up for the account analyst for the department. These functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and Georgetown University Hospital’s philosophy, policies, procedures and standards.
Education, Experience, and License Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Must have five to seven years of administrative experience, preferably in an academic medical center setting.

Job Responsibilities
PERSONNEL
Initiates and completes all paperwork required for personnel transactions for departmental faculty and staff (ca. 100). Reviews and authorizes signature for department personnel paperwork. Interacts on behalf of the department with human resources, payroll, and medical center. Maintains position log and tracks job descriptions, vacancies, and merits. Works with both GUH and University Human Resources departments.
Determine new position needs and type in consultation with department senior Management Team, physicians or Principal Investigator with attention to fiscal feasibility. Identifies positions and initiates, completes and submits all paperwork required for position reclassification, working closely with Human Resources personnel. Reviews all staff evaluations for accuracy and completeness and instructs department managers as to content.
Instructs and guides department managers as to disciplinary and termination process of all staff, prepares and serves as authorized signature for documents and actively participates in the action. Responds to internal and external grievance inquires and participates in other labor relations activities. Recommends and initiates staff incentive action and other staff morale development activities.
Develops and maintains spreadsheet tracking of all department staff competency requirements, license requirements and ensures managers enable staff to complete as needed.
Orients all permanent and temporary employees to the department. Interviews and assists with the selection of candidates for various positions.
Expert for the department regarding personnel policy and procedures. Ensures that department policies are in accordance with Medical Center and external regulatory policies and legislation. In absence of Department Administrator has authority to make operational decisions to keep department goals on target.
Establishes and maintains current policies for department concerning dress code, office hours, staff functions, holidays, and others as needed. Trains department managers on policies and monitors compliance.
Ensures that Pay for Performance standards are being met. Participates in the establishment of and monitors merit budget at the division/unit level.
Develops and enacts reduction in force procedures for department as necessitated.
PAYROLL
Responsible for a faculty and staff payroll in excess of eight million dollars yearly, insuring the correct allocation of salaries as it relates to department and hospital cost centers.
Prepares and approves department faculty and staff PTF's and payroll journal vouchers as needed to ensure correct salary amounts and accurate salary allocations.
Expert for department regarding salary offers for new hires addressing like position equity and conducts salary discussions with new hires.
Handles or directs all tasks related to biweekly and monthly payroll, i.e. calculates and approves weekly department payroll, distributes checks, and prepares memos and paperwork for corrections.
Reviews paperwork submitted by satellite offices for accuracy. Responsible for security of checks.
Ensures that all deadlines have been met and employees are paid on time. Verifies leave accruals.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT, FUNCTIONS, AND COMMUNICATIONS
As department Telecommunications Manager: Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all submitted telephone service requests. Determines which services are needed by individuals. Reviews department phone bills for accuracy and to determine areas where costs could be cut.
Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all computer/printer service requests i.e. moves, access, and software. Orders and maintains office equipment to include: copiers, fax machine, telephones, pagers, dictation/transcription equipment, lounge appliances, and others as needed. Recommends new capital equipment purchases as needed. Participates in allocating furniture, signage, and other office resources.
Facility Maintenance: Contact and liaison for engineering, housekeeping facilities, and security. Approves all key requests. Obtains space renovation estimates. Coordinates all department office moves and signage requests.
Authorized signature for expense authorizations in the absence of the Account Analyst.
Active member of Practice Oversight Committee reviewing Practice trends and advising/recommending changes to enhance financial stability, JACHO compliance, customer service and staff longevity.
Exemplifies Guest and Staff Relations standards in all activities and holds staff accountable for conformity with those standards in all activities.
Assumes other duties and responsibilities that are appropriate to the position and area. The above responsibilities are a general description of the level and nature of the work assigned to this classification and are not to be considered as all inclusive."	11146	Washington
IT Specialist (INFOSEC)	US National Institutes of Health	Montgomery County, MD	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO), Office of the Director (OD), National Institutes of Health (NIH).
The employee serves as an Information Technology (IT) Specialist (Information Security) and technical lead for Threat Mitigation and Incident Response team. Reports directly to the Cyber Security Operations & Threat Mitigation/Incident Response supervisor/manager.
Responsibilities
Oversees the development of policies, procedures and program activities related to cybersecurity operations.
Advises and assists leadership on Incident Response, situational awareness and other Information Security matters.
Identifies, evaluates, and recommends new solutions, technology, and advanced techniques in the field of information security.
Consults and collaborates on Cyber Threat Intelligence and Counterintelligence activities, and high impact issues and incidents at the Agency level.
Leads, coordinates, conducts, oversees, and participates in educational efforts and seminars on information security operations, other information security matters, regulations, best practices, and other procedures appropriate to the NIH environment.
Provides leadership and direction to the NIH in matters involving the Information Systems Security Program.
Coordinates NIH-wide initiatives regarding Information Systems Security especially as they relate to distributed systems.
Leads and is highly involved with but not limited to the following activities: Large incident coordination and response, 24x7x365 Cyber Security Operations, Cyber Threat Hunt, Cyber Threat Intelligence; Digital Forensics; Content Development (Including SIEM, correlation searches and detection signatures); Cyber counterintelligence and Insider Threats; Red/Blue/Purple Teaming; Law enforcement support and investigations; AND Cloud Security Operations and Incident Response development and integration
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
Computer Security Specialists
Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
Officers, Chief Technology
Specialists, Computer Security
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship requirement or proof of being a U.S. National must be met by closing date.
Employment is subject to the successful completion of a background investigation, verification of qualifications, completion of onboarding forms, submission of required documents, and any other job-related requirement before or after appointment.
Applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.
Males born after December 31, 1959 must be registered with the Selective Service.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Top Secret Security Clearance.
Qualifications
In order to qualify for the IT Specialist (INFOSEC), GS-2210-14 position, you must have IT related experience demonstrated by paid or unpaid experience obtained in either the private or public sector, and/or completion of specific, intensive training that demonstrates that you possess each of the following four competencies:
Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail;
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services;
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately;
Problem Solving - identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.
AND

You must demonstrate in your resume that you have at least one (1) year of qualifying specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-13 level in the Federal service obtained in either the private or public sector, typically gained in the IT field or through performing IT related tasks such as: performing IT-related security policy compliance reviews and evaluations of information systems and computer systems to determine the adequacy of security; recommending the development of policies, objectives, standards, and procedures concerning information security and management improvement activities; evaluating commercial and publicly available security tools used for: system monitoring and intrusion detection, system scanning, authentication, access control, and encryption and configuration management; advising on the vulnerability management aspects of an organization-wide security program; and consulting with stakeholders on the resolution of difficult problems during the process of design and implementation of systems or projects.

A combination of education and specialized experience that meets the qualification requirements for this position. You will receive credit for all experience material to the position, including experience gained in religious, civic, welfare, service, and organizational activities, regardless of whether you received pay.

Do not copy and paste the duties, specialized experience, or occupational assessment questionnaire from this announcement into your resume as that will not be considered a demonstration of your qualifications for this position.

Preview assessment questionnaire before you apply: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11150313
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.

This position is designated as a ""non-emergency/teleworker"" position and the selected candidate will be considered a ""non-emergency/teleworker"" employee. In the event of a closure, you must be available to telework or request leave.
A one-year probationary period may be required upon selection/placement.
At the supervisor's discretion, this position may offer work schedule flexibilities: [telework, remote work, compressed schedules, flexible schedules].
A newly appointed or reappointed individual may receive a recruitment incentive. Recipients will be determined on a case-by-case basis based on organizational need, specific case justification, and budget limitations.
A newly appointed or reappointed employee may receive service credit for prior work experience or active duty uniformed service that otherwise would not be creditable for the purpose of determining his or her annual leave accrual rate. All creditable service must be directly related to the duties of the position being filled and decisions to allow for such credit must be finalized prior to the selectee's entrance on duty. Recipients will be determined on a case-by-case basis based on organizational need, specific case justification, and budget limitations.
PHS Commissioned Officers interested in performing the duties of this position within the Commissioned Corps should also apply online to this announcement in order to receive consideration.
The National Institutes of Health participates in the USCIS Electronic Employment Eligibility Verification Program (E-Verify). E-Verify helps employers determine employment eligibility of new hires and the validity of their Social Security numbers.
The NIH maintains a tobacco free work environment and campus.
Must be able to perform the essential duties of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation.
Visit our Applicant FAQs page for helpful information on the application process.
Visit our Total Compensation page for a detailed look into the benefits, awards, leave, retirement and other incentives employees may receive as part of a rewarding work environment.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Additional selections may be made for similar positions across the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) within the local commuting area(s) of the location identified in this announcement. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with interested selecting official(s) at HHS. Clearance of CTAP/ICTAP will be applied for similar positions across HHS.

The position(s) advertised in this announcement are covered by a direct hire authority. Traditional rating and ranking of applicants, including category rating, does not apply to this vacancy. You will be initially evaluated against the basic qualifications only. Qualified applicants will be referred for consideration in accordance with the Office of Personnel Management direct hire guidelines. Veterans' Preference does not apply to positions covered by a direct hire authority.

To determine your qualifications and referral status, we may review your resume and supporting documentation and compare it against your responses to the vacancy questionnaire. Ensure you support your self-ratings by the information you provide in your application. We may verify or assess your qualifications at any time. Inflated or unsupported qualifications may affect your rating. Any misrepresentation or material omission of facts may be sufficient cause to end further consideration of your candidacy. Persons listed as having knowledge of your past accomplishments or experience in your application may be contacted for verification purposes at any time. Verification may, but need not, begin prior to receiving an offer.

To be considered well qualified for the purposes of the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) and the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP), you must be able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry and substantively exceed the basic qualifications and meet all eligibility, physical, medical, suitability, and all other requirements.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Top Secret
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Critical-Sensitive (CS)/High Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
REQUIRED FOR ALL APPLICANTS

RESUME:
Your resume must thoroughly describe how your skills and experiences align to the criteria defined in the ""Qualifications"" section of this announcement and it must support your responses to the assessment questionnaire. We cannot assume you have performed the necessary experience required for this position regardless of your employment history or academic career.


To ensure all of the essential information is in your resume, we encourage you to use the USAJOBS online Resume Builder. If you choose to use your own resume, you must ensure it contains all of the required information and you organize it so we can associate the following information for each experience/position:

Job title
Name of employer
Beginning and ending dates of employment (month/day/year format)
Hours worked per week. We will assume full-time unless otherwise stated. We will prorate part-time employment in crediting experience.
Detailed description of job duties, accomplishments, related skills, and responsibilities to include any supervisory/managerial responsibilities and number of staff supervised (if applicable)
Series and grade or equivalent (if a federal position)
If the position has an education requirement or you are qualifying on the basis of education, you must list your education history including the type of degree and your major of study. If the position requires a certain number of credit hours, you are strongly encouraged to list the relevant courses in your resume.


Do not include a photograph or video of yourself, or any sensitive information (age, date of birth, marital status, protected health information, religious affiliation, social security number, etc.) on your resume or cover letter. We will not access web pages linked on your resume or cover letter to determine your qualifications.


For resume writing guidance, please visit the following resources: NIH Jobs website, USAJOBS Resource Center, and the USAJOBS Resume Writing Video Tutorial.

ASSESSMENT QUESTIONNAIRE:
You must submit a completed assessment questionnaire.


Unless otherwise stated, we will only use the information above to determine your qualifications. Not providing the required information may result in a determination that you do not meet minimum requirements for the position (e.g., an ineligible rating) or a lower rating.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTATION FOR CAREER TRANSITION CLAIMS

Visit our websites to claim selection priority through the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP):
CTAP: https://jobs.nih.gov/announcement-links/CTAP.htm
ICTAP: https://jobs.nih.gov/announcement-links/ictap.htm
If you do not provide the required information, we will assume you are not eligible or you do not wish to be considered for any preference or eligibility.

Please do not submit any other supplementary documentation that is not requested of you. To protect your personal information, we will only send your resume and cover letter to the selecting official or hiring manager.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
You must be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. National. Foreign nationals or legal permanent residents are not eligible for consideration."	11146	Washington
Assistant Property Manager at 1666 K Street	JBG Properties, Inc.	Washington, DC (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

The Assistant Property Manager is responsible for assisting the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager in the overall administrative, financial and operational management of assigned assets. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, invoice management/processing, contract administration, physical inspections and tenant relations in addition to assisting the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager with budgeting and reforecasting, lease administration and accounts receivable. The Assistant Property Manager is responsible for complying with the operational policies and procedures established by JBG Smith.
Responsibilities:

The Assistant Property Manager’s specific responsibilities and duties under the direction of the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager include, but are not limited to the following:
Establish and maintain excellent tenant relations. Regularly meet with tenant contacts to ensure expectations are met and issues are addressed in a timely manner.
Conduct and document property inspections using the electronic ticket system.
Oversee the processing of purchasing paperwork, including input of invoices into Payscan and P2P, researching, coding, tracking, contracts and special check requests. Responsible for reviewing and approving invoices up to the limit of authority, under the direction of the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager.
Assist in managing the electronic work ticket system to include entering and closing tickets and preparing reports and graphs as requested.
Assist Property Manager and Portfolio Manager in the preparation of the annual budget, conducting monthly operations statement reviews, preparing the monthly operating report and quarterly reforecast report, review of annual reconciliations and estimates as requested.
Assist the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager in overseeing service contractor performance, including preparation of requests for proposal and contract specifications, analysis of pricing, transition issues and adherence to specifications.
Coordinate with engineering staff to ensure successful delivery of building operations.
Review and have strong knowledge of the individual leases and lease provisions in place at each of the assigned properties to ensure that the services offered are appropriate to the tenant requests, etc.
Manage and oversee the receivables collections process
Coordinate tenant move ins or move outs, including: meeting with moving contractors to review rules and regulations, securing proper insurance certificates, advising tenant of restrictions and ensuring in all ways possible that the moving procedure is feasible. Complete lease administration duties as it relates to the internal process of documenting the tenant move activity.
Assist the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager in the review and approval of annual reconciliations, and assist in the completion of all miscellaneous tenant billing. Responsible for learning and understanding tenant leases and lease clauses.
Maintain accurate lease files, property files and vendor files on site.
Review new lease documents and confirm lease abstract accuracy.
Responsible for efficient and regular communication to the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager regarding property and tenant activities.
Assist Property Manager and Portfolio Manager and others with special projects as necessary. Should be willing and able to offer assistance to Management Services, the Engineering Team, Leasing and Development where applicable. Complete special projects as assigned.
Perform back-up duties to the Property Manager when that individual is not in the office. This includes becoming familiar with company emergency policies and procedures and using good judgment in emergency situations.
Preparing incident and theft reports as directed by the Property Manager and/or Portfolio Manager.
Excellent attendance and punctuality are essential functions of this position.
Qualifications:

Education/Experience:
BA/BS degree preferred plus a minimum of two years progressive experience in commercial real estate management desired.
RPA or CPM designation or candidacy preferred.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations:
Certified Property Manager or Real Property Administrator designation or candidacy preferred.
Technical Experience:
Strong computer skills in MS Office including Microsoft Word and Outlook with advanced capabilities in Microsoft Excel required.
Intermediate capabilities with other Windows programs and the operation of a PC in general. Ability to learn and effectively use internal software packages such as Yardi, Kardin, and Honest Buildings.
Other Skills/Requirements:
Strong interpersonal skills, with demonstrated effective oral and written communication skills required.
Ability to regularly and customarily exercise discretion and independent judgment.
Strong knowledge of building mechanical systems and construction management preferred.
Ability to prepare accurate and detailed monthly financial reports.
Strong analytical and effective problem solving skills coupled with the ability to work independently and effectively manage concurrent tasks.
Strong organizational skills
Must be a smart, independent worker who exercises good judgment, uses discretion and keeps the process moving forward, all with minimal supervision.
Should be confident, self-directed and motivated, organized, and demonstrate quick turnaround, follow through and follow up.
Must be reliable, dependable with excellent attendance, flexible and versatile.
Other Important Attributes:
Composed demeanor, professional appearance, positive attitude and customer-oriented approach are priorities for this position.
Must possess positive interpersonal skills and be able to communicate well and in a positive manner to customers, employees, visitors, and vendors at all times.
Must be an independent worker who exercises good judgment and uses discretion, all with minimal supervision.
Should be self-directed and motivated, organized, and demonstrate quick turnaround, follow through and follow up.
Must be reliable and dependable with excellent attendance; attendance and punctuality are essential functions of this position.
The ability to work well under pressure.
Physical Requirements:
The physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions to the extent the Company may do so without undue hardship.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit, use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee is regularly required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, and lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions to the extent the Company may do so without undue hardship. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
JBG SMITH is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected class, in accordance with applicable law."	11146	Washington
IT Support Manager	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
Bachelor's degree, or relevant experience
2+ years’ experience managing a technical support team

At Amazon, we strive to be Earth’s most customer-centric company where we can find and discover anything we want to buy online. We hire the world’s brightest minds, offering them an environment in which one can relentlessly improve the customer experience. Innovation and creativity are built into the DNA of the company and are encouraged at all levels of employment. Every day we solve complex technical and business problems with ingenuity and simplicity. We’re making history and the good news is we’ve only just begun.
AWS IT Services Support team provides highly-available IT support for Amazon employees worldwide. We provide support for all used client applications, operating systems, email, VPN, mobile devices, and common collaboration services such as SharePoint and Exchange. Our customers may engage us via phone, chat, in person, or trouble ticketing.
You will manage local and/or remote resources and assist the global organization to define the perfect customer experience and own the strategies to create that experience. You will help the group develop and leverage their knowledge base to expedite the resolution of recurrent issues. You will identify ways to proactively reduce requests through automation, documentation, and process improvement. You will set high standards for issue handling, escalation and problem management across the organization and guide the team with metrics and goals that clearly measure their success.
You will work alongside a group of leaders to define the priorities and track the metrics and key performance indicators within the organization as a whole. You will hold service owners accountable to resolve issues on behalf of your customers.

Responsibilities include:

Leading a team of Support Engineers. Recognizing inefficiency and driving process improvement to enhance the productivity of all Amazonian's.
Measuring, monitoring, and maintaining the team’s ability to meet or exceed contact and resolution Service Level Agreements (SLA).
Coordinating a variety of projects in an operational environment.
Written and verbal communication with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.
Working with engineering teams to plan for the support of new tools and services and improving the level of support provided for existing ones.
Developing and maintaining policies, procedures, and processes.
Hiring, developing, and retaining great talent.
Reducing contacts through process improvement and root cause analysis.
Responding to inquiries, escalations, and establishing partnerships with key customers and service owners.
An understanding of enterprise IT systems such as Exchange and Active Directory, as well as exposure to a wide variety of technical products and issues
Experience and/or qualification relating to but not limited to: Linux, Cisco, ITIL, and Microsoft
Technical troubleshooting and strong analytical skills
Established time and project management skills with the ability to lead multiple projects simultaneously
Experience in ITIL Framework
Proven ability to operate in an extreme high pressure dynamic fast paced situations, successfully handle multiple competing priorities and possess a high level of discipline while displaying a high degree of flexibility and professionalism
Experience communicating cross-functionally and across management levels in formal and informal settings
Experience in making data-driven decisions

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us"	11146	Washington
UTILITY BILLING SPECIALIST	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA 22201	$38,002 - $58,053 a year	"Position Information
The Department of Environmental Services is seeking to hire a Billing Specialist to our Utilities Billing team. This employee works in a team environment within the Utility Billing Office (UBO) which is responsible for accurate and timely billing of 38,000 customer accounts for water, sewer and refuse services. The Billing Specialist will be trained on and serve various critical business functions performed by the UBO team such as addressing escalated customer issues, submitting daily system jobs, processing returned payments, preparing leak adjustments, and issuing credit refunds.

Specific duties:
Assisting the Billing Manager with the timely review of approximately 14,500 bills each month for possible errors or anomalies;
Reviewing account anomalies through the effective analysis of water consumption data and historical usage trends from multiple business systems and reports including our utility billing system and billing system generated reports;
Analyzing data from multiple sources to provide business intelligence and executive level reports for management and interdependent work groups including our Customer Service Office and Water, Sewer, & Streets Bureau.
Serving as a primary contact for the field technicians and support staff in the Water, Sewer, & Streets Bureau that manage and maintain our water, sewer, and metering infrastructure;
Issuing service orders to field staff for read verifications, estimate meter readings, and change or approve readings on accounts before service charges are calculated and bills are issued;
Processing and performing quality review of meter-related service orders to identify account discrepancies and ensure accuracy and completeness of registration information to update the billing system;
Providing excellent service to customers needing assistance with registering, accessing, and administering online account management tools, such as our customer service portal and our paperless bill program; and
Supporting operational tasks as a member of a cohesive team or supporting assigned special projects such as the current effort to update our existing consumption-based billing structure.
The ideal candidate will be organized, detail oriented and technically savvy in the use of multiple systems, will be able to manage large volumes of work according to a production schedule, analyze large amounts of data to generate business intelligence and have experience in a related billing industry.
Selection Criteria
Minimum:
High school diploma or GED; and
At least two years of experience providing office support, including providing direct customer service support to the public and/or performing billing functions.
Substitution: Successful completion of college coursework from an accredited college or university can be substituted for the experience requirement on the following basis:

2 years = 6 months of experience;
4 years = 1 year of experience.
Education may not substitute for more than one year of experience.

Desirable: Preference may be given to candidates with experience in one or more of the following:

Validating information and calculating monetary adjustments using spreadsheets;
Using software systems to research and/or enter and retrieve data; and/or
Resolving customer billing issues or other service-related complaints.
Additional Information
Work Hours: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Occasional overtime may be required.

Please complete each section of the application. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Your responses to the supplemental questionnaire are considered part of the selection process and are required for this position. Incomplete applications will not be considered.

The official title of this position is Services Assistant IV."	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager (SYSANALYSIS)	US Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agenc...	Arlington, VA	$72,750 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
Who May Be Considered:
Status Candidates
Veterans
Land Management Eligibles under the Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act.
View common definitions of terms found in this announcement.


This position is located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), Infrastructure Security Division.

Responsibilities
The Infrastructure Security Division (ISD) focuses on protecting critical infrastructure from all hazards by managing risk and enhancing resilience through collaboration with the critical infrastructure community, which includes private sector owners, operators, and employees; State, local, tribal, and territorial officials; and other Federal agencies.

The primary purpose of the position is to serve as the IT Program Manager (SYSANALYSIS). Typical work assignments include:

Standardizes systems design methods and coordinates implementation of process improvement methods and concepts
Leads IT system project activities and coordinates with Integrated Product Team members.
Develops methods to monitor and measure risk, compliance, and assurance efforts.
Conceptualizes, designs, procures, and/or builds security information technology (IT) systems.
Manages the package of support functions required to field and maintain the readiness and operational capability of systems and components.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
13
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. citizen to apply for this position.
You must successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a credit check, a review of financial issues, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs.
Selective Service - males born after 12/31/59 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service see http://www.sss.gov/
You must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
Current Federal employees must meet time-in-grade requirements.
One-year probationary period may be required.
You must submit to a drug test and receive a negative test result prior to appointment to this position.
If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application.
DHS uses e-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities.
Relocation expenses are not authorized. Other recruitment incentives may be authorized.
This position has been designated excluded from bargaining unit representation under the national security provision of 5 USC Section 7112(B)(6).
All employees are required to participate in Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer for salary payments.
This position may be designated as essential personnel. Essential personnel must be able to serve during continuity of operation events without regard to declarations of liberal leave or government closures due to weather, protests, and acts of terrorism or lack of funding. Failure to report for or remain in this position may result in disciplinary or adverse action in accordance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations (5 U.S.C. § 7501-7533 and 5 CFR Part 752, as applicable).

Qualifications
You qualify for this position if you possess information technology related experience demonstrating each of the four required competencies:
Attention to Detail: Performs analysis of systems and reviews processes for improvement or new proposed systems.
Customer Service: Work with internal and/or external clients to ensure proper operation of IT systems.
Oral Communication: Expresses information that can be technical in nature to leadership or staff to ensure proper IT operations
Problem Solving: Identifies problems and determines appropriate system changes, upgrades or design to ensure proper function.
In addition to the above requirement, you may qualify for the GS-11 grade level, if you possess any of the following:

A. At least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-09 grade level. Specialized experience includes:
Providing advice and guidance to management on minor IT issues, and
Assisting with the development, scheduling, and coordination of IT projects and resources; OR,
B. I have a Ph.D. or equivalent or 3 full years of progressively higher-level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related; OR,


C. I have appropriate combination of successfully completed graduate level education and experience described in A and B above, that, when combined, equals 100% of the total requirement.

You may qualify for the GS-12 grade, if you possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 grade. Specialized experience includes:
Providing recommendations on critical IT issues to meet business requirements; and
Using methods and tools for risk assessments and mitigations to manage projects risks.
Such experience is typically gained in the IT field or through the performance of work where the primary concern is IT.

NOTE: Your resume must support your responses to the online questionnaire, the qualification and time-in-grade requirements. Failure to do so will result in an ineligible rating.

Time-in-Grade Requirements: Under competitive merit promotion procedures, any individual who is currently holding, or who has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under a non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet ""time-in-grade"" requirements (have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade of the grade for which you are applying).

NOTE: Current and former employees MUST submit a copy of their SF-50 Form which shows competitive service appointment (""position occupied"" block 34 on the SF-50 should show a ""1""), tenure group (block 24 should show a 1 or 2), grade, and salary. If you are applying for a higher grade, please provide the SF-50 Form which shows the length of time you have been in your current/highest grade (examples of appropriate SF50s include appointment, reassignment, with-in grade/range increases and promotion actions). Please note: Pay adjustments and awards do not include the length of time in your current position, therefore, they are NOT acceptable. If you have promotion potential in your current position, please provide proof. Employees applying with an interchange agreement must provide proof of their permanent appointment.

You MUST meet all qualification requirements, including Time-in-Grade, by the closing date of this announcement. Qualification AND time-in-grade claims will be subject to verification.

NOTE: Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
Promotion Potential: The full performance level of this position is GS-13.

This is a non-supervisory position.

Pursuant to Executive Order 12654 and DHS policy, DHS is committed to maintaining a drug-free workplace and, therefore, conducts random and other drug testing of its employees in order to ensure a safe and healthy work environment. Headquarters personnel in safety- or security-sensitive positions are subject to random drug testing and all applicants tentatively selected for employment at DHS Headquarters are subject to drug testing resulting in a negative test result.

Current or Former Political Appointees: The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Applicants will be evaluated on their resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. If you meet the minimum qualifications, your experience, education and training will be rated using an Assessment Questionnaire that is based on the following competencies or knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to perform this job:

Attention to Detail
Customer Service
Information Technology Program Management
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Systems Life Cycle
Teamwork
Writing
Candidates who apply under Competitive Merit Promotion procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are best qualified based. Qualifications will be based on the content of their resume and their responses to the questionnaire. Best qualified candidates will be referred if all required supporting documentation has been provided.

Candidates who apply under Non-competitive and Special Hiring Authorities procedures will undergo a quality review to determine if they are minimally qualified based on the content of their resume, supporting documentation submitted and their responses to the assessment questionnaire.

If you are determined qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview. Preview the Assessment Questionnaire, click https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11141796

Career Transition Assistance Program: This program applies to Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed, or employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet eligibility criteria for CTAP or ICTAP; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position with a score of 85 or above; and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your CTAP or ICTAP eligibility. Well-Qualified includes those applicants whose knowledge, skills, and abilities clearly exceed the minimum qualification requirements for the position. For information on eligibility criteria and required documentation, go to: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/

For Competitive Merit Promotion and Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA) Applicants: The highest rated candidates will be referred to the hiring agency.

For Non-competitive Appointment Eligibles: All qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring agency.

Veterans Employment Opportunities Act (VEOA): To be eligible for a VEOA appointment, the veteran must 1) be a preference eligible; or 2) be a veteran separated after 3 or more years of continuous active service performed under honorable conditions (you must submit a DD214-member copy 4).

Interchange Agreement possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links below.
Veterans
Peace Corps/VISTA volunteers,
persons with disabilities
Interchange Agreement

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing, Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you must submit a complete Application Package which includes:

1. Your resume showing a detailed description of your job-related qualifications that includes beginning and ending dates with the month and year and hours worked per week (if less than 40) for each paid and non-paid work experience job title listed.
2. Other supporting documents (only submit if applicable):

Are you a current or former federal employee? Submit a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action that demonstrates your eligibility for consideration, e.g., length of time you have been in your current/highest grade (examples of appropriate SF-50s include promotions, with-in grade/range increases); your current promotion potential; proof of permanent appointment if applying based on an interchange agreement; etc.
Are you a veteran? Submit Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 or other (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty) or notice form. Those applying for 10-Point preference must fill out the SF-15 and provide an official document dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs or from a branch of the Armed Forces, and/or any other associated documentation based on your preference. If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions.
Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP/CTAP)? If so, submit:
A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for failure to relocate, notice of disability annuity termination, or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement;
A copy of your SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'', documenting your RIF separation, noting your position, grade level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc.;
A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and
Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.
Are you eligible for a special noncompetitive hiring authority (e.g., Schedule A Disability, Peace Corps, Former Overseas Employees, etc.)? Submit documentation of proof that supports your eligibility under a special hiring authority.
Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent political appointment:
Position title;
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee);
Agency; and
Beginning and ending dates of appointment.
You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and/or incentive awards.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
National Guard & Reserves
Current members, those who want to join, or transitioning military members.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Status Candidates (this includes current or former Federal employees with career or career-conditional tenure in the competitive service, Former Overseas Employees, CTAP, ICTAP, VRA, VEOA, 30% or More Disabled Veterans, Schedule A, Military Spouses, Americorps, Peace Corps, Vista, Land Management, and Interchange Agreement Eligibles)"	11146	Washington
Administrator I	MEDSTAR HEALTH	Washington, DC 20007 (Georgetown area)	None	"MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute-care teaching and research hospital with 609 beds located in Northwest Washington, D.C. Founded in the Jesuit principle of cura personalis—caring for the whole person—MedStar Georgetown is committed to offering a variety of innovative diagnostic and treatment options within a trusting and compassionate environment.
MedStar Georgetown’s centers of excellence include neurosciences, transplant, cancer and gastroenterology. Along with Magnet® nurses, internationally recognized physicians, advanced research and cutting-edge technologies, MedStar Georgetown’s healthcare professionals have a reputation for medical excellence and leadership
Job Summary
This position serves as Administrative Operations Manager for the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Responsible for personnel, payroll, computerized systems, telecommunications, and facilities as it relates to the department. This position works with all Department Administrators, Associate Administrators, Nursing Coordinators, Managers, and Supervisors in the areas of human resources, facilities, financial planning and department policies, ensuring that all are trained according to these policies. This position works closely with as well as under the general direction of the Department Administrator, actively participating in strategic planning, construction and growth projects. Acts as back-up for the account analyst for the department. These functions are performed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and Georgetown University Hospital’s philosophy, policies, procedures and standards.
Education, Experience, and License Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Must have five to seven years of administrative experience, preferably in an academic medical center setting.

Job Responsibilities
PERSONNEL
Initiates and completes all paperwork required for personnel transactions for departmental faculty and staff (ca. 100). Reviews and authorizes signature for department personnel paperwork. Interacts on behalf of the department with human resources, payroll, and medical center. Maintains position log and tracks job descriptions, vacancies, and merits. Works with both GUH and University Human Resources departments.
Determine new position needs and type in consultation with department senior Management Team, physicians or Principal Investigator with attention to fiscal feasibility. Identifies positions and initiates, completes and submits all paperwork required for position reclassification, working closely with Human Resources personnel. Reviews all staff evaluations for accuracy and completeness and instructs department managers as to content.
Instructs and guides department managers as to disciplinary and termination process of all staff, prepares and serves as authorized signature for documents and actively participates in the action. Responds to internal and external grievance inquires and participates in other labor relations activities. Recommends and initiates staff incentive action and other staff morale development activities.
Develops and maintains spreadsheet tracking of all department staff competency requirements, license requirements and ensures managers enable staff to complete as needed.
Orients all permanent and temporary employees to the department. Interviews and assists with the selection of candidates for various positions.
Expert for the department regarding personnel policy and procedures. Ensures that department policies are in accordance with Medical Center and external regulatory policies and legislation. In absence of Department Administrator has authority to make operational decisions to keep department goals on target.
Establishes and maintains current policies for department concerning dress code, office hours, staff functions, holidays, and others as needed. Trains department managers on policies and monitors compliance.
Ensures that Pay for Performance standards are being met. Participates in the establishment of and monitors merit budget at the division/unit level.
Develops and enacts reduction in force procedures for department as necessitated.
PAYROLL
Responsible for a faculty and staff payroll in excess of eight million dollars yearly, insuring the correct allocation of salaries as it relates to department and hospital cost centers.
Prepares and approves department faculty and staff PTF's and payroll journal vouchers as needed to ensure correct salary amounts and accurate salary allocations.
Expert for department regarding salary offers for new hires addressing like position equity and conducts salary discussions with new hires.
Handles or directs all tasks related to biweekly and monthly payroll, i.e. calculates and approves weekly department payroll, distributes checks, and prepares memos and paperwork for corrections.
Reviews paperwork submitted by satellite offices for accuracy. Responsible for security of checks.
Ensures that all deadlines have been met and employees are paid on time. Verifies leave accruals.
OFFICE EQUIPMENT, FUNCTIONS, AND COMMUNICATIONS
As department Telecommunications Manager: Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all submitted telephone service requests. Determines which services are needed by individuals. Reviews department phone bills for accuracy and to determine areas where costs could be cut.
Responsible for initiating, approving and following up on all computer/printer service requests i.e. moves, access, and software. Orders and maintains office equipment to include: copiers, fax machine, telephones, pagers, dictation/transcription equipment, lounge appliances, and others as needed. Recommends new capital equipment purchases as needed. Participates in allocating furniture, signage, and other office resources.
Facility Maintenance: Contact and liaison for engineering, housekeeping facilities, and security. Approves all key requests. Obtains space renovation estimates. Coordinates all department office moves and signage requests.
Authorized signature for expense authorizations in the absence of the Account Analyst.
Active member of Practice Oversight Committee reviewing Practice trends and advising/recommending changes to enhance financial stability, JACHO compliance, customer service and staff longevity.
Exemplifies Guest and Staff Relations standards in all activities and holds staff accountable for conformity with those standards in all activities.
Assumes other duties and responsibilities that are appropriate to the position and area. The above responsibilities are a general description of the level and nature of the work assigned to this classification and are not to be considered as all inclusive.
About MedStar Health
MedStar Health is dedicated to providing the highest quality care for people in Maryland and the Washington, D.C., region, while advancing the practice of medicine through education, innovation and research. Our 30,000 associates and 5,400 affiliated physicians work in a variety of settings across our health system, including 10 hospitals and more than 300 community-based locations, the largest visiting nurse association in the region, and highly respected institutes dedicated to research and innovation. As the medical education and clinical partner of Georgetown University for more than 20 years, MedStar is dedicated not only to teaching the next generation of doctors, but also to the continuing education and professional development of our whole team. MedStar Health offers diverse opportunities for career advancement and personal fulfillment."	11146	Washington
IT Program Manager (Director, Project Delivery) - (SME-P) (Open to both U.S. Citizens and Federal Employees)	US Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration	Washington, DC	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Office of the Chief Technology Officer. The Director, Project Delivery directs activities involving IT Project and Financial Management and the coordination and oversight of acquisition programs of MC-I.

Responsibilities
The IT Program Manager (Director, Project Delivery):

Manages the implementation of initiatives, projects, and programs for defining, evolving, evaluating, and improving information management functions across the FMCSA. Implements Department-wide policies and standards related to financial management, IT acquisition and administration of COR duties. Oversees the delivery of required IT services. Develops a variety of related plans, including risk management, training, communication, and organizational transition plans. Measures organizational effectiveness and performance, documents and reports on change status as required. Serves as liaison with other program entities such as IT developers, security, integrators and leadership. Promotes process improvement and efficiency within the project management and acquisition functions and ensures continuous compliance and risk mitigation related to all MC-I projects.
Defines, executes, and enforces the FMCSA/DOT standardized contracting strategy, information management policies, standards, and architectures to ensure compliance with the organizational standards as well as applicable Federal regulations for IT and/or service acquisitions. Oversees management of contract support. Provides oversight for development of specifications, providing technical advice to the Contract Officer (COR) or Contract Officer Technical Representative (COTR). Provides technical assistance to customers with the technical and managerial aspects of the IT requirements determination, documentation, and justification process. Including the production and delivery of Statements of Objectives (SOOs), Statement of Work (SOWs), Performance Work Statements (PWS) and Requests for Information (RFIs) in a manner that facilitates timely delivery of capabilities for MC-I. Acts as a liaison with the Office of Acquisition Management to provide input that enables the Contracting Officer (CO) to conduct negotiations with vendors.
Coordinates acquisition efforts. Works in conjunction with the contracting officer to approve terms and conditions set forth in contract negotiations, contracting plans, budgets, and changes to the scope of work performed by contractors. Reviews contract artifacts to develop and provide guidance that aligns with MC-I’s goals and mitigates project risks. Provides guidance on all aspects of acquisition, including compliance issues, estimation, cost strategies and project risks. Provides input into development of Independent Government Cost Estimates (IGCEs), as required by assessing level of effort, required skillsets and labor categories, labor rates, direct and indirect costs; and oversight and direction to federal IT professionals and contractors. Oversees contractor performance and vendor relationships; provides negotiation support, advises on contract issues, and coordinates with the Agency's Contracting Officer on any new contract solicitations under the CIO.
Directs the overall management, control, coordination, and execution of projects and programs. Determines resource levels, competencies, and support service requirements. Measures organizational effectiveness and performance, documents and reports on change status as required. Serve as liaison with other program entities such as IT developers, security, integrators and leadership. Provides input into IT Budget planning and development to ensure alignment with Office of Administration (OA) and DOT strategic priorities; ensure IT Budget and spend plan conforms to DOT and OMB policies and guidance and IT Budget spend plan is executed as identified and/or includes justifications for any deviations to the plan.
Evaluates products for completeness, timeliness, accomplishment of objectives and conformance to regulatory requirements. Accepts, rejects, or modifies work submitted by team members, as appropriate. Evaluates the performance of team members and provides counseling, advice, and instruction concerning both technical and administrative matters. Recommends promotions, developmental assignments, or adverse actions based on performance.

Travel Required
25% or less - Some travel will be required.
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
15
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
Officers, Chief Technology
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S.Citizen and eligible for consideration.
You must meet specialized experience to qualify.
Required documents must be submitted by the closing date.
Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date.
CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:

SELECTIVE SERVICE: Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the Selective Service.
GOVERNMENT TRAVEL CARD: This position involves travel. A government contractor-issued travel card will be issued and must be retained for official business only.
PCS/RELOCATION/RECRUITMENT: Permanent Change of Station (PCS), Relocation, and Recruitment Incentive authorization varies by position/selection.
SUPERVISORY PROBATIONARY PERIOD: You must complete a one-year supervisory probationary period (unless already completed).
TIME-IN-GRADE: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade to satisfy time-in-grade restrictions contained in 5 CFR 300, Subpart F.
DEU REQUIREMENTS: Applicants selected under delegated examining procedures may be required to successfully complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed).

Qualifications
To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the specialized experience requirements.

To qualify for the Grade 15, you must have at least one year of specialized experience equal or equivalent to the GS-14, it must include:

Experience managing and directing project management and financial management functions to deliver systems and services.
Experience with developing cost estimates, determining direct and indirect costs, and developing pricing strategies that help set up projects achieve goals and objectives.
Experience determining acquisition strategy, monitoring and controlling IT projects, including software development and IT infrastructure support projects.

In addition to meeting the above described specialized experience requirements, your IT experience will be evaluated and be expected to include described experience in the following competencies:
Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

For all types of consideration, experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

For additional information about applying to Federal positions, please click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-policies/#url=e4

All applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.
Education
Additional information
This vacancy may be used by any DOT agency to fill similar positions within 90 days.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE: PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. If your resume/ application does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). Your resume must contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make a qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

To compete with U.S. Citizens: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be placed in one of four categories: Platinum, Gold, Silver or Bronze, which is based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. Within these categories, applicants eligible for veteran's preference that have provided supporting documents will receive selection priority over non-veterans. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position.

To compete with other competitive status government employees: If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be scored based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. If referred, all relevant documents including performance appraisals and awards submitted with your application package will be forwarded to the hiring official for review.

Eligible Federal employees also seeking consideration for noncompetitive reassignment for this position, must indicate interest in the assessment. In eligibility question 14: select Yes/Other/Former Incumbency of a Position brought into the Competitive Service. Noncompetitive federal candidates must have competitive status on a SF-50, meet minimum qualifications, have served at the same grade or higher, and held or exceeded the promotion potential of this position.

All applicants: Your application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. The answers you select in the on-line process must be substantiated in your application package. If upon review, it is determined that your described work history, competencies, and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, your application may be updated on your behalf or you may not be referred to the selecting official. Please ensure that your work history provides enough details to support your answers. The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your final rating.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
High Risk (HR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
RESUME - All applicants must provide a resume created within USA Jobs Resume Builder, that shows relevant experience, education and support the required specialized experience. Formatted resumes can by uploaded later in the application process.

PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS/INCENTIVE AWARDS: If applicable, performance appraisals and/or Incentive award documentation may be submitted and forwarded to the selecting official in consideration of your application. To receive credit, submit a recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable (do not submit a performance plan) and/or incentive award documentation dated within the last 18 months (i.e. performance awards, special act or achievement awards, quality step increases, etc.).

VETERANS: Your last DD214 (member 4 copy), Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, that shows the type of discharge and all dates of active duty is required to verify your eligibility.

If applying to a vacancy opened to all US Citizens under category rating and wish to be considered as a preference eligible, you need to submit a copy of your DD214 (member-4 copy).
If claiming preference eligibility as a disabled veteran, you must submit proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally a valid letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. An SF-15 is desired, but not required.
If applying to a vacancy opened Status and you are requesting consideration under Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) (https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/shav/#veoa), you need to provide a copy of your last DD214 (member-4 copy), which verifies your military service dates, reason for separation, OR certification of separation that shows a discharge date within 120 days of the closing of this announcement, and eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act.

FEDERAL APPLICANTS: You must submit your most current and other SF-50(s) that verify your current position, highest competitive grade, full performance level, and eligibility as a federal applicant. DO NOT submit an award SF-50 as these often do not verify grade or eligibility. For consideration for a promotion, Box 4 of the SF-50 must show a date that is at least 52 weeks prior to the job announcement closing. We recommend submitting your last promotion SF-50, current SF-50 or within-grade increase SF-50. Pay adjustment raise SF-50s for the current year will not support the 52 weeks’ time-in-grade requirements. https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/service/SF-50/

NON COMPETITIVE APPLICANTS: If requesting concurrent consideration for Non-competitive (NC) appointment eligibility, you must provide the appropriate SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITY DOCUMENTS, such as PCS orders (military spouse) describing move & marriage certificate; letter from VA or DD214 describing 100% disability of spouse; letter from State Vocational Office certifying disability (schedule A), etc. For more information, visit military spouse NC appointments or Persons with Disabilities NC appointments.

DISPLACED EMPLOYEES: If requesting consideration under the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency CTAP program (ICTAP), you must meet the well qualified standards for this vacancy (meeting minimum requirements for position and scoring at least an 85 or falling in the Gold Category) and provide all of the following documents:

your most recent performance appraisal,
the proof of eligibility letter from the Agency, and
your most current SF-50, displaying current series and grade.

Displaced employees may be eligible for ICTAP or CTAP priority consideration. For more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition.

Failure to submit any of the required documents by the closing date of the vacancy will result in your removal from consideration for this position. Please review your application prior to final submission and ensure you have submitted all appropriate documents. Uploading documents to USAJobs does NOT ensure inclusion with your application to our system. You must verify that the documents are in the system with your application prior to final submission.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Open to current and former Federal employees with competitive status, VEOA Applicants, AND All U.S. Citizens."	11146	Washington
IT Infrastructure Project Manager	Inova Health System	Falls Church, VA 22042	None	"Job Description
Ensures technologies are implemented in adherence to IT standards and policies. Works with project stakeholders to ensure decisions align with the infrastructure strategies defined by senior leadership. Exhibits exceptional oral and written communication skills necessary to coordinate across broad technical and non-technical areas; other technology services staff, customers, vendors, partners and leadership; Ensure successful and cooperative completion of tasks and projects and to resolve problems in a timely manner. Communicates project and team status to internal and external audiences to keep project team informed. Primary accountability is to manage small to medium complexity IT Infrastructure Projects. Responsible for all aspects of project management keeping projects on time, within budget, and within scope. Provides timely status reports to reflect project status, issues and risks. Provide project management or organizing function to focus efforts on completing projects. Guide project resources, stakeholders and vendors in efforts to identify objectives, anticipate obstacles, list and schedule tasks.

Job Responsibilities
Broad technical understanding surrounding the delivery of existing IT services and how IT Standards and Policies are applied.
Possesses strong project collaboration skills and able to focus IT resources on addressing and executing in accordance to meeting the project's timeline.
Manages all phases of testing as evidenced by preparation of test data/scripts, development and execution of tests, verification of test results and user acceptance sign off, in accordance with IS documentation standards.
Coordinates and directs project staff to assure projects/requests are completed within time tables and objectives met as evidenced by project plan documentation.
Provides project management leadership as evidenced by project planning, problem resolution, change control and quality assurance, in accordance with established policy.
Evaluates impact present and/or proposed systems have/will have on the organization as evidenced by detailed cost/benefit, statistical and impact analysis.
Develops system documentation as evidenced by completed policy, procedures and systems specifications, in accordance with IS documentation standards.
Exhibits exceptional oral and written communication skills necessary to coordinate across broad technical and non-technical areas; other technology services staff, customers, vendors, partners and leadership.
Efficiently and effectively communicates and follows up in a positive and meaningful manner with stakeholders on (1) project status and progress, (2) tasks and project priorities and (3) elevation of issues and risks impacting project's delivery.
Communicates effectively and timely the status on project implementations and problem resolutions as needed to all appropriate stakeholders and leadership.
Daily status review with manager in accordance with established policies.
Maintains vendor and user relationships and communicates status and problems in a timely, professional manner as evidenced by status reports and issues list, in accordance with IS documentation standards.
Establishes and maintains positive client/vendor relations.
Leads project task force meetings or work groups.
Writes minutes, vendor project correspondence and status reports, in accordance with IT documentation standards.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and as part of a team within a fast-paced environment
Ability to take on project management accountability for IT Infrastructure projects inclusive of new facility design and construction, major departmental relocation's, new business unit infrastructure build out, new solution deployment, and IT solution upgrades, replacements, and retirements.
Planning, organizing and coordinating across impacted areas and resources for projects from inception to project completion.
Develops project plans which lead to timely and successful project completions measured by meeting project deadline, measured by IS management as well as customer feedback.
Sets appropriate expectations for project activities, setting time frames, pushing for results and communicating status to project stakeholders in a timely manner.
Ensures appropriate communication of project status at all phases including planning, execution, completion, and post implementation reviews.
Understanding of existing IT Infrastructure processes.
Able to interpret project goals, collect specific impacts and translate into a detailed, properly communicated plan.
Coordinates appropriate IT resources and customer team members to meet the project needs ensuring all technology requirements are successfully understood, identified, coordinated, and implemented.
Motivates project team to achieve common goals in the delivery of the project
Focuses project team on IT Infrastructure project delivery while recognizing importance of limiting impacts to customers Identifies requirements for, and facilitates project planning and coordination meetings or conference calls.
Focuses discussions on deliverables and addressing needs of the project.


Additional Requirements

Education:
Associates Degree- Information Systems
College degree or equivalent experience
Experience:
2 years of IT infastructure project management
Skills:
3-5 years Experience Project Management, and computer skills (Microsoft Office).
Experience with training and development of training programs"	11146	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER SPECIALIST - (W2/1099 POSITION)	DATEC	Washington, DC	None	IT Project Manager SpecialistLocation: McLean, VADuration: 6 monthsDescription: - Project management experience in mortgage industryExperience in: - Running complex projects with small-size budget and scope spanning across several systems- Running projects using software development life cycle (SDLC), Agile methodology, Application Maintenance Change Process (AMCP) and project management life cycle (PMLC)- Strong experience in project management processes:- Budget management and resource management- Communication- Risk management- Scope and change request management- Schedule management- Internal controls and quality management- Excellent communication, influencing and collaboration skills- Good organization, presentation and customer service skills.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $99,999.00 per hourApplication Question(s):EMAIL ID?Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	Global Communities	Silver Spring, MD	None	"Overview:

Global Communities is an international development non-profit organization. Our mission is to create long-lasting, positive and community-led change that improves the lives and livelihoods of vulnerable people across the globe.
Global Communities is seeking an IT Project Manager to join the Information Technology team at the headquarters in downtown Silver Spring, Maryland.
The IT Project Manager partners with the organization’s business areas to ensure technology needs are met in a thorough and timely manner and serves as the liaison between technology and business stakeholders. S/he coordinates and oversees technology projects that deliver business value to Global Communities.
The IT Project Manager leads the analysis, creation and management of business and solution requirements and ensures that requirements are fully understood by the technical team. S/he is responsible for the successful execution of the entire project including requirements, design, implementation, configuration, testing and post implementation support.
The IT Project Manager will increase knowledge of supported technology areas to have a clear understanding of current and future requirements of the business.
Responsibilities:
Serve as the liaison between the business units, technology teams and governance committees.
Establish and maintain effective relationships with all members of the organization and gain their trust and respect.
Develop project scope and objectives for relevant projects in support of business goals.
Create and maintain business cases and project plans, estimate time requirements and deadlines; monitor milestone completion; track all phases of the project product/service lifecycle; provide timely reporting of issues that impact project progress; coordinate actions, and resolve conflicts.
Recommend project priorities and conduct analysis of risks and costs versus benefits of various solutions.
Conduct meetings with project teams regularly to review project deliverables and deadlines.
Determine business and solution requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, and task and workflow analysis as appropriate.
Evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, translate high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.
Create visual models, flow charts, screen mockups, data models, and other specification components that facilitate simplification and abstraction.
Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements.
Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs.
Work with business systems management teams to conduct research to determine if solutions to business requirements exist within or outside the business, and if not, whether new solutions are feasible.
Design and implement business processes using best practices to satisfy business requirements.
Provide enterprise application support to business customers as needed.
Assist with ICT proposal development for new and/or existing programs as needed.
Assist in the development of policies, system monitors and controls to ensure the successful management and reporting of all corporate initiatives for a future Project Management Office.
Establish and guide the program and project staff to oversee the impacts and interdependencies between programs and working to ensure initiatives meet the goals and objectives of the executive leadership team.
Provide verbal and written communications regarding project status, risks and issues.
POSITION SPECIAL RESPONSIBILITIES:
Travel may be required to support technology project implementations in global offices.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Strong proficiency in enterprise analysis, requirements planning and management, requirements elicitation, requirements analysis and documentation, requirements communication and solution assessment and validation.
Familiarity with configuration and release management technologies.
High Level of proficiency in MS Project, MS Office, Visio and SharePoint.
Strong initiative and follow through.
Strong skills in initiative, follow through, organization, project management and analytical skills.
Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills.
Proven ability to work in an environment managing multiple, concurrent projects with shifting priorities, demands, and timelines.
Collaborative, collegial, and flexible.
Qualifications:
Undergraduate degree in a related discipline and a minimum of four years of related work experience or eight years of related work experience.
Proven experience implementing systems using software development lifecycle, formal requirements and project management methodologies and tools.
Experience with requirements management methods and technologies.
Experience in agile methodologies and implementation.
Experience creating business cases including assessing the business problem and potential solutions as well as estimates for project cost vs. benefit.
Experience with ERP, financial management system, data warehouse, business intelligence or SharePoint implementations a plus.
PMP certification preferred.
A passion for the mission and values of Global Communities.
Must have U.S. work authorization.
Global Communities is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran."	11146	Washington
Program Officer	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12158

Organization: World Bank

Sector: General Services

Grade: GF

Term Duration: 2 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 6/25/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. Visit www.worldbank.org.
Global Corporate Solutions
Reporting to the Managing Director and World Bank Group Chief Administrative Officer, Global Corporate Solutions (GCS) brings together the functions of Corporate Services, Corporate Real Estate, and Corporate Security.
The Corporate Services unit (GCSCS) within GCS provides services to the World Bank Group in the areas of Art Program, Conference Services, Creative and Multi-media Services, including Graphic Design, Editorial Production & Publications, Printing Services, and Virtual Reality; Food Services; Mail & Shipping Services; Staff Services, including Child Care, Commuter Services, and Fitness Center; Translation and Interpretation Services; and Travel and Visa services. The unit also provides administrative support/oversight to the World Bank Group Family Network and the 1818 Society, and is responsible for setting the policy framework and service standards, and for delivering services through a combination of staff and vendors at HQ and in Country Offices. GCSCS has over 100 staff and about 1,000 contractors.
Duties and Accountabilities:
The Corporate Services Program Officer will support the Corporate Services Senior Manager and Management Team, will work across GCSCS to ensure that knowledge is flowing between all units, and will serve as a key liaison between Corporate Services and the GCS Director’s front office.
Duties and accountabilities include:
Provide strategy, policy, and analytical support to GCSCS work programs and initiatives.
Work with the Senior Program Managers across GCSCS to prepare reports, briefs and presentations for delivery to multiple audiences, including senior management.
Manage communication flow, briefing notes, and other documentation; ensure proper and timely follow-up on action items; and liaise closely with GCS Director’s Front Office.
Collect information from across GCSCS units to feed into various reports and monitoring systems.
Develop client engagement plans and recommend new ways of engaging.
Identify marketing best practices to internal clients leveraging the intranet and internal social collaboration space
Help identify and build long-term relationships with target audiences.
Support GCSCS outreach and communications activities, including creating promotional materials, coordinating communication activities across GCSCS teams, and developing and implementing communications/change management campaigns in partnership with GCS Director’s Front Office.
Participate in working groups, on behalf of GCSCS management, and follow up with business units as required.
Other tasks as assigned by the GCSCS Senior Manager / management team.

Selection Criteria

This role requires you to be able to demonstrate success in supporting and encouraging a positive culture of delivery and innovation. Specific requirements include:
Master’s degree with 5 years of relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Team player with strong interpersonal skills, and commitment to work in a team-oriented, multi-cultural environment, with minimal supervision.
Experience in developing holistic strategies for multidisciplinary teams.
Experience working cross-functionally in a global organization.
Exceptional writing and verbal communication skills.
Strong PowerPoint skills. Ability to edit and prepare content on the web would be preferable.
Ability to edit output of other team members and finalize products for publication and to clearly articulate messages to a variety of audiences.
Proven capacity to multi-task, deliver results, and respond quickly and effectively to requests.
Capacity to gather, analyze and coordinate data and to present it to management, staff, and others effectively.
Ability to support facilitation, implementation, and monitoring of standardized processes, practices, policies, procedures.
Certification and/or relevant experience in change management considered an asset.
Required Competencies:
Deliver Results for Clients: Adds value by constantly looking for a better way to get more impactful results; sets challenging stretch goals for oneself. Immerses oneself in client experiences and perspective by asking probing questions to understand unmet needs. Demonstrates accountability for achieving results that have an impact. Identifies and proposes solutions to mitigate and manage risks.
Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries: Ability to build effective working relationships with colleagues in multidisciplinary teams, brings differing ideas into the forefront, and initiates collaboration across boundaries.
Lead and Innovate: Contributes to new insights to understand situations and develops solutions to resolve complex problems. Adapts as circumstances require and manages impact on own behaviors on others in context of WBG’s values and missions. Identifies and pursues innovative approaches to resolve issues.
Create, Apply and Share Knowledge: Leverage departments and WBG body of knowledge by applying lessons learned and expertise. Actively invests in knowledge and seeks feedback. Builds personal and professional networks within and beyond the work group.
Make Smart Decisions: Seeks diversity of information and inputs, researches possible solutions, and generates recommended options. Identifies and understands risks and proposes recommendations. Based on risk analysis, makes decisions in a timely manner within own area of responsibility, considering the interests and concerns of stakeholders.
Client Orientation: Takes personal responsibility and accountability for timely response to client queries, requests or needs, working to remove obstacles that may impede execution or overall success.
Flexibility: Able to adapt strategy, and objectives; making corresponding structural or organizational changes as needed, to move the work forward and meet the needs of the situation.
Business Judgment and Analytical Decision Making: Analyzes facts and data to support sound, logical decisions regarding own and others' work.
Sensitivity: Ability to work effectively and sensitively in a multi-cultural and multi-ethnic workplace.
Pressure: Ability to handle demands related to the delivery of multiple tasks within demanding and occasionally conflicting time constraints.
Professional Maturity: Understands others and the reasons for their behavior. Takes the time to clarify others' points of view so that progress can be made, particularly in situations of stress or conflict. Is never condescending or arrogant.

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11146	Washington
IT Controls - Consultant	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:

The IT Analyst will function at the level of a Guidehouse Consultant. IT's Analyst support project teams both at client sites and internally. Responsibilities will include client management, documenting and testing systems leveraging FISCAM, knowledge of NIST, reviewing SSAE18 SOC1 Reports, and applying an analytical mindset and solution over multiple work products. You will gather and analyze data, identify gaps and trends, and make recommendations related to baseline performance and structure, as well as established best practices and benchmarks.
Qualifications:

Responsibilities include:
Advising federal clients in improving internal controls over financial reporting and meeting the requirements of related federal guidance and requirements, including: OMB Circular A-123, Appendix A and C, the GAO Green Book, the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act of 1982 (FMFIA), and Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act (IPERIA).
Participate in client-facing discussions and meetings
Produce high-impact work products, reports, and other deliverables
Create and edit technical and non-technical written work products and graphical presentations
Supporting management control programs
Developing corrective action plans, and executing remediation with a focus on internal controls over financial reporting and management financial statement assertions
Knowledge of FISCAM and NIST.
US Citizenship required

Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
Cisa Certification is a plus
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program"	11146	Washington
IT Asset Manager	General Dynamics Information Technology	Rosslyn, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
Develop and maintain logistics data, accurate material, software and equipment inventory, prepare and monitor material purchases, process material for disposal, provide supply support, and participate in process improvement activities as that pertain to logistics processes. Through analysis of parts and material demand trend data identify and perform packaging, handling, shipping, receiving and transportation of materials and supplies to ensure the timely and efficient delivery and continuity of support for the 7 x 24 operations.
Maintains inventory of Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) hardware/software.
Exercises control over receipt of hardware/software.Enters information into approved inventory systems and provide reports on hardware/software items and locations as directed.
Maintains accountability of non-expendable equipment items.Conducts cost/benefit analysis for acquisition of GFE and conducts evaluation of vendor products and prices to meeting requirements.
Manages the process of receiving, issuing, testing, packing, shipping and tracking of classified and unclassified equipment and supplies locally.
Performs asset control, coordination and control of internal and external moves of GFE, verification of invoices and accountability inspections as required.Maintains required stock levels of materials and supplies to support the operation and engineering efforts.Develop and maintain a CMDB for hardware and software assets.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelors of Art or Bachelors of Science degree or 8 years of related field experience.Currently possess a DOD Secret security clearance
Desired Skills:Experience with ServiceNow or RemedyHighly organized
Proven ability to coordinate with a wide variety of stakeholders
Working knowledge of basic Microsoft office applications
Effective written and verbal communication skills
Persistent and polite follow-up with leadership and staff to maintain delivery schedules
Problem solving and attention to detail
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	11146	Washington
Health IT Project Manager	M Powered Strategies	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"Based in Washington, DC, MPS is an SBA-certified HUBZone Small Business, dedicated to empowering our clients through innovative change management services, with a focus on organizational effectiveness. Founded by a former Peace Corps volunteer, our consultants have served executives in the federal sector for over a decade, working on several high-profile initiatives. We pride ourselves on being experienced consultants, trusted advisers, and reliable partners. As a designated Employer of National Service, our core value is a commitment to public service.
Health IT Project Manager
Join MPS as an IT Project Manager and support the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) as a Project Manager to provide support to address changes to task/project details, schedule or resources, as well as new tasks and projects. Provide project management support, meeting facilitation, SharePoint site administration, and data administration on multiple platforms. Support of one of the following councils: Acute Care Delivery, Rehabilitation and Acute Clinical Ancillaries, or Geriatrics and Extended Care. Collaborate with VA council leadership, members, and Cerner resources to identify, capture, analyze, assess, and develop treatment and control plans.Manage stakeholders and log all identified risks to the risk registry. Lead scheduling, planning, logistics, facilitation, and documentation for the Council and provide guidance and feedback on how change management can best support their specific group. Develop status reports and other briefings for a variety of audiences. Document after action items and follow up tasks with due dates based on meeting discussion.
General Requirements

Minimum of 10 years of experience is required. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific /technical discipline is required
Experience managing Health Information Technology related projects
Experience with life cycle and project management methodologies
Experience in tracking costs, schedule and performance progress
Strong ability to identify and mitigate risks
Strong facilitation skills across across complex stakeholder environment
Experience in applying and modifying the principles, methods, and techniques associated with one of the following: Acute Care Delivery, Rehabilitation, or Geriatrics
Experience with meeting facilitation
Knowledge of Electronic Health Records Clinical Workflows, SharePoint, PowerPoint, and Excel at an advanced level
This position requires the candidate to work on-site in Washington, DC.


Additional Qualifications

Experience in the VA
Experience implementing Electronic Health Records


MPS does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status in any of its business activities including recruiting and selection. We are committed to providing a diverse, inclusive and welcoming environment for employees, volunteers, subcontractors, vendors, and clients."	11146	Washington
Student Trainee (Physical Science)	US Department of Energy	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	$49,157 - $63,906 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is part of the Office of Science, Department Of Energy. As a Student Trainee (Physical Science), you will research background information; draft summary papers, presentations, and blog posts; organize meetings and workshops; and complete a science and technology policy project of mutual interest.

The incumbent is expected to onboard this fall and works part-time hours during the fall, winter, and spring and full-time hours during the summer.

Responsibilities
As a Student Trainee (Physical Science), in the Office of Crosscutting and Special initiatives, you will support communication about a wide variety of science, technology, and policy areas. You will:
Analyze portions of current or projected program operations to evaluate effectiveness in meeting established goals and objectives.
Develop and coordinate a variety of reports, staff actions, correspondence, and other related actions.
Collect data from a variety of reference sources and prepare reports to present patterns and trends in program activities.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
1399 Physical Science Student Trainee
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a student, accepted for enrollment or enrolled, and seeking a degree or certificate in a qualifying educational institution on at least a half-time basis.
Must be in good academic standing.
Must be at least 16 years of age or older.
Must be a U.S. Citizen or National.
This employer participates in the e-Verify program.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for Selective Service.
Suitable for Federal employment, as determined by a background investigation.
Interns will be on a trial period for the duration of the appointment.
Qualifications
Education: You must be currently enrolled or accepted for enrollment seeking a degree from a qualifying educational institution on a full or half-time basis as defined by the institution. You must meet the below education requirement for the GS-7 grade level:
A. Completion of 1 full academic year of graduate level education.
or
B. Eligibility under the Superior Academic Achievement Provision and completion of a bachelor's degree.

You are required to submit a copy of transcripts and proof of enrollment.
Education
This position has an education requirement. You MUST provide transcripts or Official Letter of Enrollment to support your educational claims. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.
Additional information
The U.S. Department of Energy fosters a diverse and inclusive workplace and is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional similar vacancies across DOE.
For general information on government-wide Telework polices visit: www.telework.gov


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Once the application process is complete, your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications. If you are eligible and minimally qualified for this job you will be referred to the hiring manager in unranked order, based on veterans preference status, as follows: (1) 10 percent or more compensably-disabled veterans; (2) all other 10-point preference eligibles; (3) 5-point preference eligibles; then (4) all other candidates. Preference candidates receive first consideration.


The following competencies are desirable at the full performance level of this position:
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Technology Application

You must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date (06/30/2021) of this announcement.

To preview the Assessment Questionnaire, click https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11131496

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you MUST provide a complete application package which includes:
Your RESUME showing all relevant work experience (paid and unpaid) including: duties performed; full name and address of the each employer; start and end dates (month/day/year); work schedule (part-time, full-time, number of hours if intermittent); salary; and any completed education and training (program title, subject area, number of hours completed, and completion date).
Cover Letter, optional, expressing additional information not covered in your resume.
Transcripts, this position haseducational requirements, you must submit a copy of your current transcripts and/or letter of acceptance as proof of your enrollment. Unofficial transcripts or any report listing institution, course title, credits earned (semester or quarter hour) and final grade is acceptable. It is your responsibility to provide adequate proof that you meet the educational requirements.
Veterans' Preference documentation,if applicable, DD-214 Member Copy 4 showing type of discharge/character of service; current active duty members- certification of expected discharge or release from active duty under honorable conditions dated within 120 days; SF-15 Form and related documentation; VA letter. For more information visit the USAJOBS Help Center & OPM CHCOC website for VOW information.
Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) & Reemployment, if you are a DOE Excepted Service displaced federal employee, from a Pathways appointment, or believe you have reemployment rights at DOE based on a compensable injury, you must reach out to the agency contact listed in this announcement prior to the close date for guidance on how to receive consideration.

Failure to submit any of the above mentioned required documents may result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Students
Current students enrolled in accredited educational institutions from high school to graduate level. Includes internships, pathways and other student programs.
Clarification from the agency
Current students enrolled or accepted for enrollment seeking a degree from a qualifying educational institution on a full or half-time basis as defined by the institution."	11146	Washington
IT System Administrator	Page Southerland Page, Inc.	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

At Page, we promise design that makes lives better. We’re actively seeking talented people to join an empowered employee environment. With offices in Austin, Dallas, Denver, Dubai, Houston, Mexico City, San Francisco and Washington DC, Page provides architecture, engineering, interiors and consulting services on large, complex projects around the world. We credit the success of our projects that build communities to the global diversity of our people’s backgrounds and experiences. By following our core values in the delivery of our services, we’ve become – and remain – a vital and respected firm. We’re seeking highly creative, committed team members to help us deliver on our promise of making lives better through design. As our market sectors and services grow, we continuously add new opportunities. Will you join us?
Responsibilities:
Knowledge of PC hardware components, desktop operating system software and application software
Basic knowledge of networking, servers and cyber hygiene
Able to maintain complete confidentiality with data
Provide desktop technical support to staff in the Washingon D.C. office as well as other Page offices including supporting remote staff
Day to day break fix; (troubleshooting, components, installation, adds / moves / changes, user administration, access control);
Computer imaging and deployment
Occasional evening or weekend hours as needed
Knowledge of Autodesk and Bluebeam products a plus
Knowledge of System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), building packages and deploying systems a plus
Qualifications:
One year college level course work and MCP (Microsoft Certified Professional), CompTIA A+, or equivalent
Minimum of five years providing end-user support for current PC desktop and application software OR three years installing, upgrading, troubleshooting and repairing personal computers in an enterprise environment;
Expert at providing a high level of customer service in a friendly manner
Ability to multitask
May sit for prolonged periods of time in front of a computer
Able to perform physical activities, such as, but not limited to, lifting heavy equipment (up to 50 lbs. unassisted), bending, standing, climbing or walking
Reliable transportation needed to travel to and from locations daily
Ability to clearly communicate both in person and in writing at various levels of the organization
Ability to be a team player
Fast study and ability to deal with high stress situations
Additional duties, as assigned
Must be able to pass a U.S. government security clearance"	11146	Washington
IT Controls - Consultant	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:

The IT Analyst will function at the level of a Guidehouse Consultant. IT's Analyst support project teams both at client sites and internally. Responsibilities will include client management, documenting and testing systems leveraging FISCAM, knowledge of NIST, reviewing SSAE18 SOC1 Reports, and applying an analytical mindset and solution over multiple work products. You will gather and analyze data, identify gaps and trends, and make recommendations related to baseline performance and structure, as well as established best practices and benchmarks.
Qualifications:

Responsibilities include:
Advising federal clients in improving internal controls over financial reporting and meeting the requirements of related federal guidance and requirements, including: OMB Circular A-123, Appendix A and C, the GAO Green Book, the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act of 1982 (FMFIA), and Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act (IPERIA).
Participate in client-facing discussions and meetings
Produce high-impact work products, reports, and other deliverables
Create and edit technical and non-technical written work products and graphical presentations
Supporting management control programs
Developing corrective action plans, and executing remediation with a focus on internal controls over financial reporting and management financial statement assertions
Knowledge of FISCAM and NIST.
US Citizenship required

Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
Cisa Certification is a plus
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program"	11146	Washington
IT Specialist (Applications Services Delivery Manager)	US AmeriCorps	Washington, DC	$87,198 - $100,000 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Office of Information Technology, Department of the Chief Operating Officer, in Washington, DC.
Responsibilities
Defines and manages IT and/or enterprise application related programs and/or projects, or other area of responsibility, to include strategic direction for program initiatives and activities, personnel, infrastructure, policy enforcement, emergency planning, IT and/or cybersecurity awareness, and/or other resources.
Provides oversight to ensure application services delivery and program/project work is adhered to the larger strategic view developed by senior management.
Responsibilities includes management of legacy application modernization efforts and supporting new application development initiatives, support all phases of development and CI/CD pipeline, stakeholder expectations, ensuring projects stays on track for successful delivery.
Manages one or more large IT program(s) to provide products and/or services. Coordinates, communicates, and integrates IT projects and program activities.
Ensures that the work effort achieves the outcome as specified within the IT business strategies. Work encompasses the decision-making and negotiation responsibilities involved in executing the program efforts.
Conducts systems security evaluations, audits, and reviews; participate in application and systems design to ensure implementation of appropriate systems security policies.
Researches current technology to understand capabilities of required system or network; research and evaluate all available technologies and standards to meet customer requirements.
Designs and develops new tools/technologies.
Identifies customers' information systems requirements; analyzes information systems requirements or environment.
Plans, installs, configures, tests, implements, and manages the systems environment.
Analyzes design constraints, trade-offs, and detailed system and security designs to identify necessary lifecycle support; and design and develop secure interface specifications between interconnected systems.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Chief Technology Officers
Officers, Chief Technology
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a United States Citizen
You must be a current AmeriCorps employee on a General, Permanent appointment or a AmeriCorps employee eligible under a Noncompetitive hiring authority
Must be telework ready
A background investigation may be required
A supervisory probationary period is required for new Federal supervisors
Qualifications
Applicants must have one year of specialized experience comparable in scope and responsibility to at least the upper range of the NY-02 pay band, which would be at or equivalent to, the GS-11 level in the Federal Service. Specialized experience is that which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. Specialized experience includes: leading all aspects of service delivery for application services and performing work that involves ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of enterprise applications, systems and data (i.e. planning, analysis, development, implementation, maintenance, modernization and enhancement of information systems security programs, policies, procedures, and tools).


Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
Special Employment Consideration: Persons with disabilities, disabled veterans who have a compensable service-connected disability of 30% or more, certain other veterans, spouses of certain members of the Armed Forces, VISTA volunteers, some Peace Corps employees and returning Peace Corps volunteers are examples of individuals who are potentially eligible for noncompetitive appointment. If you are eligible and would like to be considered for one of these noncompetitive appointments, applicable documentation that supports your eligibility must be submitted with your application package.

Ethics Requirement: Our Agency is committed to the highest ethical standards and, as an employee you will be covered by the criminal conflict of interest statutes (18 U.S.C. 201-209) and the Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch (5 C.F.R. part 2635). Additionally, you may be required to complete a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report (OGE Form 450) or Public Financial Disclosure Report (OGE Form 278e) within 30 days of your appointment date and on an annual basis thereafter.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application will be evaluated first for the basic qualifications described above. The applications that meet the basic qualifications will be evaluated further against the following criteria:

Oral Communication and Written Communication
Problem Solving
Service Delivery
Technical Competence
Important Note: Your resume must support your answers to the job specific questions. High self-assessment on the Occupational Questionnaire that is not supported by the information in your resume or supporting documents can/will result in elimination from further consideration. If you do not answer all of the job specific questions you will not be considered. Incomplete applications (resume and required supporting documents) will be considered ineligible.

Qualified applicants will be placed in one of the following three categories:

1 - Qualified Category - Meets the minimum qualification requirements as described in the Qualifications section of this announcement.
2 - Well Qualified Category - Meets the minimum qualification requirements and demonstrates proficiency based on the answers to the job specific questions.
3 - Best Qualified Category - Meets the minimum qualification requirements and demonstrates high level proficiency based on the answers to the job specific questions.

NOTE: Status candidates will be considered under the provisions of the Corporation's Human Resources system which allows for:
1) Non-competitive referral of lateral candidates; and
2) The separation of status and non-status applicants for referral purposes.

Status candidates will be referred on one selection list only, i.e., either merit promotion or non-competitive. Nonstatus candidates who are eligible for Noncompetitive referral, e.g. Peace Corps, VRA, etc., will be referred under Noncompetitive procedures only. For Noncompetitive categories, See ""Special Employment Consideration"" below under ""Other Information.""

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume showing relevant experience (cover letter optional);
Unofficial transcript (if qualifying based on education);
Documentation supporting eligibility for Non-Competitive appointment, e.g., Schedule A (severely disabled), eligible veterans (VRA or 30-percent or more disabled), VISTA, Peace Corps, etc., if applicable

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Federal employees - Excepted service
Current excepted service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Military spouses
National Guard & Reserves
Current members, those who want to join, or transitioning military members.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
US Citizens and Status Candidates"	11146	Washington
IT Support Specialist	Cellphire, Inc.	Rockville, MD 20850	$55,000 - $68,000 a year	Cellphire THERAPEUTICS, INC.Rockville, MDCOMPANY DESCRIPTIONCELLPHIRE THERAPEUTICS is a clinical stage, cell-centric, biopharmaceutical company developing new therapies to treat thrombocytopenia and other forms of bleeding using lyo-preserved platelets. Our approach to cancer and other diseases is to use our proprietary loading platform to deliver therapeutic drugs intra-cellularly.JOB DESCRIPTIONABOUT USCELLPHIRE is a fast growing, clinical stage, biopharmaceutical company developing new cellular based therapies and backed by several large government grants and contractsWe attract smart people who play well with others. We're small enough for your ideas to make a big impact, and large enough to offer you opportunities to grow professionally at any stage of your career.If you’re a quick learner, enjoy working in the biotech industry, and share our mission of providing ground-breaking impact to medicine, each other, and our patients, CELLPHIRE is the place for you!PURPOSE: To coordinate and execute activities which provide support to all employees who use technology to perform their jobs. To support IT initiatives which enhance performance, enforce IT security, and maintain system availability to the entire organization.NATURE AND SCOPE OF DUTIES: This position reports to: IT ManagerThe position will assist in all desktop, and network support activities to include identifying, researching, referring, and resolving issues as they are presented. These issues will include, but are not be limited to, network connectivity, IT security response, basic phone system support, desktop support, system installation and configuration, application support, etc. The incumbent will be responsible for responding to user requests for approved hardware, software, and service changes. Should the incumbent determine that corrections are not apparent or remedial actions are not documented, this person has the authority to communicate with, or attain assistance through internal escalations, support vendors, or other applicable personnel, to ensure timely resolution.The incumbent will have the responsibility to make recommendations to direct reports, to shutdown systems or revoke system privileges if security breaches are suspected.The incumbent will also be responsible for the complete documentation of each issue so as to provide future reference and change control management. Furthermore, along these lines, this position will be accountable for collecting and maintaining data about the organization’s technology assets.This individual will be responsible for identifying, prioritizing, and resolving reported problems, solving routine software, hardware, and procedure problems using appropriate resources including but not limited to computer, Internet, and manuals. The incumbent will communicate.with management staff to determine requirements for new or modified software and hardware, and will install new hardware and software as required, including system updates and patches.To successfully accomplish the aforementioned tasks, the incumbent must routinely keep abreast of software and hardware trends and the available products within the industry.The most difficult aspect of this position is having the ability to recognize and analyze problem situations concerning the issues that have been directed to the help desk to resolve them expeditiously and comprehensively.PRIMARY ACCOUNTABILITIES:Serves as IT project team member and provide necessary support and reporting as required by the .Responds to all requests for assistance as directed.Resolves user issues; support and monitor all open tickets and work orders ensuring that subjects and resolutions are aligned with internal policies and procedures.Maintains call logs and operating procedure documentation.Documents equipment and software installations, including servers, workstations, mobile computing, network appliances and applications.Maintain reasonable response times for user problems and resolutions.Monitors and response to any system or automated alerts, requiring immediate attention.SYSTEM ACCESS:The incumbent will have Administrator level access to approved systems, for the sole purpose of enabling policy drive restrictions and insuring system availability through optimized configuration. This will include view, add, update, and delete capabilities to user security to administer user id’s, passwords, additions and terminations.Privileged use access to core infrastructure systems along with administrative access to portal or cloud-based systems, as required.QUALIFICATIONS:Degree or Certification and 2+ years’ experience in help desk and/or PC support roles, or equivalent work experienceAbility to work independently and proactively.Working knowledge of LAN and WAN environmentsExposure to wireless routing and access pointsExposure to mobile device support, including mobile phones and laptops.Good communication skills, both written and verbalWindows 10, Windows Server, Storage AdministrationVirtualization technologies including Microsoft Hyper-V Server and WorkstationExposure to Office 365 and Azure tenant administration is a PLUS.Microsoft Cloud Administration including Azure Active Directory, VM deployment, Server Migration, etc.Job Type: Full-timePay: $55,000.00 - $68,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11146	Washington
Assistant Property Manager at 1666 K Street	JBG Properties, Inc.	Washington, DC (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

The Assistant Property Manager is responsible for assisting the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager in the overall administrative, financial and operational management of assigned assets. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, invoice management/processing, contract administration, physical inspections and tenant relations in addition to assisting the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager with budgeting and reforecasting, lease administration and accounts receivable. The Assistant Property Manager is responsible for complying with the operational policies and procedures established by JBG Smith.
Responsibilities:

The Assistant Property Manager’s specific responsibilities and duties under the direction of the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager include, but are not limited to the following:
Establish and maintain excellent tenant relations. Regularly meet with tenant contacts to ensure expectations are met and issues are addressed in a timely manner.
Conduct and document property inspections using the electronic ticket system.
Oversee the processing of purchasing paperwork, including input of invoices into Payscan and P2P, researching, coding, tracking, contracts and special check requests. Responsible for reviewing and approving invoices up to the limit of authority, under the direction of the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager.
Assist in managing the electronic work ticket system to include entering and closing tickets and preparing reports and graphs as requested.
Assist Property Manager and Portfolio Manager in the preparation of the annual budget, conducting monthly operations statement reviews, preparing the monthly operating report and quarterly reforecast report, review of annual reconciliations and estimates as requested.
Assist the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager in overseeing service contractor performance, including preparation of requests for proposal and contract specifications, analysis of pricing, transition issues and adherence to specifications.
Coordinate with engineering staff to ensure successful delivery of building operations.
Review and have strong knowledge of the individual leases and lease provisions in place at each of the assigned properties to ensure that the services offered are appropriate to the tenant requests, etc.
Manage and oversee the receivables collections process
Coordinate tenant move ins or move outs, including: meeting with moving contractors to review rules and regulations, securing proper insurance certificates, advising tenant of restrictions and ensuring in all ways possible that the moving procedure is feasible. Complete lease administration duties as it relates to the internal process of documenting the tenant move activity.
Assist the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager in the review and approval of annual reconciliations, and assist in the completion of all miscellaneous tenant billing. Responsible for learning and understanding tenant leases and lease clauses.
Maintain accurate lease files, property files and vendor files on site.
Review new lease documents and confirm lease abstract accuracy.
Responsible for efficient and regular communication to the Property Manager and Portfolio Manager regarding property and tenant activities.
Assist Property Manager and Portfolio Manager and others with special projects as necessary. Should be willing and able to offer assistance to Management Services, the Engineering Team, Leasing and Development where applicable. Complete special projects as assigned.
Perform back-up duties to the Property Manager when that individual is not in the office. This includes becoming familiar with company emergency policies and procedures and using good judgment in emergency situations.
Preparing incident and theft reports as directed by the Property Manager and/or Portfolio Manager.
Excellent attendance and punctuality are essential functions of this position.
Qualifications:

Education/Experience:
BA/BS degree preferred plus a minimum of two years progressive experience in commercial real estate management desired.
RPA or CPM designation or candidacy preferred.
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations:
Certified Property Manager or Real Property Administrator designation or candidacy preferred.
Technical Experience:
Strong computer skills in MS Office including Microsoft Word and Outlook with advanced capabilities in Microsoft Excel required.
Intermediate capabilities with other Windows programs and the operation of a PC in general. Ability to learn and effectively use internal software packages such as Yardi, Kardin, and Honest Buildings.
Other Skills/Requirements:
Strong interpersonal skills, with demonstrated effective oral and written communication skills required.
Ability to regularly and customarily exercise discretion and independent judgment.
Strong knowledge of building mechanical systems and construction management preferred.
Ability to prepare accurate and detailed monthly financial reports.
Strong analytical and effective problem solving skills coupled with the ability to work independently and effectively manage concurrent tasks.
Strong organizational skills
Must be a smart, independent worker who exercises good judgment, uses discretion and keeps the process moving forward, all with minimal supervision.
Should be confident, self-directed and motivated, organized, and demonstrate quick turnaround, follow through and follow up.
Must be reliable, dependable with excellent attendance, flexible and versatile.
Other Important Attributes:
Composed demeanor, professional appearance, positive attitude and customer-oriented approach are priorities for this position.
Must possess positive interpersonal skills and be able to communicate well and in a positive manner to customers, employees, visitors, and vendors at all times.
Must be an independent worker who exercises good judgment and uses discretion, all with minimal supervision.
Should be self-directed and motivated, organized, and demonstrate quick turnaround, follow through and follow up.
Must be reliable and dependable with excellent attendance; attendance and punctuality are essential functions of this position.
The ability to work well under pressure.
Physical Requirements:
The physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions to the extent the Company may do so without undue hardship.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit, use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee is regularly required to reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, and lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions to the extent the Company may do so without undue hardship. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
JBG SMITH is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected class, in accordance with applicable law."	11146	Washington
IT Asset Manager	General Dynamics Information Technology	Rosslyn, VA	None	"Travel Required: None
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular
Develop and maintain logistics data, accurate material, software and equipment inventory, prepare and monitor material purchases, process material for disposal, provide supply support, and participate in process improvement activities as that pertain to logistics processes. Through analysis of parts and material demand trend data identify and perform packaging, handling, shipping, receiving and transportation of materials and supplies to ensure the timely and efficient delivery and continuity of support for the 7 x 24 operations.
Maintains inventory of Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) hardware/software.
Exercises control over receipt of hardware/software.Enters information into approved inventory systems and provide reports on hardware/software items and locations as directed.
Maintains accountability of non-expendable equipment items.Conducts cost/benefit analysis for acquisition of GFE and conducts evaluation of vendor products and prices to meeting requirements.
Manages the process of receiving, issuing, testing, packing, shipping and tracking of classified and unclassified equipment and supplies locally.
Performs asset control, coordination and control of internal and external moves of GFE, verification of invoices and accountability inspections as required.Maintains required stock levels of materials and supplies to support the operation and engineering efforts.Develop and maintain a CMDB for hardware and software assets.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelors of Art or Bachelors of Science degree or 8 years of related field experience.Currently possess a DOD Secret security clearance
Desired Skills:Experience with ServiceNow or RemedyHighly organized
Proven ability to coordinate with a wide variety of stakeholders
Working knowledge of basic Microsoft office applications
Effective written and verbal communication skills
Persistent and polite follow-up with leadership and staff to maintain delivery schedules
Problem solving and attention to detail
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	11146	Washington
Health IT Project Manager	M Powered Strategies	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"Based in Washington, DC, MPS is an SBA-certified HUBZone Small Business, dedicated to empowering our clients through innovative change management services, with a focus on organizational effectiveness. Founded by a former Peace Corps volunteer, our consultants have served executives in the federal sector for over a decade, working on several high-profile initiatives. We pride ourselves on being experienced consultants, trusted advisers, and reliable partners. As a designated Employer of National Service, our core value is a commitment to public service.
Health IT Project Manager
Join MPS as an IT Project Manager and support the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) as a Project Manager to provide support to address changes to task/project details, schedule or resources, as well as new tasks and projects. Provide project management support, meeting facilitation, SharePoint site administration, and data administration on multiple platforms. Support of one of the following councils: Acute Care Delivery, Rehabilitation and Acute Clinical Ancillaries, or Geriatrics and Extended Care. Collaborate with VA council leadership, members, and Cerner resources to identify, capture, analyze, assess, and develop treatment and control plans.Manage stakeholders and log all identified risks to the risk registry. Lead scheduling, planning, logistics, facilitation, and documentation for the Council and provide guidance and feedback on how change management can best support their specific group. Develop status reports and other briefings for a variety of audiences. Document after action items and follow up tasks with due dates based on meeting discussion.
General Requirements

Minimum of 10 years of experience is required. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Systems, Business or related scientific /technical discipline is required
Experience managing Health Information Technology related projects
Experience with life cycle and project management methodologies
Experience in tracking costs, schedule and performance progress
Strong ability to identify and mitigate risks
Strong facilitation skills across across complex stakeholder environment
Experience in applying and modifying the principles, methods, and techniques associated with one of the following: Acute Care Delivery, Rehabilitation, or Geriatrics
Experience with meeting facilitation
Knowledge of Electronic Health Records Clinical Workflows, SharePoint, PowerPoint, and Excel at an advanced level
This position requires the candidate to work on-site in Washington, DC.


Additional Qualifications

Experience in the VA
Experience implementing Electronic Health Records


MPS does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status in any of its business activities including recruiting and selection. We are committed to providing a diverse, inclusive and welcoming environment for employees, volunteers, subcontractors, vendors, and clients."	11146	Washington
Student Trainee (Physical Science)	US Department of Energy	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	$49,157 - $63,906 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is part of the Office of Science, Department Of Energy. As a Student Trainee (Physical Science), you will research background information; draft summary papers, presentations, and blog posts; organize meetings and workshops; and complete a science and technology policy project of mutual interest.

The incumbent is expected to onboard this fall and works part-time hours during the fall, winter, and spring and full-time hours during the summer.

Responsibilities
As a Student Trainee (Physical Science), in the Office of Crosscutting and Special initiatives, you will support communication about a wide variety of science, technology, and policy areas. You will:
Analyze portions of current or projected program operations to evaluate effectiveness in meeting established goals and objectives.
Develop and coordinate a variety of reports, staff actions, correspondence, and other related actions.
Collect data from a variety of reference sources and prepare reports to present patterns and trends in program activities.

Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
1399 Physical Science Student Trainee
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Must be a student, accepted for enrollment or enrolled, and seeking a degree or certificate in a qualifying educational institution on at least a half-time basis.
Must be in good academic standing.
Must be at least 16 years of age or older.
Must be a U.S. Citizen or National.
This employer participates in the e-Verify program.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for Selective Service.
Suitable for Federal employment, as determined by a background investigation.
Interns will be on a trial period for the duration of the appointment.
Qualifications
Education: You must be currently enrolled or accepted for enrollment seeking a degree from a qualifying educational institution on a full or half-time basis as defined by the institution. You must meet the below education requirement for the GS-7 grade level:
A. Completion of 1 full academic year of graduate level education.
or
B. Eligibility under the Superior Academic Achievement Provision and completion of a bachelor's degree.

You are required to submit a copy of transcripts and proof of enrollment.
Education
This position has an education requirement. You MUST provide transcripts or Official Letter of Enrollment to support your educational claims. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.
Additional information
The U.S. Department of Energy fosters a diverse and inclusive workplace and is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional similar vacancies across DOE.
For general information on government-wide Telework polices visit: www.telework.gov


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Once the application process is complete, your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications. If you are eligible and minimally qualified for this job you will be referred to the hiring manager in unranked order, based on veterans preference status, as follows: (1) 10 percent or more compensably-disabled veterans; (2) all other 10-point preference eligibles; (3) 5-point preference eligibles; then (4) all other candidates. Preference candidates receive first consideration.


The following competencies are desirable at the full performance level of this position:
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Technology Application

You must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date (06/30/2021) of this announcement.

To preview the Assessment Questionnaire, click https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11131496

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
To apply for this position, you MUST provide a complete application package which includes:
Your RESUME showing all relevant work experience (paid and unpaid) including: duties performed; full name and address of the each employer; start and end dates (month/day/year); work schedule (part-time, full-time, number of hours if intermittent); salary; and any completed education and training (program title, subject area, number of hours completed, and completion date).
Cover Letter, optional, expressing additional information not covered in your resume.
Transcripts, this position haseducational requirements, you must submit a copy of your current transcripts and/or letter of acceptance as proof of your enrollment. Unofficial transcripts or any report listing institution, course title, credits earned (semester or quarter hour) and final grade is acceptable. It is your responsibility to provide adequate proof that you meet the educational requirements.
Veterans' Preference documentation,if applicable, DD-214 Member Copy 4 showing type of discharge/character of service; current active duty members- certification of expected discharge or release from active duty under honorable conditions dated within 120 days; SF-15 Form and related documentation; VA letter. For more information visit the USAJOBS Help Center & OPM CHCOC website for VOW information.
Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) & Reemployment, if you are a DOE Excepted Service displaced federal employee, from a Pathways appointment, or believe you have reemployment rights at DOE based on a compensable injury, you must reach out to the agency contact listed in this announcement prior to the close date for guidance on how to receive consideration.

Failure to submit any of the above mentioned required documents may result in loss of consideration due to an incomplete application package. It is your responsibility to ensure all required documents have been submitted.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Students
Current students enrolled in accredited educational institutions from high school to graduate level. Includes internships, pathways and other student programs.
Clarification from the agency
Current students enrolled or accepted for enrollment seeking a degree from a qualifying educational institution on a full or half-time basis as defined by the institution."	11146	Washington
Manager, Corporate Strategy	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12393

Organization: IFC

Sector: Other

Grade: GH

Term Duration: 3 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 7/2/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC

Description

IFC—a sister organization of the World Bank and member of the World Bank Group—is the largest global development institution focused on the private sector in emerging markets. We work with more than 2,000 businesses worldwide, using our capital, expertise, and influence to create markets and opportunities in the toughest areas of the world. In fiscal year 2018, we delivered more than $23 billion in long-term financing for developing countries, leveraging the power of the private sector to end extreme poverty and boost shared prosperity. For more information, visit www.ifc.org.

IFC’s Department of Blended Finance and Corporate Strategy reports to the VP of Economics and Private Sector Development. The department is formed of two units: (1) Blended Finance, which supports the deployment of concessional funds in support of IFC investment projects and (2) Corporate Strategy, which provides expert support to Senior Management and Operations on the formulation and execution of corporate strategy. This includes developing IFC’s strategic business outlook (SBO), partnering on WBG corporate strategy, providing relevant analytics and perspectives to IFC Senior Management, and advising and working with departments on the development of their own strategies; and managing IFC’s institutional relationship with the WBG Internal Evaluation Group (IEG). Within this context, the Corporate Strategy unit interfaces with the IFC Board, management across the WBG, and with stakeholders and partners across IFC. It also manages the IFC Investment Client survey, facilitates all IFC Sector Deep Dives and manages IFC’s institutional relationship with IEG.

The Department is seeking to recruit a Manager for the Corporate Strategy Unit , to be based in Washington, DC. S/he will lead a team of about 15 people with various degrees of seniority and will report to the Director. S/he will be part of the Department Leadership Team and will lead all activities within the scope of the Corporate Strategy Unit, and any additional initiative of relevance for the Department.
Duties and Accountabilities
Manage a team of around 15 operations analysts, officers and specialists; recruit, lead, and develop staffProvide analytical frameworks, research, and insights, both to support strategic decisions by IFC’s Management Team and to identify opportunities for further IFC strategic engagement and innovationCorporate Strategy Process: Lead the development, dissemination and monitoring of IFC’s strategy documents and products, including the Strategy & Business Outlook, the Forward Look, and other WBG strategy documentsWBG “W” Process: Manage the development and content for IFC’s participation in the World Bank Group “W” process, including interactions across the WBG; oversee the development of briefing materials for IFC’s Management Team, presentations, analyses and talking points for W sessionsBoard Reporting: Oversee timely, accurate, high quality delivery of specific Corporate reportsLead effort to design / strengthen current internal processes and governance for IFC Corporate Board reportingSector and Country Strategies: Oversee the IFC Sector Deep Dives and efforts to ensure consistency across Country Strategies, and follow-up on implementationLead progress on development of a regular (annual) forum for IFC country and sector management to (i) re-validate cross matrix/cross WBG agreement on strategic and creating markets priorities; (ii) review alignment of priorities with fund raising and resource allocation decisionsWork closely with colleagues across IFC, including corporate support functions, such as the department of Budget and Business Administration, as appropriateContribute to and take collective responsibility for the department’s overall performance and results, and represent the department as needed
Selection Criteria
Master's degree in Business, Finance, Economics, International Relations, or related discipline, plus 15 years of relevant experience, or PhD plus 12 years of relevant experienceRelevant professional experience with the private sector in emerging markets, including experience in either corporate strategy, management consulting, banking and/or the practical application of economic disciplineExcellent understanding of World Bank Group and IFC strategy and processes, and in-depth understanding of IFC operationsStrong analytical, conceptual and strategy formulation capabilities; demonstrated ability to combine the big picture with attention to detailProven record of team management: ability to effectively lead and manage teams, openness to feedback, ability to facilitate new ideas and to guide staff in finding solutions to problemsDemonstrated abilities to manage complex programs with a strategic vision and strong operational focus, and build consensus to move projects from concept to implementationOutstanding interpersonal, diplomatic and partnership skills and proven ability to work in a collaborative environment with team members and across organizational boundariesStrong, persuasive, and clear communicator, with excellent writing and verbal communication skillsGood understanding of IFC policies, processes and proceduresHighest standards of ethical integrity, transparency and fairnessRecognized as a team player, with the ability to integrate, manage and resolve conflict, working in a complex matrix and gaining influence without using authority

World Bank Group managerial competencies:
Courage of your convictions: demonstrates confidence in convictions and the integrity to express to peers and superiors even if it is easier or more comfortable to refrain from speaking up. Have the confidence, balanced with humility and judgment, to operate with the intent of doing what is right for the WBG and its clients.Leading the team for impact: Focus on the WBG purpose and mission in order to provide on-going clarity and vision to one’s teams. Align capabilities and resources around the WBG mission. Create an energizing and empowering work environment where people are engaged and have the resources necessary to do their jobs, while holding team members accountable for results and improvement.Influencing across boundaries: Persuade, convince and create buy-in for ideas and initiatives to advance one’s own goals and strategies, consistent with the WBG mission and vision.Fostering openness to new ideas: Create an open and innovative climate. Be transparent, open to divergent views and encourage these attributes in others. Promote broad thinking and frank discussion, welcome others’ input into the decision-making process, and build on others’ ideas.Building talent for the future: Build people’s capabilities for the future by supporting and leveraging the diversity of staff in terms of their race, gender, nationality, culture, educational and professional backgrounds. Create growth opportunities for others, encourage them to stretch beyond their current experience or comfort zone. Provide ongoing feedback and development, including long term career development and mentoring, as well as hold the team members accountable for developing others.
Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11146	Washington
IT System Administrator	Page Southerland Page, Inc.	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

At Page, we promise design that makes lives better. We’re actively seeking talented people to join an empowered employee environment. With offices in Austin, Dallas, Denver, Dubai, Houston, Mexico City, San Francisco and Washington DC, Page provides architecture, engineering, interiors and consulting services on large, complex projects around the world. We credit the success of our projects that build communities to the global diversity of our people’s backgrounds and experiences. By following our core values in the delivery of our services, we’ve become – and remain – a vital and respected firm. We’re seeking highly creative, committed team members to help us deliver on our promise of making lives better through design. As our market sectors and services grow, we continuously add new opportunities. Will you join us?
Responsibilities:
Knowledge of PC hardware components, desktop operating system software and application software
Basic knowledge of networking, servers and cyber hygiene
Able to maintain complete confidentiality with data
Provide desktop technical support to staff in the Washingon D.C. office as well as other Page offices including supporting remote staff
Day to day break fix; (troubleshooting, components, installation, adds / moves / changes, user administration, access control);
Computer imaging and deployment
Occasional evening or weekend hours as needed
Knowledge of Autodesk and Bluebeam products a plus
Knowledge of System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), building packages and deploying systems a plus
Qualifications:
One year college level course work and MCP (Microsoft Certified Professional), CompTIA A+, or equivalent
Minimum of five years providing end-user support for current PC desktop and application software OR three years installing, upgrading, troubleshooting and repairing personal computers in an enterprise environment;
Expert at providing a high level of customer service in a friendly manner
Ability to multitask
May sit for prolonged periods of time in front of a computer
Able to perform physical activities, such as, but not limited to, lifting heavy equipment (up to 50 lbs. unassisted), bending, standing, climbing or walking
Reliable transportation needed to travel to and from locations daily
Ability to clearly communicate both in person and in writing at various levels of the organization
Ability to be a team player
Fast study and ability to deal with high stress situations
Additional duties, as assigned
Must be able to pass a U.S. government security clearance"	11146	Washington
Sr. Project Manager	CSZ Net Inc	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$65 - $76 an hour	Hi,Please let me know your interest in the below position.Role: Project ManagerLocation: onsite in Washington, DCDuration: 12 months contractPay rate: $65/hr on 1099Job ID: DCRA - Project Manager - Senior - 654845Interview Process: video interview1-15 years of experience. Provides project control functions to ensure completion of deliverables and outcomes against requirements.DCRA has developed an in-house licensing system to manage occupational and professional licensing intake, issuance and reporting. The contractor will provide project management functions to ensure the timely delivery of the project.Responsibilities: Determine and define project scope and objectivesEnsure system requirements are clearly defined and documentedDevelop and manage a detailed project schedule and work planPrioritize backlog user requirements.Provide project updates on a consistent basis to various stakeholders about strategy, adjustments, and progressUtilize industry best practices, techniques, and standards throughout entire project executionMonitor progress and make adjustments as neededMeasure project performance to identify areas for improvementMinimum Education/Certification Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in IT or related field or equivalent experienceRequired/Desired Skills12 years of Experience managing large IT projects15 years of Experience providing communications and presentations to Senior Management12 years of Experience with MS Project or similar project planning softwareBachelor’s degree in IT or related field or equivalent experience8 years of Experience with web-based IT implementation projects15years of Experience Developing project scopes and plans15 years of Experience Managing and tracking program progress against the project plan in an enterprise environment15 years of Experience Preparing status reportsThanks & RegardsCSZNet Inc Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $65.00 - $76.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Project Manager: 10 years (Required)Status reports: 10 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11146	Washington
IT Infrastructure & Construction Project Manager (Remote)	M Powered Strategies	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"Based in Washington, DC, MPS is an SBA-certified HUBZone Small Business, dedicated to empowering our clients through innovative change management services, with a focus on organizational effectiveness. Founded by a former Peace Corps volunteer, our consultants have served executives in the federal sector for over a decade, working on several high-profile initiatives. We pride ourselves on being experienced consultants, trusted advisers, and reliable partners. As a designated Employer of National Service, our core value is a commitment to public service.
IT Infrastructure Project Manager
Support the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) program.


Support project management across multiple projects across the VISN. Support planning of projects and mitigate risks associated with software development. Able to articulate best practices as it relates to cost and schedule. Ability to support senior leadership presentations, data calls and interagency collaboration
Experience in Construction or Supporting Construction Sites is highly desirable!
Required Qualifications

Minimum of 5 years of experience is required. An additional 8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirements
Large enterprise network engineer background with a strong understanding of technology stack
Able to plan, design, and oversee deployment of complex enterprise-wide or large-scale information architectures including computer hardware and software, operating systems, middleware, communications hardware and software, and security components
Knowledge of standards for open systems architectures as they apply to the implementation and specification of complex information management solutions to ensure systems are compatible and in compliance with the standards
Able to identify necessary interfaces between enterprise solution applications and legacy IT environments
Able to perform business case analysis and identification of alternative solutions and resulting business impacts
Accomplished communication and troubleshooting skills
Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, Business or related field is required


Preferred Qualifications

Experience in the VA or DOD
Experience, training, or certifications in IT governance frameworks such as ITIL or CMMI
Experience with Electronic Health Records or other Health IT systems
Federal consulting experience
Experience managing Information Technology (IT) related projects


MPS does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status in any of its business activities including recruiting and selection. We are committed to providing a diverse, inclusive and welcoming environment for employees, volunteers, subcontractors, vendors, and clients."	11146	Washington
Editor I, Visuals Copy Editor	NPR	Washington, DC (NoMa area)	None	"OVERVIEW

A thriving, mission-driven multimedia organization, NPR produces award-winning news, information, and music programming in partnership with hundreds of independent public radio stations across the nation. The NPR audience values information, creativity, curiosity, and social responsibility – and our employees do too. We are innovators and leaders in diverse fields, from journalism and digital media to IT and development. Every day, our employees and member stations touch the lives of millions worldwide.


The Visuals team at NPR works across all of our content areas, news, programming, music and podcasts. The Visuals Copy Editor main focus will edit stories, scripts and text for our Visual Newscast that appears primarily on smart screen devices along with all other platforms including NPR.org, Instagram, Youtube, Facebook, Twitter. The position will require the ability to think both quickly and expansively about editing. Ideal candidates will bring experience in copy editing, writing and crafting headlines as well as workflow management. This candidate must be a team player and believe in the value of daily news coverage. There are opportunities to work on NPR’s Visual Storytelling platform, The Picture Show, where we tell a diverse range of stories about many topics including identity, climate change and LGBTQ communities. This editor will help imagine and translate NPR’s distinctive journalism to new and diverse audiences on all platforms. This position will require working nights, weekends and holidays as needed. This position reports to the Senior Supervising Editor for Visuals.

NOTE: This position works 25 hours per week.


Responsibilities


Edit stories, headlines, teasers and other copy for spelling, grammar, punctuation, style, tone and SEO best practices.
Must be able to edit for breaking news with speed and distinction.
This role is a leading voice in ensuring accuracy, consistency and quality across NPR platforms.
Copy edits and proofreads photo galleries, video text, graphics and visual narratives, stories, display copy and other text for spelling, grammar, accuracy, style, punctuation, fairness, balance and tone
Attend meetings as needed with the Visuals team, desks, podcasts and shows.
Uphold the highest standards for NPR’s visual journalism and storytelling.
Stay up to date with NPR broadcasts, podcasts, reporters, news wires, competition and internal communications to make sure our visual storytelling is optimized and smart.
Ability and willingness to work varied shifts, including some weekends
Additional duties as assigned by your manager.


Education

Bachelor’s degree in journalism, English or writing-intensive discipline d (or the equivalent combination of education and experience).


Required Skills


At least two years of experience as a copy editor in a daily newsroom.
At least one year of experience in editorial decision-making.
Demonstrated skills in copy editing and headline writing.
Thorough knowledge of Associated Press style.
A broad range of general news knowledge.
Understanding of journalistic ethics.
Experience maintaining high journalistic standards under deadline pressure, including standards of objectivity, balance and fairness.


Willingness to learn skills necessary to work on digital platforms; ability to adapt to changes in equipment, software and workflow.
Ability to handle multiple and complex projects simultaneously under stringent time frames and changing priorities/conditions.
Excellent organizational, communication and collaboration skills.
Ability to work independently and with members of a cooperative team.
Ability to work quickly and effectively under deadline pressure.
Ability and willingness to work varied shifts as needed, including early morning, nights, weekends and occasional holidays.


A thriving, mission-driven multimedia organization, NPR produces award-winning news, information, and music programming in partnership with hundreds of independent public radio stations across the nation. The NPR audience values information, creativity, curiosity, and social responsibility – and our employees do too. We are innovators and leaders in diverse fields, from journalism and digital media to IT and development. Every day, our employees and member stations touch the lives of millions worldwide.

Across our organization, we’re building a workplace where collaboration is essential, diverse voices are heard, and inclusion is the key to our success.

 Does this sound like you? If so, we want to hear from you. All applications must include a resume and cover letter to be considered.

Want more NPR? Explore the stories behind the stories on our NPR Extra blog. Get social with NPR Extra on Facebook and following @NPRExtra and #NPRLife on Twitter and Instagram. Find more career opportunities at NPR.org/careers and on Twitter at @NPRJobs.

NPR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. NPR is committed to being an inclusive workplace that welcomes diverse and unique perspectives, all working toward the same goal – to create a more informed public. Qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, national origin, ancestry, age, religion, religious belief, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, lactation, and reproductive health decisions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, transgender status, gender non-conforming status, intersex status, sexual stereotypes, nationality, citizenship status, personal appearance, marital status, family status, family responsibilities, military status, veteran status, mental and physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, genetic characteristics of yourself or a family member, political views and affiliation, unemployment status, protective order status, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other basis prohibited under applicable law."	11146	Washington
Project Schedule 1	M.C. Dean, Inc.	Washington, DC 20018 (Langdon area)	None	"M.C. Dean is Building Intelligence™. We design, build, operate, and maintain cyber-physical solutions for the nation’s most recognizable mission-critical facilities, secure environments, complex infrastructure, and global enterprises.
Our success relies on great people delivering innovative projects and solutions for Fortune 100 companies and the most recognized agencies in government, defense, and security.
Join our more than 4,500 employees worldwide who engineer and deploy automated, secure, and resilient power and technology systems; and deliver the management platforms essential for long-term system sustainability. Together we are creating the integrated systems and technologies that shape the built and cyber-physical world.
We offer an excellent benefits package including:
A competitive salary
Medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance
Paid-time off
Tuition reimbursement
401k Retirement Plan
Military Reserve pay offset
Paid maternity leave

PURPOSE: The Project Scheduler designates work to be done and specifies deadlines for completing tasks and deliverables. Full use and application of standard theories, concepts and techniques in a specialized field. Responsible for aiding, tracking, monitoring status, controlling and performing issue resolution throughout the projects life cycle. Provides solutions to a variety of problems. What to do is defined but how to do it is left up to the individual.

Responsible for:
Providing project planning and scheduling documentation to support project and customer requirements.
Providing planning and scheduling support for in-house or on-site work as required.
Assisting Team Leads, Superintendents and the Project and Program Managers in tracking the projects against baseline schedules and budgets.
Preparing periodic management and/or customer reports and presentations as required.
Assisting on project proposal teams.
Prior to project start, creating and revising preliminary master schedules, detailing the sequence of all work to be performed.
Assisting Project Manager in maintaining Master schedule for each project, identifying and recording the impact of work performed and not performed as scheduled.
Evaluating actual progress and providing regular schedule updates.
Interfacing with Operations to discuss impact of work and resolution of problems.
Contributing to the development of working schedules for Estimating, prior to proposal date, which sufficiently illustrate the sequence of work activities and contract time.
Assist in preparing and issuing proposal and preliminary schedule.
Incorporating Resource and/or Cost Loading data into schedules as required.
Consulting appropriate project team members and estimating procedures as a means of ensuring that proper planning is completed prior to the commencement of work.
Assisting Project Managers in creating short-term schedules, monitoring such schedules to determine impact on master schedule, and helping in formulating actions to correct scheduling problems.
Providing information as needed on the content, modification, or presentation of project schedule.
Remaining current on the advancements in scheduling software.
Continuously expanding and updating professional knowledge and honing training skills in order to enhance individual and team innovation and productivity.
Aiding Project Managers and others as required with incorporation of fragments in Project Schedule.
Schedules and tracks equipment maintenance using CMMS software

Education Requirements
6-8 years of experience with a High School Diploma or
4-6 years of experience with an Associate degree or
0-2 years of experience with a Bachelor's degree
Preferred but not required:
Project Management Software (PM Online) – In-house Software.
AS400 (internal)
CMMS software
Abilities
Exposure to computer screens for an extended period of time.
Sitting for extended periods of time.
Reach by extending hands or arms in any direction.
Have finger dexterity in order to manipulate objects with fingers rather than whole hands or arms, for example, using a keyboard.
Listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.
Communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.
Read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.
Apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
Identify and understand the speech of another person.

EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
VEVRAA Contractor"	11146	Washington
Junior Project Manager -Health Training Curriculum	Technical Assent	Washington, DC	None	"Overview

You understand the power of great service experience and its ability to inspire customer behavior. You have a keen understanding of what it takes to deliver exceptional services, both in front of the house and behind the scenes. But most of all, you see all of this in the context of furthering our clients' core mission or business. The issues to be resolved are often difficult to define and quantify; may involve complex, traditionally competing interests; are often characterized by senior leadership interest and visibility, and require extensive proving and analysis.
Project Overview

You will help support the development, implementation, and refinement of a landmark training curriculum for critical employees in a leading integrated health care system, the Veterans Affairs Administration health system. As a Junior Project Manager, you'll have the opportunity to directly impact not only key VA personnel across the entire country, but also the Veterans they serve.
Junior Project Manager (Associate Consultant)

Works in a team environment to research, prepare, and deliver high quality, on-time deliverables to clients.
Earns client trust through completion of tasks and deliverables that support client outcomes and decision-making, including research, report development, and delivery of recommendations in certain cases.
Independently manages time to complete assigned tasks and contribute to team effort.
Take advantage of learning opportunities beyond specialty.
Contributes to organizational capability by building reusable process assets, templates, and tools that improve the consistency of our services.
Supports business development by playing an active role in researching customer needs, competitive environment, and actively supporting proposal efforts.
Maintains professional demeanor that is consistent with Technical Assent core values at all times.
Open-minded, curious approach to work, and desire to continue learning, especially in meeting or training facilitation and/or Human Centered Design.

Requirements

Strong software skills and/or ability to learn and troubleshoot quickly. Familiarity with SharePoint, Powerpoint, Excel, Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Webex.
Highly organized with experience coordinating digital meetings, managing multiple work streams. You will think through project sequencing and deftly navigate competing calendar demands, sometimes across varying time zones.
Draft and deliver meeting agendas/notes/client reports, slides, and other documents.
Creatively problem solve.
Possess strong communication skills and ability to communicate with various stakeholders, occasionally interfacing with clients via emails, leading meetings.
Track deadlines, tasks, and project status in shared calendars and project management software. ""Keep the trains running"" by tracking deadlines for deliverables and routine requirements and keeping the team accountable.

The Company

Technical Assent is passionate about services – in government, business, and not-for-profit. We design exceptional service experiences, engineer them to be robust, and deliver real capability and business outcomes for our clients. You will be working on government programs that have strategic importance to our client. Your team will work IN and ON the client's core mission – helping them to deliver their services day-to-day while simultaneously looking for opportunities to improve. Our work is Driven by Evidence , Grounded in Understanding, and Focused on Impact .

A Little About Our Culture

We look for these attributes in our teammates.

Our team combines the creative and the pragmatic to deliver the results that matter most to our clients. We see beauty when art and science come together.
We seek self-starters, people who are confident in tackling challenges independently and bringing this to high-performing teams. We continually seek feedback from our customers and employees, looking for opportunities to grow.
We are a small company which gives you an essential voice in shaping our culture. You will help grow our culture, and you will grow from the experience, too.

You will be part of a team to take an improvement concept and transform it into a capability – an asset that provides measurable value to our client's mission. The team will work with users, prototype, develop, and deliver new capabilities. We hold ourselves accountable to impacting outcomes."	11146	Washington
SPECIAL ASSISTANT	US Citizenship and Immigration Services	Camp Springs, MD	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Office of Chief Financial Officer.

As a Special Assistant you will serve as an expert consultant on broad projects and programs with national impact and provide advice and guidance on undefined and controversial issues and elements for programs essential to the agency's mission.

Responsibilities
Provides advice and guidance on issues essential to the organization's mission.
Develops tools, methodologies and practices to analyze reports, monitor and manage risks according to risk management framework and relevant policies.
Represents leadership as needed at internal and external meetings, conferences, and events.
Provides strategic planning, organizational capability, and long-term initiatives for continued effective and productive operations.
Identifies, evaluates, and analyzes financial, security, IT and other risks inherent to the Directorate/agency's business operations, and formulates, implements, and administers, risk management strategies.
Exercises a broad degree of independence and applies authoritative judgment in developing and maintaining relationships with various stakeholders in the government, private industry, and State and local municipalities.
Provides organized, focused, confidential and high-level support for executives, while being able to multi-task advanced complex and highly sensitive USCIS projects.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be required to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
15
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Assistants, Office
Managers, All Other
Managers, Training
Office Assistants
Training Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. National to apply for this position
Successfully pass a Background Investigation including financial disclosure
You must pass a drug screening
You must submit resume and supporting documentation
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service
Political appointees may require OPM approval before on-boarding
The qualifications for this position must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

Current Federal employees must have served 52 weeks at the lower grade or equivalent grade band in the Federal service. The Time-in-Grade requirement must be met by 11:59 PM (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this announcement.

This position is not in the bargaining unit.

This position is not considered ""essential"" for purposes of reporting to work when the facility might otherwise be closed.

Residency Requirement: There is a residency requirement for all applicants not currently employed by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. This residency requirement states that candidates must have, for three of the last five years immediately prior to applying for this position; (1) resided in the United States; OR (2) worked for the United States Government as an employee overseas in a Federal or Military capacity, OR (3) been a dependent of a U.S. Federal or Military employee serving overseas.

Background Investigation: To ensure the accomplishment of our mission, DHS requires every employee to be reliable and trustworthy. To meet those standards, all selected applicants must undergo and successfully pass a background investigation. This may include a review of financial issues such as delinquency in the payment of debts, child support and/or tax obligations, as well as certain criminal offenses and illegal use or possession of drugs. The background investigation process is initiated after a selection is made. For more information visit the OPM Mythbuster Page.

If a SECRET or TOP SECRET clearance is needed or the position is designated a Sensitive National Security position, all selected candidates must meet the requirements for these clearances or Sensitive National Security position prior to placement AND maintain that level of clearance or national security eligibility while encumbering the position.

Probationary Period: You may be required to serve a probationary period of 1 year.
Qualifications
GS-15: You qualify at the GS-15 level if you possess one (1) year of specialized experience, which is equivalent to at least the GS-14 level in the federal government, that equipped you with the skills needed to successfully perform the duties of the position. You must have experience performing the following duties:

Serving as a personal, confidential consultant and supporting liaison on issues stemming from broad projects and programs with national impact;
Providing advice, guidance and resolution of complex relations problems or issues impacting major agency programs;
Researching and writing reports or other working documents that provide guidance on the impact of complex nation-wide program issues.

The assessments for this job will measure:

Administration and Management
Attention to Detail
Creativity and Innovation
Customer Service
Human Capital Management
Interpersonal Skills
Oral Communication
Problem Solving
Self-Management
Teamwork
Technical Competence
Technology Application
Workload Planning and Organization
Writing

Please read the following important information to ensure you submit everything we need to consider your application: It is your responsibility to ensure that you submit your responses and appropriate documentation prior to the closing date. Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must highlight your most relevant and significant experience and education (if applicable), as it relates to this job opportunity announcement. USCIS will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your initial eligibility/qualifications for a position. As such, please be sure to include content to support your eligibility/qualifications for this position within the first 5 pages. Please note that your full resume will be made available to the hiring manager if you are referred. Be clear and specific when describing your work history since Human Resources cannot make assumptions regarding your experience. Your application will be rated and ranked based on your responses to the online questions.

Please ensure EACH work history includes ALL of the following information:

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
Employer's name and address
Supervisor name and phone number
Start and end dates including month, day and year (e.g. June 18 2007 to April 05 2008)
Start and end dates for each grade/pay level if you've held a federal position.
Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
Salary

Determining length of General or Specialized Experience is dependent on the above information and failure to provide the above information may result in a finding of ineligible.

Note: Overstating your qualifications and/or experience in your application materials or application questionnaire may result in your removal from consideration.

Federal Experience: If you are using current or prior federal experience as a basis for qualifying for this position, the grade levels and length of employment (mm/dd/year) at each grade level must be listed in your work history. This information will be further validated if selected for this position.

The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) must authorize employment offers made to current or former political appointees. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee in the Executive Branch, you must disclose this information to the Human Resources Office

National Service Experience (i.e., volunteer experience): Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build criteria competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer service. Please provide the dates and amount of time/hours worked earning this experience.
Education
EDUCATIONAL SUBSTITUTION: There is no educational substitution at this grade level.
Additional information
Special Employment Consideration: The Department of Homeland Security encourages persons with disabilities to apply, to include persons with intellectual, severe physical or psychiatric disabilities, as defined by 5 CFR § 213.3102(u), and/or Disabled Veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30 percent or more as defined by 5 CFR § 315.707. Veterans, Peace Corps, VISTA volunteers, and persons with disabilities possess a wealth of unique talents, experiences, and competencies that can be invaluable to the DHS mission. If you are a member of one of these groups, you may not have to compete with the public for federal jobs. To determine your eligibility for non-competitive appointment and to understand the required documentation, click on the links above or contact the Servicing Human Resources Office listed at the bottom of this announcement.

Any offers of employment made pursuant to this announcement will be consistent with all applicable authorities, including Presidential Memoranda, Executive Orders, interpretive U.S. Office of Personnel Management guidance and U.S. Office of Management and Budget plans and policies concerning hiring. These authorities are subject to change.

Additional Information:

USCIS uses E-Verify, an Internet-based system, to confirm the eligibility of all newly hired employees to work in the United States. Learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities.

If you receive a conditional offer of employment for this position, you will be required to complete an Optional Form 306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and to sign and certify the accuracy of all information in your application, prior to entry on duty. False statements on any part of the application may result in withdrawal of offer of employment, dismissal after beginning work, fine, or imprisonment.

It is our responsibility to eliminate any risks to national security, public health, and public safety that could be posed by individuals who use illegal drugs. This position may be subject to random testing as a condition of employment. A positive drug test or refusal to be tested will result in disciplinary action, up to and including removal from Federal service.

Note: If you previously retired from the Federal service and are receiving an annuity, your salary may be offset by the amount of your annuity.

Applying to this announcement certifies that you give permission for DHS to share your application with others in DHS for similar positions.

Common definitions for hiring terms found in this announcement.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated for this position based upon information reflected in your resume. Your resume must support your responses to the job specific assessment questionnaire, level of education claimed, experience, and/or training. To remain in consideration for this position, please ensure your resume covers this requirement and that your resume has been successfully submitted as part of your on-line application package.

Creation of this package includes completing the on-line assessment questionnaire, uploading your resume, and uploading any required supporting documents.

NOTE: Your resume and supporting documentation will be verified. If you rated yourself higher than what is supported by your application material, you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment.

If you are found best qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview.

Veterans: Certain veterans are eligible to apply as a status candidate under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA). View Feds Hire vets for more information.

 Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) Eligible: If you have never worked for the federal government, you are not CTAP/ICTAP eligible. View information about CTAP or ICTAP eligibility on OPM's Career Transition Resources website. To be considered well qualified under CTAP/ ICTAP, you must be placed in the Well-Qualified category for this position, as described above. In addition, you must submit the supporting documents listed under the required documents section of this job announcement.

Note: Applicants who are referred to the hiring office for selection consideration may be required to complete a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of the interview/selection process. If the hiring office decides to request a writing sample and/or other writing exercise as part of its selection process, a designated contractor or Agency representative will contact you to: (1) inform you of this requirement; and (2) provide further instructions.

Conditions of Employment Reminder: If you fail to meet the conditions of employment or any other pre-employment requirements, such as missing any of the scheduled appointments, the hiring agency may rescind their tentative offer of employment.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
Yes
Required Documents

Required Documents
Resume: You must submit a resume that clearly demonstrates you have experience that meets the requirements of this position as outlined in the “Qualifications” section. USCIS’ Human Resources Office will only review the first 5 pages of your resume to determine your eligibility/qualifications.

In order to ensure that you include all necessary information within the first 5 pages of your resume, you are highly encouraged to save and submit your resume as a PDF instead of submitting it through Resume Builder or a word-processing program such as Word or Google Docs.

Your responses to the job questionnaire. (submitted through the on-line application process in USA Jobs. Responses DO NOT need to be attached as an additional document to your application)

Are you a veteran? You must provide acceptable documentation of your preference or appointment eligibility. The member 4 copy of your DD214, ""Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty,"" is preferable. If claiming 10 point preference, you will need to submit a Standard Form (SF-15), ""Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference."" If applying based on eligibility under the Veterans Opportunity to Work (VOW) Act, you must submit certification from the Armed Forces that you will be discharged or released from active duty within 120 days from the date on the certification. This must indicate your dates of service, your rank, and confirm that you will be separated under honorable conditions. View more veterans’ information.

Are you a current or former Federal employee? Submit a copy of your official SF-50 (no text version) or other official ""Notification of Personnel Action"" document that shows the following information:

your appointment in the competitive service
tenure
grade and step
full performance level

If your SF-50(s) does not provide the information needed to make a final determination for qualification, you will be found ineligible for the position. SF-50B print screens from NFC are not official documents and are not acceptable. This includes USCIS employees as well. All current DHS employees can print their own SF-50's by accessing the DHS eOPF website. If you have forgotten your user name or password, eOPF offers a self-service feature to assist you.

If you are a current CIS employee and need access information to eOPF, contact USCIS.EOPF@uscis.dhs.gov. For all other agencies please see your servicing Human Resources Office.

You may be asked to provide a copy of your recent performance appraisal and or incentive awards. If you are a Federal employee and have received a current performance rating, it is strongly encouraged that a copy accompanies your application submission. Doing so allows the selecting official access to all information surrounding your potential to fulfill the duties and responsibilities commensurate of the position being considered for. Failure to provide may impede the selecting official's understanding of the qualifications and experience that you possess.

Are you claiming special priority selection rights under the Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP)? Submit:

a copy of your agency notice,
a copy of your most recent performance rating, and
a copy of your most recent SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, noting your current position, grade level, and duty location.

Are you a current or former political Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES or Presidential Appointee employee? Submit a copy of your applicable SF-50, along with a statement that provides the following information regarding your most recent appointment:

Position title
Type of appointment (Schedule A, Schedule C, Non-career SES, or Presidential Appointee)
Agency
Beginning and ending dates of appointment

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
DHS offers competitive salaries and an attractive benefits package, including: health, dental, vision, life, and long-term care insurance; retirement plan; Thrift Savings Plan [similar to a 401(k)]; Flexible Spending Account; Employee Assistance Program; personal leave days; and paid federal holidays. Other benefits may include: flexible work schedules; telework; tuition reimbursement; transportation subsidies; uniform allowance; health and wellness programs; and fitness centers. DHS is committed to employee development and offers a variety of employee training and developmental opportunities. For more information, go to the DHS Careers website and select ""Benefits."" Disabled veteran leave will be available to any Federal employee hired on or after November 5, 2016, who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rating of 30 percent or more.

Review our benefits
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Military spouses
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Current Federal Employees with competitive status, Reinstatement, OPM Interchange Agreement, VEOA, Schedule A and Surplus/Displaced eligibles."	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	Keller	Hanover, MD 21076	None	"Company Logo:

Overview:

Keller is the world’s largest geotechnical solutions specialist. With a turnover in 2019 of £2.2 billion and around 10,000 employees world-wide, Keller has a permanent presence in more than 40 countries on five continents. Our products are used across the construction sector in infrastructure, industrial, commercial residential and environmental projects. With our full range of technologies and strong engineering capability, we also offer design and build solutions to meet each project's specific requirements. The main categories of products we provide are: Ground improvement; Grouting; Heavy foundations; Earth retention; Post-tension systems; Instrumentation and Monitoring and our services cover programme/project delivery, technical design and expertise and targeted data analytics
Responsibilities:

The Project Manager is accountable to and works in conjunction with sponsors, initiative owners, functional leaders and where appropriate partners to ensuring the successful delivery and management of assigned projects within scope, quality, time, and budget constraints. These constraints may be clearly defined or require dynamic change management to deliver the business value. The PM is responsible for ensuring all stated deliverables are met according to the project plan. The PM will work closely with work stream leads to set the timeline and deliverables and cadence of touchpoints.
Key Results / Accountabilities expected from role:
Analyse project proposals to determine time frame, funding limitations and appropriate process for accomplishing projects.
Identify and schedule project deliverables, milestones, and required activities and tasks.
Provide leadership and motivation to project team members throughout the project life cycle and confer with project staff to outline work plan.
Establish work plan and staffing for project activities, iterations, or phases.
Implement project communication plan.
Perform risk assessment and implement mitigation plans.
Monitor project activities, ensuring the currency, quality and integrity of the information, while providing consistency in content and “look and feel” across the enterprise.
Ensure that project goals are accomplished and are in line with business objectives.
Assign duties, responsibilities and scope of authority to project personnel.
Direct and coordinate activities of project personnel to ensure that the project progresses on schedule and within budget.
Review status reports prepared by project personnel and modify schedules or plans as required.
Establish standards and procedures for project reporting and documentation
Continuously benchmark project management performance to identify improvements and achieve higher capability maturity in project and portfolio management.
Communicate with various members of the organization and project team including project sponsors, key stakeholders, business analysts, end users and external partners.
Qualifications:
1. Bachelor’s or degree in computer science, information systems or a related field
2. 3 years of IT experience with sensitivity and commitment towards business problem solving.
3. 2 years of demonstrated competency in a project management role involving the execution of multiple projects or a large critical project.
4. Knowledge of project management methodologies and project-planning tools.
5. Demonstrated experience working with a diverse cross functional team.
6. Strong people management and communication skills across all levels of the organisation.
7. Effective influencing and negotiating skills in an environment where this role may not directly control resources.
8. Strong influencing skills – able to network effectively across all functions and suppliers and cultures.
9. Strong knowledge and understanding of business needs, with the ability to establish and maintain a high level of trust and confidence.
10. Demonstrated ability to develop and execute a project resource plan that ensures that the right people are in the right place doing the right things at the right time.
11. High level of initiative and self-motivation but also able to follow the agreed way of working.
12. Ability to work well under pressure.
13. Experience in project/contracting based organisations a plus.
14. Project manager training and certification desirable, but not required.
Kell
Keller is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We encourage qualified women, minorities, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and others to apply.
Equal Employment Opportunity"	11146	Washington
Purchasing Agent	City of Alexandria, VA	Alexandria, VA 22304 (Seminary Hill area)	$101,757 - $184,411 a year	"Purchasing Agent

The City of Alexandria is located in northern Virginia and is bordered by the District of Columbia (Potomac River), Arlington and Fairfax counties. With a population of approximately 150,000 and a land area of 15.75 square miles, Alexandria is the seventh largest city in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Alexandria has a charming waterfront and is a unique and historic place to live and work. About one-quarter of the City’s square miles have been designated as a national or local historic district. We proudly embrace our rich history and seize the endless opportunities that lie ahead.

An Overview
Alexandria is experiencing significant redevelopment in key areas throughout the City. As the urban environment evolves, the service delivery model of the City of Alexandria will necessarily change. This means the City will be engaged in many new and exciting procurement activities for both major capital projects as well as operational services. The next few years will bring complex challenges and opportunities for innovation in procurement. The purchasing agent will play a key role in helping City agencies answer these new challenges, and will guide the City through major capital projects. The City seeks a talented business manager that displays excellent judgment in high-pressure, complex situations. The purchasing agent should have a history of creative and innovative problem solving as well as the ability to lead a team of professional procurement specialists.

The purchasing agent supervises and administers the operation of the Purchasing Division of the Department of Finance. The employee in this class is responsible for the legal and proper execution of central purchasing activities, including the procurement of supplies, materials, equipment, and services of desired grade and quality at prices most favorable to the City and their issuance as in accordance with the City Code Sec. 3-3-13. Work is performed under the general supervision of the finance director, but the employee has considerable latitude for independent judgment, innovation, and initiative in carrying out the work of the division.

What You Should Bring
The ideal candidate will bring sound management and decision-making experience to a complex division. The City seeks a candidate that can infuse innovation into all business processes, and has experience dealing with multifaceted purchasing projects. It is also important that the purchasing agent be well versed in buying, inspection, as well as the laws, ordinances and other requirements governing the purchase of commodities and services for the City, or have the ability to readily acquire such knowledge. The candidate should understand sources of supply, markets and price trends, and have a working knowledge of the various grades and qualities of a variety of materials, supplies, equipment and services. He or she should have a good knowledge of accounting practices as applied to procurement procedures, and be comfortable making difficult decisions and award contracts and review any appeals impartially and objectively. The candidate should be able to effectively manage an office and have the ability to plan, organize, review and evaluate the work of a staff performing varied procurement functions, as well as establish and maintain effective working relationships with other City officials, employees, vendors and the general public. The ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, is highly important. Lastly, the ability to synthesize purchasing data and use it to prioritize projects and refine business processes is essential to the continued improvement of the Purchasing Division and its role in executing the City’s strategic plan. The incumbent is also expected to report out on performance metrics for the procurement function, which ultimately help inform resource priorities for the City.

The Opportunity – Examples of Work
Directs work of professional staff and ensures that Division/program objectives and outcomes are achieved in compliance with local, state and federal requirements;
Develops, executes, and revises the Division’s strategic plan and performance plan in conjunction with the Finance Director;
Reviews and supervises bid proposals and awards contracts to vendors for purchases; determines contract awards, administers contracts, and disposes of surplus goods and equipment;
Conducts reviews, responds to, and resolves/issues decisions on protests and appeals from vendors;
Prepares docket items and makes presentations before City Council; Prepares reports of procurement activities;
Resolves problems with vendors which contract specialists are unable to resolve, and takes action when vendors default on contracts;
Recommends and approves appropriate procurement methods, and discusses formal bid awards with department heads;
Analyzes purchasing and supply policies and procedures, controls their implementation and application, and incorporates new techniques, policies, and procedures;
Plans, coordinates and controls the purchasing activities of the City, establishes priorities, and evaluates functions; Prepares budget requests for the Division's operations and administers the Division budget;
Performs other duties, as assigned.

About The Department
The City of Alexandria's Finance Department is a fast-paced, diverse, and customer service focused operation that serves both members of the public and the other departments of the City itself. The Finance Department has seven divisions and in fiscal year 2021 is operating with a total budget of $13.2 million and 107.25 FTE positions. The main responsibilities of the Finance divisions are as follows:
The Revenue Division assesses personal property (car tax), meal sales, transient lodging and other taxes, and also issues business and professional licenses;
The Treasury Division bills, collects, invests, and manages all City monies;
The Real Estate Division appraises each parcel of real estate in the City, the value of which is used to bill for the real estate tax;
The Purchasing Division is responsible for centralized City procurement;
The Accounting Division maintains records on the financial operations of the City and prepares the City's monthly and annual financial reports;
The Pension Division manages pension plans for City employees; and
The Administration Division provides executive-level strategy and direction and also administers the department's budget, human resources, and performance management. This division also provides risk management services for the City and manages the City's enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, Munis.

Minimum and Additional Requirements
At least five years of government purchasing and contract management experience including some supervisory experience in local, State or Federal government; or at least three years of experience at a level equivalent to Contract Specialist III; and a Bachelor's degree with some college-level courses in procurement, marketing, business law, or business administration, and retailing; or any equivalent combination of experience and training which provides the required knowledge, skills and abilities.

Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree or Juris Doctor degree. Experience working in local, state or Federal Government environment.

To Apply
For consideration, please submit a cover letter detailing your qualifications, and your resume to Alexandria_Purchasing@polihire.com. Resumes will be screened in relation to the criteria outlined in this announcement. Candidates with relevant qualifications will be given preliminary interviews by POLIHIRE. Those candidates deemed qualified will be referred to the City of Alexandria for further consideration. Please include only your name (Last, First) in the subject line when submitting these materials.

Notes
This position requires satisfactory pre-employment background checks, including but not limited, to drug tests and criminal background checks."	11146	Washington
Project Manager I/II	Tower Federal Credit Union	Laurel, MD	None	Job DetailsDescription$5,000 Signing BonusHOURS: Monday-Friday 40 hour workweekAll employees, must provide a copy of their fully completed COVID-19 vaccination cards within 45 days of their start date. Exceptions will be made in accordance with federal and state laws.PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES AND FUNCTIONS: Understands the various phases of the Project Lifecycle: Initiation, Planning, Execution, Closing and Monitoring. Works with the project team to develop and maintain the applicable deliverables for each phase of the project from inception to closing.Works directly with the lines of business and vendors, requiring good communication skills, as well as fundamental technical troubleshooting abilities.Able to define problems, collect data, establish facts and develop presentations to communicate recommendations on complex topics to Senior Management.Partners with the lines of business to plan new systems and to determine the feasibility and cost of delivering new systems or enhancements to existing systems.Provides project management leadership for assigned business initiatives and major IT efforts. Tracks issues, risks, decisions made as they relate to project scope, timelines and dependencies.Creates and executes project work plans and revises as authorized to meet changing needs and requirements.Maintains documentation that reflects any changes to scope, timelines, milestones and deliverables.Performs other duties as assigned.Level II Accountabilities - May also include a number of the responsibilities outlined below: PMO Project Manager II provides guidance to entry-level Project Manager I in conducting project management activities.For Business Continuity Planning purposes, assists business partners in recovery planning and recovery plan development enhancements.Capitalizes on business opportunities to refine production processes to mitigate exposure during disruptions of service, and, possibly, improve day-to-day operations.REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONSProject Manager I – Bachelor's degree in a systems-related or business management field desired; at least 3 to 5 years relevant work experience; and a general knowledge of the financial services industry products, services and operations is required at time of hire. Prior project management or team leader experience is required. Knowledge of project management techniques and tools and direct work experience in project management capacity.Project Manager II – Bachelor's degree in a systems-related or business management field desired; at minimum 6 years relevant work experience; and a thorough knowledge of the financial services industry products, services and operations is required at time of hire. Proven experience in strategic planning, risk management, change management. Proficient in project management software. Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) or Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) required.Must meet all required competencies within a specified timeframe in order to promote to the next levelJob Type: Full-time	11146	Washington
Information Technology Project Manager	US Administration for Children and Families	Washington, DC	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Department of Health And Human Services, Administration for Children and Families,Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR), Division of Unaccompanied Children's Program (DUCP), located in Washington DC, District of Columbia.

*This announcement will remain open for 10 business days OR until the first 100 applications have been received, whichever occurs first*
Responsibilities
Providing support to the Unaccompanied Children's Program (UCP) on the delivery of project management services within ORR.
Managing IT projects that are significantly important to the mission of the UCP.
Coordinating UCP IT systems, ensuring alignment with critical Agency priorities.
Ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems, networks, and data through the planning, analysis, implementation, maintenance, and enhancement of information systems security programs, policies, procedures, and tools.
Working with senior specialists in the development of information systems development and testing strategies, plans, or scenarios.
Assisting in researching and investigating new or improved technology, business, and procurement practices for application to Agency programs or operations.
Travel Required
25% or less - You may be expected to travel up to 25% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Technology Project Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship required
Registered or exempt from Selective Service (www.sss.gov)
If not previously completed, a background security investigation will be required for all appointees. Appointment will be subject to the applicant's successful completion of a background security investigation and favorable adjudication.
One year probationary period may be required
If you are selected for this position, the documentation that you present for purposes of completing the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 will be verified through the DHS ""E-Verify"" System.
All Federal employees are required to have Federal salary payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their choice.
Financial disclosure statement may be required.
Bargaining Unit Position: Yes
Drug Screening Required: No
Research Position: No
Qualifications
Applicants must demonstrate that they meet the Basic AND Specialized Experience requirements as noted below.

Basic Requirement: You must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below:

1. Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
2. Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
3. Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
4. Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

Specialized Experience:
GS-12: You must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-11 level in the Federal service that includes the following:
Applying project management principles, processes and procedures to develop, schedule, coordinate, and manage projects and resources, to include monitoring and inspecting costs, work, and contractor performance
Providing a full range of acquisition, procurement and administrative areas and in procurement and contract policy, rules and regulations to evaluate compliance with rules, regulations and policies
Utilizing the principles, methods, and techniques of IT assessment, planning, management, monitoring, and evaluation, such as IT baseline assessment, interagency functional analysis, contingency planning, and disaster recovery to manage projects
Determining the methods, metrics, tools, and techniques to provide Business Process Reengineering
NOTE(s):
Experience: Your resume must support your claim of experience or you may be found ineligible.
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through national Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to gain employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. If such experience is on a part-time basis, you must provide the average number of hours worked per week as well as the beginning and ending dates of the experience so it can be fully credited.

All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of the announcement.
Education
Education may not be used or combined to qualify for this position.
Additional information
INCENTIVES
Incentives may be authorized; however, this is contingent upon multiple factors, including funds availability. If authorized, certain incentives may require you to sign a service agreement to remain in the Federal government for a period of up to 3 years. Note: This statement does not imply nor guarantee an incentive will be offered and paid. Incentives may include the following: moving expenses, recruitment or relocation incentive; student loan repayment, superior qualifications appointment, creditable service for annual leave for prior non-federal work experience or prior uniformed military service, etc.

In accordance with Executive Order 12564 of September 14, 1986, The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is A Drug-Free Federal Workplace. The use of illegal drugs, on or off duty, by Federal employees is inconsistent not only with the law-abiding behavior expected of all citizens, but also with the special trust placed in such employees as servants of the public.

Reasonable Accommodation: This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please see Agency Contact Information for whom to contact for more info. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. You must contact the HR contact on the vacancy announcement at least three business days before the closing date of this announcement to receive assistance. For more information on disability employment, please visit https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/disability-employment/

Selective Service: Males born after December 31, 1959 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service - http://www.sss.gov

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): For information on how to apply as an ICTAP eligible see http://opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp#ictap. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, displaced Federal employees must be rated at 85.0 or above on the rating criteria for this position.

Political appointment: Beginning January 1, 2010, agencies must seek prior approval from OPM before they can appoint a current or recent political appointee to a competitive or non-political excepted service position at any level under the provisions of title 5, United States Code. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, or Non-career SES employee in the executive branch, you MUST disclose that to the Human Resources Office.

If you are unable to apply online, please go to https://help.usastaffing.gov/Apply/index.php?title=Alternate_Application_Information for more information on our alternate application method.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Additional selections may be made for similar positions across the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) within the local commuting area(s) of the location identified in this announcement. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with interested selecting official(s) at HHS. Clearance of CTAP/ICTAP will be applied for similar positions across HHS.


You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Direct Hire Authority: These positions will be filled through the Office of Personnel Management's Direct Hire Authority. The ""Rule of Three"", Category Rating and Veterans Preference will not apply to this vacancy. For more information on Direct Hire Authority, please see: OPM Direct Hire Fact Sheet.

Veterans: Although the Direct Hire Authority permits hiring without regard to Veterans Preference, applicants who are eligible for Veterans Preference are still encouraged to include that information in their application and submit supporting documentation (i.e. DD-214, or other substantiating documents). View information on veterans' preference.

We will review your resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the minimum qualification requirements. If you are qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview.

To preview the assessment questionnaire, click the following link: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11141821

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
Submission of a resume alone IS NOT a complete application. You must provide a complete online Application Package which includes:

Your Resume must clearly articulate how your skills and experiences align to the criteria defined in the qualifications section of this announcement and it must support your responses to the assessment questionnaire. For each position you must describe your duties, accomplishments, related skills, and responsibilities. Your resume must also include the day, month, and year that you began and ended as well as hours worked per week (if less than 40) for each position held. Full-time employment will be assumed unless otherwise stated on your resume. Part-time employment will be prorated in crediting experience. Not providing this information may result in the lowering of your assessment score or an ineligible rating. For resume writing guidance, please visit the USAJobs Resource Center or view their video tutorial.
A complete Assessment Questionnaire (https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11141821)
Other Supporting Documents: (Only Submit if applicable to you.)
Veterans' Preference documentation:
Discharged Veterans: If you are claiming 5 point preference, you must submit a copy of your DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that supports dates of service and discharge status; if claiming 10 point preference, an application for 10-Point Veterans Preference (SF-15) and an official document dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs or from a branch of the Armed Forces, and/or any other associated documentation based on your preference.
Active Duty Members: Under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to Hire Heroes Act of 2011, if claiming 5 point preference, submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
ICTAP/CTAP Documentation:
A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for failure to relocate, notice of disability annuity termination, or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement;
A copy of your SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'', documenting your RIF separation, noting your positions, grade level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc;
A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and
Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.
You are not required to submit official documents at this time; copies are sufficient.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens through Direct Hire procedures"	11146	Washington
Assistant, Individual Campaigns	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity. We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community. Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Salary: $41,600

Job Description

The Major Gifts and Leadership Campaigns seeks a dynamic self-starter who is energized by learning new skills, managing database projects, and expanding upon a passion for the arts and non-profits. The Assistant, Individual Campaigns assists the Manager of Major Gifts and the Director of Major Gifts and Leadership Campaigns in the planning, coordination, and execution of the Major Gifts Campaign (gifts of $50,000+) and the Kennedy Center International Committee for the Arts. The incumbent also provides administrative support for the Manager of National Advancement on the Kennedy Center’s Presidentially-appointed Board of Trustees and Advisory Committee. This includes critical direct and indirect donor stewardship; strategic donor outreach projects like email communications, acknowledgements, progress reports; research, mailings, benefits fulfillment, and database management. The incumbent manages his/her time, resources, and work load to maximize productivity and financial results; exercises discretion; evaluates complex internal and external relationships; and regularly takes initiative to fulfill department objectives and goals. This position works in tandem with an Assistant Manager of Leadership Campaigns and the Circles team.
Duties and Responsibilities

100% Provide support to the Manager of Major Gifts, Manager of National Advancement, and the Director of Major Gifts and Leadership Campaigns for all tasks surrounding the funding interests of 200+ donors in the Managers’ portfolios, as well as other and high-demand special campaigns, endowment, and events:

Drafting and editing all types of written materials (solicitations, acknowledgments, notes, research briefings, tax receipts, etc.) of varying length and complexity;
Identifying creative and bespoke gifts for donors as they relate to Kennedy Center milestones or personal donor milestones;
Accurately tracking progress, ensuring completion of action items from initial discovery through acquisition, and reporting Fund progress to Managers and Director;
Actively stewarding Major donors and their respective teams through direct contact via phone, email, in-person, and written communication and fulfilling donor benefits;
Managing Major donor ticket requests and pertinent event details for the Kennedy Center Honors, in addition to several other major fundraising events each season;
Working at major events or greeting donors at performances;
Assisting in the development of materials for Committee meetings throughout the year;

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree is preferred, but not required.
Minimum of one year of development or related office experience required.
Working knowledge of the performing arts is preferred.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Professional demeanor with strong interpersonal skills and superior written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent research and analytical skills.
Self-starter with the confidence to work without close supervision, in addition to the ability to work independently on multiple projects simultaneously.
Must possess the openness and flexibility to handle challenging situations calmly and quickly.
Careful attention to detail with an awareness of standard accounting procedures.
Ability to foresee development needs and possesses the openness to work with departments across the institution.
Ability to deftly manage many relationships and personality types - both internal among staff members, and external among constituents.
Experience with Tessitura is preferred, but any exposure to research tools is ideal.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is minimal, however attendance at major fundraising events and performances is required. In those conditions, the noise level is very loud. Travel up to 5% may be required, predominately local.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a matching 403(b) Retirement Plan (employees are eligible for organization match after 1 year of employment)."	11146	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11146	Washington
Strategic Program Manager	Paradyme Management	Washington, DC 20001 (Swampoodle area)	None	"Overview:

Paradyme Management is a rapidly growing government technology leader that puts service first, for its customers, its team and the communities it supports. Paradyme harnesses DevSecOps and Agile development processes to deliver exceptional results for digital transformations. With offices in Greenbelt, MD, and Tysons Corner, VA, Paradyme’s award-winning culture sets it apart through its team’s deep commitment to service and collaboration with its customers, each other and the community. Learn more at www.paradymemanagement.com .
We are seeking a Strategic Program Manager to lead a large software engineering effort supporting Homeland Security (DHS), United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).
Previous experience supporting USCIS is strongly desired.
Must be a US Citizen.
Responsibilities:

The candidate will oversee a program consisting of highly mature DevSecOps teams to accelerate the delivery of a digital system that is replacing a legacy platform and manual processes. The new system will be built with intelligent/automated workflows, and user-focused products and services. This will be a fast paced, multi-vendor environment comprised of business-aligned portfolios that are utilizing Lean-Agile software development best practices and DevSecOps principles to deliver high-quality, secure, and cost-effective digital solutions.
Must have strong experience in high-level executive and stakeholder management, and the effective management of software development projects. Coordinates with customer, business, and technology teams, ascertaining system requirements, such as program functions, output requirements, input data acquisition, and system techniques and controls. Must possess experience in delivering process and business process improvement efforts. Responsible for working with the team in decomposing high-level functional requirements and documenting system and technical requirements for development and testing. Ability to maintain broad situational awareness to mission and mission enablement through technology with understanding of describing trade-offs in prioritization based upon big picture of the ecosystem. Comfortable working in Agile teams, supporting a large IT transformation program, supporting digital transformation and adoption of DevSecOps practices, and working in requirement and design constructs when leveraging domain driven thinking representative of service orientation and microservices.
Provide project management support and team oversight to include documenting and tracking project schedules, managing and monitoring daily tasking on various initiatives, ensuring timely completion of project tasks, and developing reports
Assist with the authoring of life cycle management artifacts, such as business case and systems design documents
Act as a project liaison with external organizations to support coordination of activities, and milestone tracking
Provide requirements analysis; translating and simplifying requirements and coordinating approvals
Prepare and deliver oral presentations for the project team, stakeholders, and sponsors
Provide experienced support to senior level and team focused initiatives
Define requirements for existing and new systems
Review and provide feedback on technical documents
Attend weekly project risk management reviews
EEO Statement:

Paradyme is a federal contractor and an EEO and an Affirmative Action Employer. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy-related disability, physical or mental disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, marital status, familial status, personal appearance, occupation, citizenship, veteran or military status, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law."	11146	Washington
Information Technology Specialist (Project Manager)	US Commodity Futures Trading Commission	Washington, DC	$74,029 - $108,737 a year	"Duties
Summary
The Division of Administration (DA) directs the innovative internal management of the Commission’s business, personnel, financial, technological, security, and strategic operational resources. This position is located in the Project Management Section, Information Technology Branch of the Division of Administration within the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC or Commission).

Responsibilities
If selected for this position, you will assist with all activities associated with project management including: project initiation, project planning, budget formulation and execution, resource allocation and tasking, project scope/goals/deliverables identification, project schedules and timelines, progress assessments, quality reviews, implementation strategies, user communication, staff communication, market research and benefits analysis. Additionally you will;

Perform initial intake of requests for services from the Project Management Section. Participate as a member of a team developing project requirements through stakeholder interviews and demonstrations of business processes and presents draft specifications and/or use cases to the supervisor and/or higher graded staff for discussion. Gather requirements and maintains the requirements traceability matrixes throughout the life of a project.
Draft customer business requirements and clarifies and updates requirements where appropriate. Assist higher graded IT Project Managers creating project artifacts, baselining artifacts, and maintaining project schedules.
Assist in task-oriented resource analysis and makes resource recommendations. Perform market research, assist customers with developing business cases, or identifies alternative solutions that are available within the Commission. This may include determining the level of labor resources and funds needed to successfully execute a project and the preparation of a cost/benefit justification for any recommendation.
Perform verification and validation of products and services. Assist higher graded IT Project Managers in performing quality reviews and assessments of all products and services. This includes maintaining the desired level of quality for all products and services through quality assurance and quality control. Use process documentation and process standards to verify quality and compliance through project audits and process checklists. This also includes quality control through software testing, product inspections, and peer reviews of deliverables.
Analyze business processes, diagram said processes, and make recommendations for improvements in efficiency or outcomes. Review and updates the portfolio management system. Triage the Investment Review Board (IRB) requests, develops meeting minutes, and memorializes decisions from the meeting;
Work with all project teams within the Division of Administration, CFTC management, and project stakeholders to provide communication management plans across all IT related projects.
Assist in creating written material needed to keep project management, CFTC management, and project stakeholders abreast of the project details through management and staff briefings, project plans, risk assessments and other deliverables required for the successful execution of a project.

Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Technology Project Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship
Background/Security Investigation
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency (knowledge, skills and abilities) in the following areas:

Planning and Evaluating - Ability to organize work, set priorities, and determine resource requirements. Ability to determine short- or long-term goals and strategies to achieve them; and skill in coordinating with other organizations or parts of the organization to accomplish goals. Skill in performing work with careful attention to detail and the ability to monitor progress and evaluate outcomes.

Customer Service - Ability to anticipate and meet the needs of customers, deliver high-quality products and service, and exhibit commitment to continuous improvement.

Project Management - Knowledge of the principles, methods, or tools for developing, scheduling, coordinating, and managing projects and resources, including monitoring and inspecting costs, work, and contractor performance. Ability to identify problems; determine accuracy and relevance of information and use sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

Written and Oral Communication - Ability to communicate in a clear, concise and effective manner, both orally and in writing, in order to prepare reports that document analysis, findings, and conclusions.
Qualifications
Basic Requirements:

Individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below. The experience may be demonstrated by paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training (for example, IT certification), as appropriate.

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail;
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services;
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately; and
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

TO QUALIFY AT THE CT-09 LEVEL:

Specialized Experience - Individuals must have at least one year of specialized experience at the CT/GS-07 grade level in the Federal Service. Specialized experience is defined as that through which one has gained knowledge of, and skill in applying IT Project Management principles, methods, and practices, sufficient to:

Perform information technology tasks ensuring continuous and successful system operations;
Perform technical aspects of an IT project as necessary;
Evaluate established methods and procedures and prepare recommendations for changes in methods and practices where appropriate; and
Manage projects conducted by project teams consisting of internal and contract resources, OR

Education - You may substitute education for specialized experience with a Master's (or equivalent graduate degree) or 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree in the following;

Computer science,
Engineering,
Information science,
Information systems management,
Mathematics,
Operations research,
Statistics, or
Technology management or
Degree that provided a minimum of 24 semester hours in one or more of the fields identified above and required the development or adaptation of applications, systems or networks;

You may also qualify for this position using a combination of appropriate specialized experience (as described above) and graduate education that is beyond the first year of progressive graduate study to meet the qualification requirements. You must submit your college transcripts to support your educational claims.
Education
To be creditable, education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university. You must report only attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions that are recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .

SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html
Additional information
Relocation. Relocation expenses will not be paid.

Probationary Period. Must serve a one year probationary period.

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP). The ICTAP provides eligible displaced federal competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your ICTAP eligibility, 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement, and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. To be well qualified, you must score 85 or better on established ranking criteria. You must provide proof of eligibility with your application to receive selection priority. Additional information about ICTAP eligibility is at:
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.ICTAP

Candidates MUST submit:
1. A copy of their agency reduction-in-force notice;
2. A copy of your most recent Performance Rating;
3. A copy of your most recent SF-50 noting current or last position held, the grade level, and the duty location; and
4. A copy of your notice of proposed removal for declining a directed reassignment or transfer of function outside the local
commuting area or documentation showing you were separated as a result of RIF or declining a directed reassignment or
transfer of function outside the local commuting area.

Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP).Provides eligible surplus and displaced competitive service employees in the CFTC with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If CFTC has notified you in writing that you are a surplus or displaced employee eligible for CTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your CTAP eligibility, 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement, and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. To be well qualified, you must rate equivalent to the Well Qualified or better category using established rating criteria. You must provide a copy of your written notification of CTAP eligibility with your application. Additional information about CTAP eligibility is at: http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.

The following links provide information on how you may be eligible for various hiring authorities:

1. VRA - http://federaljobs.net/veterans.htm

2. VEOA - http://opm.gov/staffingPortal/Vetguide.asp

3. 30% or more disabled veteran - http://opm.gov/staffingPortal/Vetguide.asp

4. Persons with disabilities - http://www.opm.gov/DISABILITY/

5. CTAP - http://www.opm.gov/ctap/

6. ICTAP - http://www.opm.gov/ctap/

EEO Policy Statement. The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, age, membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factor.

Reasonable Accommodation. Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application will be evaluated and rated under CFTC Category Rating and Selection Procedures. Your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified for this job, your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your responses on the online assessment questionnaire. If you rate yourself higher than is supported by your application materials, your responses may be adjusted and/or you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Your application will then be placed in one of three categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, or Qualified. Names of all candidates in the best qualified category will be sent to the hiring official for employment consideration. Candidates within the best qualified category who are eligible for veterans preference will receive selection priority over non-veteran preference eligibles.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You must provide a complete Application Package, which includes:

Resume showing relevant experience
Answers to the occupational questionnaire (vacancy announcement questions).

If you are requesting veterans' preference, you must submit (as applicable)

Copy of Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty);
Standard Form (SF) 15, “Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference;
VA Letter

Veterans Preference. If you are entitled to veteran preference, you should indicate the type of veteran preference you are claiming on your resume. In order to verify your veteran preference entitlement, please submit a copy of the Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty); official statement of service from your command if you are currently on active duty; or other official documentation (e.g., documentation of receipt of a campaign badge or expeditionary medal) that shows your military service was performed under honorable conditions.

In addition, if you are a disabled veteran, a Purple Heart recipient, or widow/widower of a veteran, the spouse of a disabled veteran or the natural mother of a disabled or deceased veteran, you must submit a Standard Form (SF) 15, “Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,” and the other required documentation identified on the reverse side of the SF-15 to support your preference claim. Although veteran preference points are not assigned under the category rating procedures described under “How You Will Be Evaluated,” veteran preference eligibles are listed ahead of non-veterans within each category for which they are qualified. In addition, qualified veterans with a compensable service-disconnected disability of 10% or more are placed at the top of the highest quality category (i.e., Best Qualified).
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
We will accept applications from all US Citizens."	11146	Washington
Front Desk Agent	Hilton Garden Inn Washington DC/U.S. Capitol	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Fantastic opportunity to be part of a Hilton Garden Inn TEAM!
Summary
The Guest Service Agent is responsible for driving a positive guest service and TEAM culture through Front Desk operations. The hotel is located in the heart of DC/NOMA with clientele that includes families, students, business travelers and sports groups. It's an amazing time to be part of this TEAM.
What you will be doing
Welcome guest upon arrival and check-in according to established standards and procedures.
Handle all keys, mail, telephone, messages, and other items for guests as requested.
Provide information and to assist all guests
Provide courteous and efficient service and if possible to comply with each and every guest request.
Take reservations at the counter when the reservation department is closed.
Assign room and prepare keys for all arriving guests and groups.
Maintain excellent guest relations with in house guests at all times.
Post all charges without delay and update the folios.
Balance credit cards, charges, and cash.
Project a courteous and hospitable attitude at all times.
Be familiar with all room types, and rates in the hotel and upsell.
Handle guest complaints promptly.
Know guest room security, emergency, and fire procedures.
Be familiar with hotel facilities as well as major city attractions and provide guests with information when requested.
Keep Personal Grooming at the highest standard.
Follow Hilton hotel's cleanliness and sanitation practices and requirements.
Where this job could take you
Hilton Garden Inn is part of the Hilton Worldwide family of brands, one of the largest hotel companies in the world.
High opportunity for advancement through the company's Management Development Program - an extensive course that focuses on associate career growth.
Benefits
Hilton Worldwide Team Member Travel - A leading friends & family travel program is available
Benefits include Vacation, Medical, Dental, 401k Options
Competitive advancement opportunities
TEAM Values
The hotel values a LOU attitude, where an employee is encouraged to Lead, take Ownership, and deal with situations of all kinds with a sense of urgency. While this document describes the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job, we encourage and expect our team to go above and beyond the minimum standards at all times to show concern and care for the guest, co-workers and managers. The hotel believes in a culture where team members help each other, and work together in an environment where the most important task is providing exceptional service to guests, at all times."	11146	Washington
Installation Project Manager (DC)	Datawatch Systems, Inc	Bethesda, MD 20814 (Bethesda Center area)	None	"Overview:

Datawatch Systems, Inc. is accepting applications for a full-time Installation Project Manager to work in our DC location. The available position schedule is Monday through Friday. Overtime and advancement opportunities are available. All applicants applying for a position at Datawatch Systems must be willing to submit to a pre-employment drug screening and criminal background check. E/O/E/M/F/V/D
Responsibilities:
Must display excellent attention to detail.
Must be highly organized and able to manage multiple priorities and projects at once.
Must possess excellent interpersonal communication skills with employees and clients, both verbally and in writing.
Must have a solid technical knowledge base.
Knowledge of Windows is required, as well as the ability to quickly learn additional software tools.
Must be reliable and possess a strong sense of urgency
Must be able to work successfully in a team-oriented environment
Must have reliable transportation
As part of a 24/7/365 day environment, it is crucial that employees be reliable and have flexible scheduling availability - occasional holidays are required."	11146	Washington
Diversity and Inclusion Program Manager	US Food and Drug Administration	Silver Spring, MD	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) assures that patients and providers have timely and continued access to safe, effective, and high-quality medical devices and safe radiation-emitting products. CDRH facilitates medical devices innovation by advancing regulatory science, providing industry with predictable, consistent, transparent, and efficient regulatory pathways, and assuring consumer confidence in devices marketed in the U.S.
Responsibilities
This position(s) is located in the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Center for Devices and Radiological Heath (CDRH), Office of Management (OM), Planning and Program Analysis Staff (PPAS), in Silver Spring, Maryland.
This position(s) is located in the FDA, CDRH, OM, PPAS, in Silver Spring, Maryland.
PPAS provides program and project management support and coordination for Center-wide and OM administrative initiatives.
As a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Program Manager, you will be responsible for the design, development, implementation of these programs;
Oversee the CDRH Inclusion Council, providing advice and consultation to senior executives and other leaders on matters relating to employee diversity, equity and inclusion;
Collaborate and establish partnerships within an organization to implement actionable insights;
Research and integrate employee diversity, inclusion and equity best practices into program plans and;
Lastly, ensure all employee diversity, inclusion and equity activities are implemented, tracked, and evaluated.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Development Managers
Managers, All Other
Managers, Development
Managers, Training
Training Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Citizenship Requirement: You must be a U.S. Citizen to be considered for this advertisement unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Selective Service Registration: All applicants born male, on (or after) 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service System OR have an approved exemption. Visit www.SSS.gov for more info.
FDA participates in e-Verify: All new hires must complete the I-9 form; this information will be processed through e-Verify to determine your employment eligibility. If a discrepancy arises, you must take affirmative steps to resolve the matter.
Background Investigation Requirement: All employees must pass a security investigation. Failing to pass the background check may be grounds for removal or legal action. If hired, you may be subject to additional investigations at a later time.
Time-in-Grade Requirement: If you are applying as a current Federal employee, you must meet the time-in-grade requirements described in the Qualifications section, generally, 52-weeks of comparable experience at the next lowest grade.
You must meet ALL requirements by the closing date of this announcement to be considered. Only education, experience, and qualifications attained by this date will be considered. You must continue to meet all requirements through the hiring process.
Certification of Accuracy: All information concerning eligibility and qualification is subject to investigation and verification. False representation may be grounds for non-consideration, non-selection, or appropriate legal action.
Direct Deposit: You will be required to have all federal salary payments electronically deposited into a bank account with a financial institution of your choice.
Additional selections may be made from this vacancy, within the same geographical area, by other organizational elements from within FDA, through shared corporate recruiting activities.
Qualifications
The position of Diversity and Inclusion Program Manager falls under the 0301 occupational series. To qualify for this position at grade GS-14, you must meet Time-in-Grade requirements by 11:59 pm EST on 06/30/2021.

You must have one year (52 weeks) of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service. This experience includes:

Leading the strategic design and implementation of a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion program;

Analyzing data on diversity, equity, and inclusion and recommending strategies for continuous program improvement; and/or

Designing and implementing diversity, equity and inclusion infrastructure to include tools, templates, databases, technology solutions.

Time-in-Grade: Any individual who is currently holding, or has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet time-in-grade requirements (must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade or equivalent in the Federal service). Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

In accordance with Office of Personnel Management policy, federal employees are assumed to have gained experience by performing duties and responsibilities appropriate for their official series and grade level as described in their position description. Experience that would not normally be part of the employee's position is creditable, however, when documented by satisfactory evidence, such as a signed memorandum from the employee's supervisor or an SF-50 or SF-52 documenting an official detail or other official assignment. The documentation must indicate whether the duties were performed full time or, if part time, the percentage of times the other duties were performed. It is expected that this documentation is included in the employee's official personnel record. In order to receive credit for experience in your resume that is not within the official series and grade level of your official position, you must provide a copy of the appropriate documentation of such experience as indicated above.

If you are applying based on some other qualifying eligibility (i.e. you are not applying as a current Federal employee), you must meet the specific requirements of the eligibility you are claiming, and must have sufficient past experience to demonstrate that you are minimally qualified for this position. See Unique Hiring Paths on USAJOBS for more information about various ways you may be eligible to apply!

PHS Commissioned Corps Officers interested in performing the duties of this position within the Commissioned Corps may apply online to this announcement. Candidates will be referred to (CC) personnel and not as candidates for conversion to a permanent career or career-conditional appointment.

NOTE: It is your responsibility to ensure your responses and appropriate documentation is submitted prior to the closing date. To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, https://my.usajobs.gov/Account/Login, select the Application Status link and then select the More Information link for this position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent related to this application.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. Qualifications are based on breadth/level of experience. In addition to describing duties performed, applicants must provide the exact dates of each period of employment (from MM/YY to MM/YY) and the number of hours worked per week if part time. As qualification determinations cannot be made when resumes do not include the required information, failure to provide this information may result in disqualification. Applicants are encouraged to use the USAJOBS Resume Builder to develop their federal resume.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

You must submit supporting documentation to verify your eligibility to apply for this vacancy. For most applicants, an SF-50 will be required. However, if you are applying as a Veteran, individual with a qualifying disability, or a displaced employee, you will be required to provide other supporting documents as applicable. See the Required Documents section for details.

Be sure that any files you upload as supporting documentation are free of security or compression features which render such documents unreadable to our system.
Education
Education is not qualifying for this position.
Additional information
For some advertisements, the Food & Drug Administration receives hundreds, even thousands, of applications from job-seekers. Because of this high level of interest, FDA reserves the option of setting an application number limit.

When an application limit is set, USAJOBS will close the vacancy at 11:59 pm Eastern Time on either:
(A) the day the limit is reached, -OR-

(B) the pre-defined closing date of , whichever comes first.
If the limit is reached before 11:59 pm ET, all applications in excess of the limit will continue to be accepted until 11:59 pm ET.
The application limit for this advertisement, if applicable, is: there is no limit
For more information about announcement closing, see: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/faq/job-announcement/expiration/

ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT THAT MAY BE REQUIRED

Pre-employment physical: no

Drug testing: no
License: no
Mobility agreement: no
Immunization: no
Bargaining Unit Position: no
If you are serving, or have served in the last 5 years (from ) as an Executive Branch political, Schedule C, or Non-career SES appointee, HHS/FDA may be required to obtain approval by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) prior to beginning employment. You can find out if you have held one of these appointment types by looking at your Standard Form 50s in your Electronic Official Personnel Folder (eOPF), in Section 5 where the legal authorities are listed. If you have served or are currently serving, you must provide a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, documenting this appointment. In addition, you will be required to respond to the question in the assessment and certify your responses to the questionnaire. Political Appointees FAQ - OPM
Special Appointing Authorities: If you are applying to this announcement based a special eligibility, such as those for people with disabilities, veterans (or military spouses), or displaced employees under a career transition program, please pay careful attention to the Required Documents section for details on application requirements for each eligibility path, to include supporting document requirements.
All requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement ( ); only education and experience gained by this date will be considered. You must continue to meet all requirements throughout the entire hiring process.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the job opportunity announcement closes (at 11:59 pm EST on06/30/2021 ), a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be conducted, the information will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your eligibility for Federal employment, and then whether you are qualified for this particular position.

If you are referred to the hiring manager for consideration, you may be further evaluated based on an interview; review of requested work samples, writing samples, most recent performance evaluation(s), or professional references; or results of an oral presentation or work-related test. Failure to comply with any of the additional assessment requirements will result in removal from further consideration. These assessment methods/tools may also be listed under Key Requirements.

If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your responses when compared to your background information, you may be deemed ineligible, or your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your skills and abilities. Additionally, we will review your supporting documents and resume to determine if you are in the ""Area of Consideration"" for this vacancy. Government-Wide Merit Promotion vacancies may only accept applications from a limited audience, pay careful attention to the ""Who May Apply"" and the ""Hiring Paths"" information. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

Basis of Rating: Merit Promotion Procedures for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will be used to rate and rank candidates. The category assignment is a measure of the degree in which your background matches the competencies required for this position. Qualified candidates will be ranked into one of three categories: Best Qualified, Well-Qualified or Qualified.

Interagency / Career Transition Assistance Program (I/CTAP):Well-Qualified is defined as an applicant who meets the qualification standards and eligibility requirements for the position, including minimum educational and experience requirements; any qualifications and suitability; is able to perform the essential duties of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation; meets any applicable selective placement factors for the position (such as the ability to speak a specific language or any other factor required immediately upon hire); and is able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, surplus or displaced Federal employees must be rated at 85.0 or above on the rating criteria for this position. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics). You need not respond to the KSA's separately, but your resume should contain sufficient information to demonstrate possession of these competencies.

Program Management
Project Management
Collaboration and Partnering
To preview the application questionnaire, click the link below
https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11137359

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

Resume
Resume Requirements:
Resume Writing Tutorial
Resume Writing FAQ
ACCEPTED DOCUMENTS:
Cover Letter
DD-214/ Statement of Service
Disability Letter (Schedule A)
Disability Letter (VA)
License
Other supporting documentation not listed above
PCS Orders
Performance Appraisal
Professional Certification
Resume
Separation Notice (RIF)
SF-15
SF-50/ Notification of Personnel Action
Transcript
*Accepted documents may be required for some applicants depending on which eligibility options you're applying for, see the list below for details for each eligibility. If you need help submitting documentation, please see Applicant Help Site - Documents. If you are still unsure what documents might be required of you, please contact the FDA Applicant Help Desk before the announcement closes. For transcript submission requirements, see the Education section.

Current and Former Federal Employees:

To properly verify eligibility and time-in-grade, you must submit the following:
SF-50 from your most recent Promotion, Within Rate/Grade Increase (WRI/WGI), Appointment, or Separation showing you are/were in the competitive service and the highest grade or promotion potential held. SF-50 submitted cannot be an annual pay adjustment or award.
Your SF-50 must show the following information:
Full position title;
Appointment type;
Pay Plan, Series, Grade & Step;
Tenure code; and
Service Computation Date (SCD).
Learn more on the USAJOBS SF-50 Help Page.

Veterans & Military Spouses:
You must submit a DD-214 form (Certificate of Release or Discharge) that has the dates of service and discharge status.
Active Duty Members: To claim status Under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to hire Heroes Act of 2011, submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
Parents of Deceased or Disabled Veterans: To claim status under Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Widow or Widower: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Spouse of a Living Veteran: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference, and Documentation of Veteran's Inability to Work Because of a Service-Connected Disability. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
See Feds Hire Vets or USAJOBS' Veterans page for more details.

People with Disabilities (Schedule A):
Individuals with intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities, may apply for appointment through the Schedule A hiring authority. Certified verification of a disability from a licensed medical professional; a licensed vocational rehabilitation specialist; or any Federal, state, or District of Columbia agency or U.S. territory that issues or provides disability benefits will be required. Learn more on the USAJOBS Individuals with Disabilities Site.

Displaced employees:
If you are a former Federal employee who was displaced due to a Reduction-in-Force (RIF) or surplused by some other means, please submit a copy of the separation letter or RIF notice from your agency. To be selected under I/CTAP, you must still be found well-qualified for this position. See the How You Will Be Evaluated section for the agency's definition of well-qualified. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Federal career or career-conditional employees in the competitive service; former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility; displaced Federal employees requesting special priority selection consideration under CTAP and ICTAP; veterans eligible under VEOA and military spouses; PHS Commissioned Corps Officers; individuals with disabilities; individuals eligible under special authorities; family of overseas employees; and land and base management employees are eligible to apply."	11146	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER (APPLICATIONS SOFTWARE)	US HQDA Field Operating Agencies and Staff Support...	Fort Belvoir, VA	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
About the Position: THIS POSITION IS WITH HQDA, US ARMY LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIVISION LOCATED AT FORT BELVOIR, VIRGINIA
Responsibilities
Serve as a Project Officer in the Information Technology Division (ITD), responsible for managing the coordination and accomplishment of the planning, scope, development, design, construction, and direction of minor/major (IT) projects.
Receive, review, and analyze project/program assignments.
Coordinate with system owners and internal agencies and industry specialists to obtain and exchange information, and develop recommendations for project management decision.
Plans and conducts functional technical activities for projects/programs.
Develop all reports, briefings, and status of assigned projects/programs.
Adapts existing plans and techniques to accomplish complex projects/programs.
Leads and or conducts meetings, briefings, and other tasks.
Advises management on any required policy/procedural changes.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel UP TO 5% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Appointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Qualifications
Who May Apply: Only applicants who meet one of the employment authority categories below are eligible to apply for this job. You will be asked to identify which category or categories you meet, and to provide documents which prove you meet the category or categories you selected. See Proof of Eligibility for an extensive list of document requirements for all employment authorities.

30 Percent or More Disabled Veterans
Current Department of Army Civilian Employees
Current Permanent Department of Defense (DOD) Civilian Employee (non-Army)
Domestic Defense Industrial Base/Major Range and Test Facilities Base Civilian Personnel Workforce
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act
Military Spouses, under Executive Order (E.O.) 13473
Non-Appropriated Fund Instrumentality (NAFI)
Non-Department of Defense (DoD) Transfer
Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Interchange Agreement Eligible
People with Disabilities, Schedule A
Priority Placement Program, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) Eligible
Reinstatement
Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) of 1998

In order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Additional information about transcripts is in this document.

BASIC REQUIREMENT FOR IT PROJECT MANAGER (APPLICATIONS SOFTWARE):
Specialized and Other Experience: I have one year of specialized experience which includes; Plan and execute technical activities for projects and/or programs; develop and/or coordinate with system owners/internal agencies to share information to facilitate effective project management decisions; and effectively manage coordination and completion of IT project from inception to delivery.

This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the next lower grade/level position in the federal service GS-11.

The specialized experience must include, or be supplemented by, information technology related experience (paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training, as appropriate) which demonstrates each of the four competencies, as defined:

(1) Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: leading others by setting the standards for the quality of work, even in the most difficult and/or high pressure circumstances; reviewing and editing work completed by others to ensure that the quality of work meets acceptable work standards.

(2) Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: using expertise and experience to address complex problems, questions, or complaints; anticipating customer needs and modify the team's work activities, processes, and practices to meet these needs; collaborating across team and outside of own team to organize planning sessions that elicit ideas for improving customer service and support.

(3) Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: clearly explaining and defending complex ideas, appropriately adapting to each audience's level of knowledge; actively listening and clarifying points when presenting highly complex and controversial findings; using well-constructed, fact-based arguments to persuade stakeholders/officials to take action on suggestions for improvement.

(4) Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: providing precedent setting solutions to unique problems not previously encountered; helping team make decisions which are complicated by the number and nature of existing policy, guidelines, and organizational goals; identifying the root causes of problems; developing systemic solutions to address them and prevent them from reoccurring.

You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas:

Information Resources Strategy and Planning
Planning and Evaluating
Project Management

Time in Grade Requirement: Applicants who have held a General Schedule (GS) position within the last 52 weeks must have 52 weeks of Federal service at the next lower grade or equivalent (GS-11).
Education
** Some federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required experience in order to qualify. For this job, you must meet the qualification requirement using experience alone-no substitution of education for experience is permitted.
Additional information
Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration.
You will be required to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Direct deposit of pay is required.
Selection is subject to restrictions resulting from Department of Defense referral system for displaced employees.
If you have retired from federal service and you are interested in employment as a reemployed annuitant, see the information in the Reemployed Annuitant information sheet.
This is a Career Program (CP) 34 - Information Technology/Cyber Management position.
You may claim military spouse preference (MSP).
If a MSP applicant is determined best qualified and selected, placement must be at the full performance level for priority consideration.
Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement.
Salary includes applicable locality pay or Local Market Supplement.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Payment of Permanent Change of Station (PCS) costs is NOT authorized, based on a determination that a PCS move is not in the Government interest.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the announcement has closed, a review of your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified, your résumé and supporting documentation will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your level of experience. If, after reviewing your résumé and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying, errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP). If you are a Federal employee in the competitive service and your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority for this position. To receive selection priority, you must: (1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria (2) be rated well-qualified for the position and; (3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. To be considered well-qualified and receive selection priority applicants must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a score of 90 or above. Additional information about the program is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). Please review the following links to see which documents you need to provide to prove your eligibility to apply: Applicant Merit Checklist and Proof of Eligibility.

As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.


1. Your resume:

Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy.
For qualifications determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., HRS per week and month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as incomplete and you may not receive consideration for this position.
For additional information see: What to include in your resume.
2. Other supporting documents:
Cover Letter, optional
Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable
Proof of Eligibility to Apply: Your application must include the documents which prove you are eligible to apply for the vacancy. The Proof of Eligibility document describes authorities commonly used in merit promotion recruitment and what document(s) are required to prove you meet the requirements of the authority. You must meet the requirements of at least one of the authorities listed in the Who May Apply section above to receive further consideration.
Time-in-grade documentation: If you are applying for a higher grade and your SF-50 has an effective date within the past year, it may not clearly demonstrate you meet the one year time-in-grade requirement so you will need to provide an SF-50 which clearly demonstrates you meet the time-in-grade requirements (examples of appropriate SF-50s include Promotions, Within-grade Grade/Range Increases, and SF-50s with an effective date more than one year old).
NOTE: Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove another person's personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
See ""Who May Apply"" in the ""Qualifications"" section for more information on who is eligible to apply for this position."	11146	Washington
Contracts Manager	VariQ Corporation	Rockville, MD	None	"Overview:

VariQ has an opportunity for a Contracts Manager in Rockville, MD. This is a full-time position at VariQ and will start immediately.
Additional Information:
Location: VariQ office in Rockville, MD/Remote
Salary: Dependent upon experience
Security Clearance: None
Available: ASAP
Responsibilities:
Manage the Federal purchasing process in accordance with FAR/DFAR regulations and CPSR requirements, ensuring that all requirements for an Approved Government Purchasing System are managed and maintained and support each step as required including acquisition planning, RFPs/RFQs to suppliers, source selection, price analysis, technical evaluations, purchase requisitions, subcontract agreement negotiations and finalization, purchase order management and closeouts
Manage federal, state, local government, and commercial contracts, including IDIQ contract management
Work with internal departments and subcontractors to ensure that all contractual deliverables are met and obligations are complied with, including FAR, DFAR, and other regulations related to federal acquisition
Draft, review, and revise a variety of contracts with customers including (but not limited to), subcontracts, consulting agreements, teaming agreements, and NDAs
Ensure the organization's internal contract documents and records are accurate and well maintained to CPSR requirements
Ensure contractual compliance, FAR and DFAR requirements and deliverables are accurately recorded and tracked to delivery
Provide support to Business Development in ensuring timely processing of non-disclosure, teaming, and other agreements with partners
Meet with customers to discuss both contractual, legal, and business matters
Provide advice and guidance to the different teams relating to contract generation
Maintain excellent working relationships with clients to ensure their needs are understood and met
Create, prepare, review, and edit all contracts
Provide support, assistance, and advice on new potential businesses opportunities and throughout the procurement process
Identify opportunities to improve business processes and devise plans to implement these changes
Qualifications:
Excellent Communication skills, both verbal and written. Must be comfortable communicating with clients and suppliers in a professional and timely manner
Exemplify a strong attention to detail
Possesses superior organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects with short and/or shifting deadlines
Comfortable working as part of a multidimensional team and supporting multiple departments within the organization in order to help achieve overall success
Demonstrate a solid understanding of legal terminology and the ability to draft and review contracts of all types including (but not limited to), subcontracts, consulting agreements, teaming agreements and NDAs
Solid grasp of FAR and DFAR requirements as it relates to federal prime contract and subcontract management
Must have strong computer skills and knowledge of common programs such as Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint, and Adobe Acrobat
Previous experience working with contract regulations and the related laws
Capable of professionally managing confidential information
Exemplify creative problem-solving abilities
OTHER DUTIES
This job description is not designed to cover a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities are subject to change at any time. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these functions.
While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, sit, and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate.
NOTE
All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.
VariQ is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected class. We consider diversity and inclusiveness to be core to our culture, and central to our commitment to fostering an empowering and supportive workplace."	11146	Washington
Project Manager	Columbus Technologies	Bethesda, MD 20892	None	"Overview:

Roles and responsibilities
Must be authorized to work in the United States
W2 with full benefits
Some travel may be required
Offer contingent on ability to successfully pass a background check and drug screen
Columbus Technologies and Services Inc. is a strategic supplier and business partner to the federal government and its key suppliers. Through our partnership with the National Institutes of Health, Columbus offers administrative, IT, engineering, scientific, and healthcare professionals the opportunity to work with one of the most prestigious research organizations in the world. We are currently seeking a Project Manager to work onsite with the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, MD
This is a long-term position which offers:
Competitive salaryTremendous growth opportunityOpportunity to work at NIH, the world's foremost medical research centerLearn more about what Columbus can do for you at www.columbususa.com
Responsibilities:

Job Description:Serve as Project Manager under the Division of Services and Intervention Research, Office of the Director (DSIR OD).Monitor projects within DSIR; provide progress reports, analyses and deadline management to DSIR OD in the areas of portfolio analysis, grants monitoring, program checklists.Prepare analyses and reports on administrative activities, including budget, procurement, travel and staffing.Set up and maintain spreadsheets for executive analysis and summary.Work with NIMH staff to assist or conduct management and administrative analysis; evaluate procedures, policies, processes and systems for the purpose of improving efficiency.Provide project management for DSIR initiatives; track action items, tasks and progress; provide deadline reminders to Program staff; maintain spreadsheets of relevant information.Maintain and implement the schedule of activities for tri annual Council activities and liaison with the Division of Extramural Activities Council Office: establish and disseminate the timeline for pre Council meeting and submission of materials to the Council Office, provide reminders to staff, and collect materials for review by the DSIR OD and submission to the Council Office.
Assist the DSIR OD with preparation, monitoring, and approval of the pay plan for the slate of to be funded applications each Council round: monitor and track potentially fundable projects, establish the draft pay plan, monitor the Division’s cumulative funding balance, coordinate with Program Staff to track proposed funding levels for to be awarded projects, coordinate with Grants Management and the Budget Office to establish the official pay plan, and enter funding notes and preliminary approvals in the electronic pay plan system.
Provide Project Management support for a variety of workshops, meetings, conferences and related travel, including virtual meetings: track and coordinate logistics with the NIMH Office of Management, NIMH Office of Science Policy, Plan and Communications, and meeting planning contractors; coordinate meeting planning activities, including scheduling planning calls, preparing and distributing agendas and meeting materials, and obtaining necessary clearance and approvals.Initiate and track the status of cross agency collaborations; work with staff on the preparation, submission and monitoring of Memoranda of Understanding and Interagency Agreements.Develop and maintain procedures and systems for monitoring Division’s /Program Staff’s outreach and communication with applicants and grantees, including outreach through targeted funding announcements and presentations at conferences and meetings, and post review follow up communication with applicants.
Collaborate with staff to conduct analysis of NIH studies and NIMH grant portfolios; prepare summaries and graphics of findings for reports; retrieve data related to the review and administration of extramural grants from NIH and NIMH grants databases.Work with Program staff to perform scientific literature searches.Prepare briefing documents; gather, organize and summarize selected information; prepare presentation materials such as tables, graphs and PowerPoint presentations.
Qualifications:

Required Skills:Master’s degree in a related discipline; two (2) years of specialized experience plus a Bachelor’s degree is equivalent to a Master’s degree.Minimum of seven (7) years of experience in project management/coordination.Expertise in Microsoft Office Suite (MS Word, Excel, Outlook, Access, PowerPoint), including advanced skill with Excel and Access (e.g., use of formulas; creation and manipulation of pivot tables, graphs/charts, etc).Strong written and oral communications skills.Excellent analytical, organizational and time management skills.
Familiarity with NIH applications (e.g., eRA modules, IMPACII, ITAS) is preferred."	11146	Washington
Project Manager	TekSynap	Arlington, VA	None	"Overview:

We are seeking a Project Manager to join our team supporting the Defense Information Systems Agency's requirement for the Financial Accounting Management Information Systems - Working Capital Fund (FAMIS-WCF) Sustainment and Enhancement task order.
Brief description of program
The scope of the FAMIS-WCF Sustainment and Enhancement effort is for the contractor to provide an operation and sustainment support plan as well as provide development support for the life of the task order. Changes to laws, directives, and guidelines mandated by congress, DOD, or Dept of Treasury have a direct impact on the functionality requirements of the FAMIS- WCF. Over the life of this task order, the Government expects new mandates will require additional enhancements to the FAMIS- WCF solution. DISA must comply with these mandates when they are issued and this task order will include support for such enhancements.
TekSynap is a fast growing high-tech company that understands both the pace of technology today and the need to have a comprehensive well planned information management environment. “Technology moving at the speed of thought” embodies these principles – the need to nimbly utilize the best that information technology offers to meet the business needs of our Federal Government customers.
We offer our full-time employees a competitive benefits package to include health, dental, vision, 401K, life insurance, short-term and long-term disability plans, vacation time and holidays.
Visit us at www.TekSynap.com.
Apply now to explore jobs with us!
Responsibilities & Qualifications:

RESPONSIBILITIES
The Project Manager is responsible for all aspects of the coordination, delegation and supervision supporting the following four (4) capability areas: Sustainment of an Oracle E-Business Suite based Financial Management System; DoD Financial Management Systems; developing and implementing on the Oracle E-Business Suite; and Laws, Directives, Policies, and Guidelines as mandated by Congress, DoD or Department of Treasury
This position leads the team on large projects or a significant segment of large complex projects
The successful candidate analyzes new and multi-faceted project related issues and creates innovative solutions involving finance, scheduling, technology, methodology and tools.
REQUIREMENTS
A minimum of eight years of project management experience
Bachelor's degree in a relevant field
Must have experience with the Oracle ERP system
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Working knowledge of computer hardware/software fundamentals is essential
Must have demonstrated ability to author and write documents, process diagrams, SOPs, etc.
An active DoD Secret security clearance is required to start
While PMP (Project Management Professional) certification is not required, it is highly desirable
Additional Job Information:

COMPETENCIES
Establish Focus
Change Management
Develop Others
Oral Communication
Written Communication
Interpersonal Awareness
Build Relationships
Analytical Thinking
Conceptual Thinking
Strategic Thinking
Technical Expertise
Initiative
Foster Innovation
Results Oriented
Teamwork
Customer Service
WORK ENVIRONMENT AND PHYSICAL DEMANDS
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Location: Arlington, VA
Type of environment: Office
Noise level: Medium
Work schedule: Schedule is day shift Monday – Friday. May be requested to work evenings and weekends to meet program and contract needs.
Amount of Travel: 10%
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to handle, feel, touch; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee is regularly required to lift up to 10 pounds. The employee is frequently required to lift up to 25 pounds; and up to 50 pounds. The vision requirements include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
WORK AUTHORIZATION/SECURITY CLEARANCE
Citizenship: United States
Clearance requirement: Secret
OTHER DUTIES
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. TekSynap does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law (referred to as “protected status”). This nondiscrimination policy extends to all terms, conditions, and privileges of employment as well as the use of all company facilities, participation in all company-sponsored activities, and all employment actions such as promotions, compensation, benefits, and termination of employment."	11146	Washington
Store Readiness Specialist -DC/MD Metro	7-Eleven, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:
 Who we are
Imagine working in a place where continuous improvement and innovation is celebrated and rewarded; where fast-paced, high-impact teams come together to positively drive results for one of the largest & most iconic brands in the world.
As the only rapidly growing retailer, you may know us as your friendly neighborhood store. You probably know our familiar name, have seen our pervasive logo, and have tried our highly sought-after products, such as Slurpee® and Big Bite®. “Brain Freeze” is a 7-Eleven registered trademark for our 53-year old Slurpee® and with over 71,100 stores globally (more than any other retailer or food service provider), we sell over 14 million a month.
But there’s a lot more to our story and much more left to be written. We are transforming our business, ensuring we are customer obsessed and digitally enabled to seamlessly link our brick and mortar stores with digital products and services.
At 7-Eleven the entrepreneurial spirit is in our DNA and has been ever since our inception 90+ years ago. It’s what drove us to invent the convenience industry in 1927 by envisioning how a simple ice dock could provide household staples such as milk and eggs to better serve the needs of our customers.
Today we are redefining convenience and the customer experience in big ways...we are fundamentally changing our culture and we want talented, innovative, customer obsessed, and entrepreneurial people like you to come make history with us.
 How we lead
At 7-Eleven we are guided by our Leadership Principles.
Be Customer Obsessed
Be Courageous with Your Point of View
Challenge the Status Quo
Act Like an Entrepreneur
Have an “It Can Be Done” Attitude
Do the Right Thing
Be Accountable
Each principle has a defined set of behaviors which help guide the 7-Eleven team to Serve Customers and Support Stores.
 About This Opportunity
Responsibilities:

Manage Store Readiness activities involved with New Store Openings, Franchise Changeovers, Store Remodels, Acquisition Transitions/Openings, Closures, and other projects as determined by the Store Readiness Manager.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Execute the Store Readiness process, including the management of direct reports, team members or third-party resources. Projects include New Store Openings, Franchise Changeovers, Store Remodels, Acquisition Transitions/Openings, Store Closures, and other projects. Analyze current product assortment with national schematics and regional items and programs to tailor the product assortment to the local store. Communicate, coordinate, and verify efforts with key stakeholders associated with noted activities, to include Market Managers, Field Consultants, SSC, Field Sales Merchandisers, Development Teams, and other Zone Staff. Ability to coach Operations team members (MMT/FCT) during their Store Readiness Training phase (SRA). Must possess the ability to properly plan and fiscally execute all activities responsibly. Other duties may be assigned by the Store Readiness Manager.
Qualifications:
Education/Training: Any license as required by location.
Experience: 3+ years in retail, grocery, or food management, service or sales.
Possess strong facilitating and organizational skills.
Able to analyze, use and explain specific, logical, and detailed processes.
Requires excellent written and verbal skills that clearly communicate the 7-Eleven Leadership Principles.
Weekend, evening, and holiday work will be required. Personal Time Off (PTO) is very fluid, dependent on contractor, vendor and service provider activities. Exceptional schedule management is critical. Ability to travel (50%) with multiple overnight stays is required.
Thorough knowledge of Store Operation, including financial management, merchandising, store reports, human resources, etc. is helpful.
Physical Requirements:
Kneeling, Stooping, Walking, Standing, Bending, Repetitive Motion. Floor to waist requirements: 20-25 lbs., Waist to Shoulder Requirements: 20-25 lbs., Overhead Lifting not required, Carry 20 feet requirements: 20-25 lbs."	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager, Lead	Booz Allen Hamilton	Washington, DC	None	"Key Role:
Manage consulting engagements and technology-based Information Technology (IT) solution projects for clients. Apply leading-edge principles, theories, and concepts; contributes to the development of new principles and concepts. Manage unusually complex problems and provides highly innovative solutions. Operate with substantial latitude for unreviewed action or decision. Mentor employees in both firm and technical competencies.
Basic Qualifications:
Experience in Project Management (PM)
Experience with managing large-scale development efforts involving at least 15 developers
Experience with using PM software solutions, including Jira or YouTrack
Experience with Agile
Ability to obtain a security clearance
BA or BS Degree
Additional Qualifications:
Certified ScrumMaster or Certified Agile Coach
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	11146	Washington
PMO Project Manager	NetImpact Strategies Inc.	Rockville, MD 20850	None	"Job Description:

We have an opportunity for a PMO Project Manager to join our talented professional services team in Rockville, MD. The successful candidate will work with customers as a member of our engagement team to support the Project Management needs of a federal client focused on various IT Engineering projects and initiatives. The candidate will be helping Chief Engineer with overall coordination and project management, stakeholders and communications management, vendor management as well as assisting with several strategic initiatives.
Typical responsibilities include:
Tracking high priority initiatives and identifying obstacles.
Communicating initiatives status with inputs from several project teams
Acting as a gate keeper for federal program manager – assessing all inquiries, vetting requests for time and routing requests as appropriate and determining meeting priorities
Connecting and/or managing teams that are working on similar initiative from multiple areas within the organization
Designing and executing Communication Strategy that includes drafting presentations, vetting speaking opportunities and interview requests from external sources
Serving as a trusted advisor for Chief Engineer - Attending meetings, making decisions (when appropriate) and managing critical relationships in lieu of Chief Engineer
Identifying and managing ad hoc strategic projects
Defining and researching new ideas and engineering opportunities
Providing decision support through data gathering, information analysis and presenting considerations to relevant stakeholders
Qualifications:

Required skills:
PMP or 8+ years of demonstrable experience in a similar role
Must be able to obtain and maintain government eligibility requirements
Strong customer service and interpersonal skills
Demonstrated project management/coordination, technical aptitude, superior presentation and communication skills
Developed problem solving and analytical skills
Strong familiarity with project management software tools, methodologies and best practices
Desired skills:
Familiarity with IT Software Development life cycle (SDLC)
Certification in Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL)
Certified as Project Management Professional (PMP)
About Us:

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019 & 2020!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US
NetImpact Strategies Inc. (NetImpact) has been a Trusted Advisor driving impact through digital transformation for the Federal Government for over a decade. We solve complex problems with innovation and agility to create meaningful, transformative, and enduring change. As Trusted Advisors, NetImpact professionals partner with customer agencies to deliver solutions that empower them to not only meet their missions but also realize their strategic vision through agile, outcome-focused solutions addressing both strategic and tactical requirements. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. NetImpact’s core values and commitment to a customer and results-oriented delivery approach has propelled our growth and enabled us to deliver impactful value across Strategic Consulting, Process Automation, Cloud, DevSecOps, Data and Analytics, and Cyber Security for the Federal Government.
ACCESSIBILITY NOTE
NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"")."	11146	Washington
Assistant Project Manager - Large Implementation	Brailsford & Dunlavey, LLC.	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	None	"Overview:

Brailsford & Dunlavey is seeking an assistant project manager to support ongoing construction projects in Washington, DC.
Ambitious, diverse, multidisciplinary, entrepreneurial: these are all words that describe our team. But what ties B&D employees together is our excitement and passion for advising our clients throughout the facility development process. Whether interviewing students on a college campus, touring classrooms in an elementary school, or sitting with fans on a stadium’s opening day, we are driven by our purpose to advance communities. It starts with our own B&D community; it starts with you.
Position Purpose
Reporting to a project executive or senior project manager, the primary focus of this position is to provide management support for a project team so it can successfully execute program management assignments for one or more of the following client types: K-12 public schools, independent and charter schools, arenas, stadiums, or community recreation. Deliverables for pre-development and implementation assignments include cost estimating, construction monitoring, constructability reviews, budget reconciliation, project documentation, design management, A&E selection management, public approvals and permitting, schedule compliance, and commissioning activities
Responsibilities:

Essential Responsibilities:
Supports Project Manager or Senior Project Manager with the management of multiple assignments within a large-scale program, serving as the Client’s “trusted advisor” focused on achievement of project goals for schedule, budget and quality, and providing critical thinking and analyses to ensure quality client advice. Takes full-management responsibility for smaller- to medium-scaled implementation assignments of over $10MM in total project costs.
Develops client deliverables, including written reports, presentations, budgets, schedules, and program, etc. that are tailored to meet client’s desired outcomes and scope requirements.
Coordinates and directs the day-to-day activities of assigned project staff, both internal (B&D staff) and external (JV partners, subconsultants, architects, and builders) to achieve project goals and objectives.
Provides input on annual performance reviews of project staff under APM’s direction.
Performs quality control activities to ensure that deliverables are error-free and delivered on time.
Participates in B&D’s training and development opportunities and actively cultivates a knowledge base in a range of practices and methodologies in relevant industry markets (Venues+Municipal and/or K-12).
Participates in business development activities to include article writing, conference attendance, and prospective client tracking or follow up.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
The assistant project manager supervises and directs a project analyst and/or project intern.
Qualifications:

Minimum Requirements:
Minimum of a bachelor’s degree in architecture, construction management, economics, finance, urban planning, real estate management, or related field.
Three to five years full-time planning, implementation, or related experience.
Must possess a valid driver’s license.
Competencies:
Technical Competencies
In-depth understanding of the firm’s project types, project management concepts and methodologies, and competitive advantages, as well as general industry knowledge.
Comprehensive understanding of Microsoft Office applications including Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Ability to apply technological solutions to planning or implementation assignments.
Core Competencies
Ability to be productive in a fast-paced, multi-dimensional work environment
Ability to work independently with minimum supervision
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Excellent group facilitation and presentation skills
Excellent organizational and project management skills
Strong analytical and critical thinking abilities
Strong understanding of real estate, finance and accounting principles
Clear support for the firm’s mission, values and operating paradigm
Demonstrated commitment to client satisfaction and ethical business practices
Proven adaptability, flexibility, and creativity
Demonstrated ability to thrive within a team structure
Aptitude and desire for mentoring and training analysts
Demonstrated sensitivity, knowledge and understanding of individuals from diverse academic, socioeconomic, gender, gender identity or expression, religion, cultural, disability and ethical backgrounds and sensitivity to/knowledge and understanding of groups historically underrepresented.
Human Relations:
Internal contacts include staff at all levels. External contacts include external customers and vendors. Contact involves: routing calls, troubleshooting, or providing information.
Brailsford & Dunlavey is committed to providing a diverse and inclusive work environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
Brailsford & Dunlavey participates in E-Verify.
Work Environment and Physical Demands:

Work Environment, Equipment, and Physical Demands
[The demands marked below are representative of those that will be required to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.]
Work Environment
Office environment; moderate noise.
Field environment; moderate to loud noise.
Occasional evening or weekend work is required.
Air and overnight travel may be required.
Equipment
Computer use for extended periods each day.
Other office equipment use (printers, copiers, video, etc.) routinely throughout each day.
Physical Demands
Sitting at desk or table for extended periods each day.
Standing or walking.
Repetitive wrist, hand, or finger movement (while operating computer equipment).
Eye-hand coordination (keyboard typing).
Hearing and talking.
Extended periods of reading fine print.
Light to moderate bending, crouching, and stooping (filing)."	11146	Washington
Property Manager I	Morgan Properties	Largo, MD 20774	None	"Overview:

Get To Know Us:
Join Morgan Properties, one of the nation’s largest and fastest growing property management companies. Our award-winning employees are dedicated to providing our residents with a quality residential living experience every day. Established in 1985 by Mitchell Morgan, Morgan Properties is a national real estate investment and management company headquartered in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. Morgan Properties and its affiliates currently own and manage a multifamily portfolio comprised of over 350 apartment communities and over 90,000 units located in 20 states. The Company is the nation’s largest private multifamily owner, with over 2,500 employees. Our company thrives on a culture of creativity, communication and collaboration, where every person is valued. We’re always looking for passionate professionals to join our team. If you meet the requirements listed and are interested, please submit your resume for consideration.
What you will be doing:
We are currently seeking a driven leader with experience in the property management industry to oversee and manage all operational and financial aspects of one of our nationally-recognized properties. As the Property Manager, you’ll be responsible for brand recognition in the area’s marketplace, personnel management, resident services, and compliance with all applicable laws and company policies.
What we’ll expect from you:
Take ownership for the growth and development of the community including capital projects to improve the property to better increase the occupancy levels making it a place people want to live and call home.
Conceive new and innovative marketing strategies to aid in curb-side appeal and attracting new residents.
Continually strive to improve processes better the relations with our residents, vendors, and employees.
Develop and foster a highly dynamic sales team into future leaders of Morgan Properties.
Manage Employees: hire and terminate employees, govern employee relations and employee issues, conduct written evaluations, and mentor, supervise, and develop employees.
Must be available on-call 24 hours a day in case of emergency.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree from four-year College or university strongly preferred.
5+ years related experience required.
Experience managing a 500+ unit multi-family housing community.
Experience supervising a team of 10+ individuals, including maintenance personnel.
Market rate community management experience required.
Qualified individuals will have proven performance in successfully monitoring financial statements, capital enhancement projects, revenue, expenses, net operating income and occupancy goals.
ARM, CAM, CAPS, MPM, RMP is a plus!
May require valid drivers’ license, along with good driving record and auto insurance, if traveling to multiple properties.
The “Benefits” of Employment:
Employee referral payment program
Educational Enhancement Program
Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits
Life/ AD&D Insurance
Long and short term disability
Retirement Plan - 401(k) Plan
Discount on an apartment with any one of our properties
Free access to pool and fitness center
Additional employee discounts available
Responsibilities:

Qualifications:"	11146	Washington
Jr. Project Manager	Qlarion Inc.	Reston, VA 20191 (Hattontown area)	$93,000 - $103,000 a year	Qlarion seeks Technical Data Consultants who can and have worked directly with clients to understand their business and translate that understanding into valuable analytical assets that improve operations and make an impact in the community. Through their work experience, our consultants demonstrate a passion for data and desire for continuous education and growth. We seek dynamic, well-rounded technologists that possess a solid business acumen plus great functional skills and a desire to communicate their ideas and work directly with clients.What differentiates a Qlarion technologist is that our staff knows how to work with data and analytics by understanding and refining it through adept perception of their client’s business. Translating that understanding into valuable data and analytical assets that improve a client’s ability to meet their mission and better serve the public.We are seeking a JR Project Manager for our Richmond, VA area office who meets the Requirements below.MUST HAVE REQUIREMENTS:U.S. Citizenship or Green Card Holder.A clear concise Resume NOT more than 5 pages longA BS Computer Science or BS Engineering or a BS Degree in a related fieldBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related fieldDeep experience leading technical teams across multiple delivery streams and owning client relations.Strong functional project experience including Public sector analytics project planning and management throughout the development life cycle , driving solutioning sessions, leading discovery workshops, development of documentation, workflow and processes definition, and extensive client-facing communicationsAnalytical mindset to include the ability to decompose complex problems or needs into consumable components and apply solid business logic to develop relevant strategic guidance, practical planning, and clear communications.Extensive Project Management/Lead experience to include defining and staying within the scope of the project, developing project schedules, monitoring overall progress and use of resourcesMust demonstrate strong analytical and problem-solving skillsStrong oral and written communication skills, with the ability to communicate to various levels of management.Ability to adapt to changing business processes, technologies, and environments.Job Type: Full-timePay: $93,000.00 - $103,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Our U.S. Govt. clients contractually require us to hire ONLY U.S. Citizens or Green Card Holder for their projects. Are you a United States citizen or Green card holder?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Project management: 3 years (Required)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:qlarion.comBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19COVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processVirtual meetings	11146	Washington
IT Program & Project Management Consultant	Conduent	Germantown, MD 20874	None	"About Conduent:

Through our dedicated associates, Conduent delivers mission-critical services and solutions on behalf of Fortune 100 companies and over 500 governments – creating exceptional outcomes for our clients and the millions of people who count on them.
You have an opportunity to personally thrive, make a difference and be part of a culture where individuality is noticed and valued every day.
Job Description:

Role responsibilities
Plans, organizes, directs, controls and delivers complex projects and/or programs prioritized in alignment with the client’s expectations and business needs. Projects may include multiple technology disciplines and/or significant business process re-engineering efforts.
Manages people for programs or projects involving department or cross-functional teams focused on the delivery of projects and/or programs into a finished state.
Plans and directs schedules as well as project budgets.
Organizes project and/or program activities that may require interdepartmental meetings and communication ensuring completion of the program/project on schedule and within budget constraints.
At times, directs the activities of project support staff, project managers, and sub-contractors and is responsible for ensuring appropriate resources are allocated and maintained to facilitate the successful completion of the project.
Assigns and monitors work of technical personnel, such as systems analysts and programmers, providing support and interpretation of instructions/objectives.
Manages and coordinates priorities between projects or within a program that requires critical thinking and complex problem solving.
Leads and communicates project scope, goals and responsibilities to project team; establish clear stakeholder expectations, and requirements of varying degrees of complexity.
Develops and maintains reporting procedures and monitor performance in project and program control activities.
Develops and distributes reports related to project activities, general project management, and financial issues.
Skills & Experience
10+ years of experience in Technical Program Management and Governance
Hands on experience in running the Program team in a distributed delivery environment
Program Management experience using DevOps practices and Tools
Proven experience in API and micro services based delivery, running Scrum teams and reporting
Experience in the Transportation, Utilities, Telco, Airline or other high transaction volume industries preferred
PMP, SAFe certification preferred
Closing:

Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law.
People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the ""Submit"" button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form. You may also click here to access Conduent’s ADAAA Accommodation Policy."	11146	Washington
Manager, IT	KaBOOM!	Washington, DC 20008 (Forest Hills area)	None	"Position Name: Manager, IT
Department: Talent Management, Inclusion & Operations
Reports To: Vice President, Finance & Operations

About KABOOM!
KABOOM! works nationally to achieve playspace equity: where every kid has access to high-quality playspaces. We do this by amplifying the power of communities to build inspiring play spaces that spark unlimited opportunities for every kid, everywhere. We believe that the right to play is a social justice issue, and that systemic and structural racism has created a gap in access to play for communities of color therefore we center racial equity in pursuit of playspace equity We know that creating equitable access to play opportunities requires cross-sector partnerships and systems-level solutions and are driven to lead this collaboration.
Summary of Position:
This position will oversee and manage the IT infrastructure and business applications, including vendor contracts, solution maintenance and implementation, user support and security monitoring. While this role oversees the organizations infrastructure, because of the small team structure, candidate must be willing and able to roll up sleeves and get hands dirty.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Monitor performance and manage all infrastructure and application solutions and their ongoing maintenance.
Be the technical expert in IT applications and environment; maintain the proper evolution paths to support business growth & efficiency.
Maintain a budget and projections for expenditures.
Collaborate and foster business relationships with vendors and consultants.
Manage a hardware program insuring all users have properly performing equipment.
Monitor the support channels ensuring timely support is being provided and support trends are being addressed.
Define standards and ensure consistent practices and processes be applied throughout all KABOOM! systems.
Evaluate new and emerging technologies as potential sources of innovation.
Maintain an effective plan for continuity of operations.
Provide technical guidance and leadership in fostering the career plans and professional growth of the IT staff.
Effectively work across departmental boundaries to foster collaboration and teamwork.
Working closely with other department Managers to assess the growth needs and maintenance of the company’s network
Line manage one (1) direct report
Actively cultivates an inclusive work environment that contributes to the achievement of the organization’s diversity and inclusion goals and cultural competences; including but not limited to the areas of recruitment, retention, and training and development

Nice to haves:
Facilitate and manage business requirements gathering process across business units and ensure IT solutions meet business needs & priorities
Work with departments to develop business cases and cost benefit analyses for solutions/projects.
Adept knowledge of IT architecture, deployments, project management, business case and metric tracking/monitoring in order to track active projects and tasks.
Lead large IT projects, including the design and deployment of new IT systems and services

Qualifications:
5+ years in the information technology field with leadership responsibility.
Solid understanding of IT operations, enterprise architecture, system integration, capacity planning, and security.
Salesforce experience (admin and preferably development).
Experience managing cloud deployments.
Motivated, persistent, and able to manage multiple priorities simultaneously.
Customer service and interpersonal skills
Employee management and development experience.
Exceptional communication and presentation skills and a high level of technical aptitude.

Other Skills, Abilities, and Attributes:
Possess the skills necessary to lead and function effectively in a culture of rapid change.
Model the behaviors that demonstrate commitment to KaBOOM! vision, mission, culture and values.
Possess the proven ability to deliver improvements that achieve the organization’s goals and objectives.
Be willing to challenge traditional wisdom and advance innovative ways of resolving problems.
Possess the orientation and competencies necessary to collaborate and work effectively with diverse groups, and align with internal and external stakeholders.
Be committed to accomplish goals through the skills of persuasion, influence and negotiation.
Possess the ability to work as an effective team leader and member of a diverse work force.
Possess excellent communication skills (listening, oral, written and presentation).
Possess strong organizational, and leadership skills.
Possess a good sense for administrative quality; able to prioritize, multi-task and effectively implement change.
Use analytical skills and judgment to solve problems with limited available information.
Ability to effectively communicate complicated matters in a simple, structured way.
Covid-19 Vaccination required

Key Competencies for Success:
Action and Results Orientation
Agility and Speed
Dealing with Ambiguity
Business Acumen
Creativity
Decision Making
Managing Change
Managerial Courage
Integrity and Trust
Self Development and Learning

Essential Functions of Job:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential function of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The employee must have the ability to maintain acceptable standards of office conduct, work effectively with staff and proficient with computer software. The employee typically sits at a workstation or moves about to coordinate work. The employee must regularly lift and/or move objects up to 10 pounds. Occasional travel is required.
This job description does not constitute an employee agreement between the employer and the employee; this description is subject to change by the employer as the needs and requirements of the job change."	11146	Washington
IT Services Manager	outsourceIT	Washington, DC	$65,000 - $95,000 a year	outsourceIT is currently seeking a Service Manager. This role will lead and motivate a team of support staff to deliver excellent technical/non-technical support with outstanding customer service, satisfaction, and timeliness This position has frequent contact with customers, direct reports, peers, and vendors. The Service Manager will participate in the ongoing management of service level compliance, resolution of daily issues, and enforcing compliance within established company standards and policies pertaining to Service Ticket handling. The Service Manager is also responsible for performing QA checks, identifying trends, and making recommendations on how we can consistently improve the quality of service and response times to our customers. This position will report directly to the Vice President of Service and will be responsible for the overall experience and customer satisfaction of the interactions with the Service Desk.Who is outsourceIT?outsourceIT is a leading outsourced IT provider for small and medium (SMB) sized businesses. Our full-service product line is designed around the needs of SMB’s; Managed IT Services, Cloud-Based Application and Hardware Services, Cyber Security, and IT Consulting Services. As a customer-centric business, we focus on delivering products and services with a high degree of customer care. We strive to ensure every end-user experience is met with the same high degree of responsiveness and quality.Position ResponsibilitiesEnsure service requests are addressed in a timely manner through SLA monitoringDrive continuous process improvement to ensure Support Technicians are being utilized to their full potential while delivering consistent service levels and quick resolutionsMeasure and report the performance of the Support staff to identify performance trends and when appropriate, develop and implement changes to correct sub-standard performance issuesMonitor utilization and productivity of a local and remote support team and recommend changes in staffing levelsContribute to incident resolution by giving support to end users when necessaryTrain, coach, and mentor Support staff and ensure appropriate training initiatives for new and existing staffOversee new customer onboarding projects to deliver a complete and consistent experience to the customerAssist with identifying and recommending end user training programs to increase computer literacy and self-sufficiencyEnsure all requests opened for their team are being actively worked and progressing towards an expeditious resolutionSupervise, develop, and mentor their team members to help improve their technical knowledge and customer management skillsAssists with interviewing Support staff candidatesStay current on both the technology and product frontsWork late shift and/or on-call rotation as requiredPosition RequirementsBachelor’s degree or equivalent experienceMust have 5 years of experience working directly with Customer SupportPrior Managed Service Provider experienceManaged Services Platform Software – Kaseya and ConnectWiseAbility to troubleshoot technical issues at a high level to determine the appropriate path to resolutionDemonstrated success at a company in similar nature for a minimum of 3 years and as a Service Manager or similar for at least 2 yearsMust be capable of dealing confidently and professionally with CustomersMust be a team player and build good working relationships across all functionsMust have a strong personal drive for delivering industry-leading Customer support, and thrive in a fast-paced, high energy environment with a proactive focusOrganized and analytical, able to eliminate obstacles through creative and adaptive approachesAbility to overcome obstacles and obtain results under tight deadlinesDemonstrated strong written and verbal communicationMust be comfortable in the dynamic atmosphere of a technical organization with a rapidly expanding customer baseMust be prepared for moderate travel throughout outsourceIT’s service territoryAbility to work eight hours a day sitting, using a keyboard, and speaking on the phoneAbility to bend, stoop & carry at least 50lbsInsurable driving record & current driver licenseBenefitsAs a Service Manager with outsourceIT, you will be part of one of the leading Managed Service Providers in the region, an organization with more than 15 years of success in providing outstanding support and technologies to the SMB market. There’s no shortage of training and advancement opportunities and you will have the opportunity to work alongside some of the industries most experienced engineers. Your hard work and dedication will be rewarded with a competitive compensation package.As a Service Manager, you are eligible to receive:Excellent and affordable health, dental and vision coverageIRA15 days PTO (vacation and discretionary leave)Paid holidaysTraining reimbursementEducational reimbursementFrequent company social eventsWe look forward to you joining our team!Job Type: Full-timePay: $65,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:www.outsourceitcorp.comCompany's Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/outsourceIT.MD/	11146	Washington
Senior IT Project Manager	WESTAT	Rockville, MD	None	"Westat is an employee-owned corporation providing research services to agencies of the U.S. Government, as well as businesses, foundations, and state and local governments. Westat's research, technical, and administrative staff of more than 2,000 is located at our headquarters in Rockville, Maryland, near Washington, DC.

Westat is seeking a highly motivated Senior IT Project Manager to lead the requirements, design, specification, development, and deployment of applications and systems to support social and scientific research projects for federal agencies. You will join a technical community of developers and engineers providing intuitive, responsive interviewing and self-reporting systems to collect and analyze high quality data using various technologies and modern software development approaches. You will work with domain experts, program managers, methodologists, statisticians, and IT professionals to formulate and implement IT solutions that reflect an understanding of business issues, as well as IT strategies, problems, and priorities. Daily your strong communication and collaboration skills will be used with the internal IT team and clients.

Job Responsibilities:
Partner with domain staff and specialists to determine and manage the IT needs of a diverse portfolio of research projects focusing on field-based interviewer data collection using state of the art systems and sampling techniques.Keep up to date on current and emerging technologies, with emphasis on field-based studies, and best IT practices.Develop technical application systems designs and approaches for proposals and projects.Supervise IT professionals who are well-versed in various proprietary and open-source software such as web technologies, bio-specimen collections, mapping and GIS, study and operations management, and data collection modes using high-end survey software such as Blaise, CSPro, Voxco and UNICOM.Work effectively with a diverse staff specializing in the management of survey field operations, data management, questionnaire design, testing, security, mobile applications, interviewer training, device configuration and logistics, and deployment to a dispersed workforce.Assist with writing and budgeting for IT activities associated with projects, tasks, and proposals.

Basic Qualifications:
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field and a minimum of 12 years of relevant experience, including a strong track record of managing IT teams.Experience with 508 compliance and FISMA security standards.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with and knowledge in the design and management of social and scientific research projects, including familiarity with survey methodologies.Demonstrated experience with project management reporting, project documentation (requirements, specifications, design documents), and proposals.Demonstrated experience with case management systems, advanced survey software and computer assisted survey administration with various platforms and administration methods.
Westat offers a well-rounded and comprehensive benefits program focused on wellness and work/life balance. Eligible employees may participate in:
Employee Stock Ownership Plan
401(k) Retirement Plan
Paid Parental Leave
Vacation Leave
Sick Leave
Holiday Leave
Professional Development
Health Advocate
Employee Assistance Program
Travel Accident Insurance
Medical Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Short Term Disability Insurance
Long Term Disability Insurance
Life and AD&D Insurance
Critical Illness Insurance
Supplemental Life Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Savings Account
Westat is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, genetic information, gender identity or expression, or any other protected status under applicable law.
Career Area
Computer Systems and Applications"	11146	Washington
Liquor Store Manager; Grade 21	Montgomery County Government	Rockville, MD	$54,947 - $90,848 a year	"This position is open only to:
(1) Current Montgomery County Government employees;
(2) Montgomery County employees who were affected by reduction-in-force and currently have RIF priority rights;
(3) Active Montgomery County local fire and rescue department volunteers with at least 50 points under the length of service award program; or

(4) Current Project SEARCH Interns or former Montgomery County Customized Employment Public Interns or Project SEARCH Interns within 24 months of completion of internship.
This recruitment will establish an eligible list to fill current and future vacancies.
The Department of Alcohol Beverage Services(ABS) is recruiting for Liquor Store Manager positions to manage the Montgomery County Falls Grove Liquor Dispensary. ABS is seeking highly qualified individuals with retail store operations experience that are customer service focused and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment.
Duties include:
Responsibility for management of all aspects of operations within the four walls of assigned store, including but not limited to: profitability, merchandising, and customer service
Providing personnel evaluation recommendations and employee performance management and discipline
Scheduling work assignments
Providing general supervision of employees
Training new personnel and instructing employees regarding ABS' policies and procedures
Ensuring prompt and courteous service to customers and good relations with the general public
Overseeing the ordering, receipt, and storage of merchandise
Maintaining control and sales records, including daily sales summaries, and inventories
Maintaining the store in a clean and orderly condition
Supervising enforcement of all measures designed to ensure security of the store
Selected candidates may be assigned to any store within the County system and must be available to work all shifts based on the anticipated scheduling needs of the department.
Selected candidates are required to successfully complete a pre-employment physical exam, drug and alcohol screening, and criminal background check. Upon appointment, employees must successfully complete and pass the Alcohol Intervention Training course required by the State of Maryland within three (3) months of employment.
For additional information regarding the ABS, its mission and additional opportunities please visit https://www.montgomerycountymd.gov/dlc/
Additional Employment Information
OHR reviews the minimum qualifications of all applicants, irrespective of whether the candidate has previously been found to have met the minimum requirements for the job or been temporarily promoted to the same position. This evaluation is based solely on the information contained in the application/resume submitted for this specific position/IRC.
Montgomery County Government is an equal opportunity employer, committed to workforce diversity. Accordingly, as it relates to employment opportunities, the County will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities, in accordance with the law. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the Office of Human Resources via email to OHR@montgomerycountymd.gov . Individual determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made in accordance with all applicable laws.
Montgomery County Government also provides hiring preference to certain categories of veterans and veterans/persons with a disability. For more information and to claim employment preference, please refer to the Careers webpage on Hiring Preference .
All applicants will respond to a series of questions related to their education, relevant experience, knowledge, skills and abilities required to minimally perform the job. The applicant's responses in conjunction with their resume and all other information provided in the employment application process will be evaluated to determine the minimum qualifications and preferred criteria status. Based on the results, the highest qualified applicants will be placed on an Eligible List and may be considered for an interview. Employees meeting minimum qualifications who are the same grade will be placed on Eligible List as a ""Lateral Transfer"" candidate and may be considered for interview.
If selected for consideration for this position, you may be required to provide evidence that you possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities indicated on your resume.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience: Three (3) years of experience in liquor store retail operations, including one (1) year of experience as a Liquor Store Assistant Manager.

Education: Completion of high school or High School Certificate of completion recognized in the State of Maryland.

Equivalency: An equivalent combination of education and experience maybe substituted.
Age: Must be at least 21 years of age.
Physical Ability: Ability to independently move by lifting and/or pushing single and case items weighing up to 100 pounds.
Preferred Criteria

The applications of those individuals meeting the minimum qualifications will be reviewed to determine the extent, relevancy of training, and experience in the following areas.

Preparation of Daily Deposits and Summaries
Decision Making and Problem Solving
Change Management
Supervision of Staff
Ordering Inventory
Employee Scheduling
Employee Training
Store Merchandising
Team Building
Performance Management


Minimum Salary 54947 Maximum Salary 90848 Currency USD"	11146	Washington
Senior Health Specialist	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12296

Organization: World Bank

Sector: Health/Nutrition/Population

Grade: GG

Term Duration: 4 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: International Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 6/25/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity and promoting sustainable development. With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges. For more information, www.worldbank.org

GLOBAL: Health, Nutrition and Population (HNP) Global Practice Context:

The central contribution of the HNP Global Practice to the World Bank’s twin goals is to enable the achievement of Universal Health Coverage (UHC), in which all people are effectively covered by essential health services, and nobody suffers undue financial hardship because of illnesses. The HNP Global Practice includes staff members in Washington, DC and many country offices. The HNP Global Practice works with and across multiple sectors, in recognition of the fact that HNP outcomes often depend on actions that lie outside the HNP sector. The HNP Global Practice supports country and regional efforts to: (i) improve health outcomes, especially for the poor and most vulnerable; (ii) expand access to high-quality HNP services, interventions and technologies that give the most value for money; (iii) strengthen health systems for results; (iv) establish and improve health financing mechanisms that promote efficiency, equity and sustainability of investments; (v) strengthen heath-relevant institutions within and outside the health sector; (vi) harness multisectoral policies and investments for better health outcomes; and (vii) develop and learn from rigorous impact evaluations.
https://worldbankgroup.sharepoint.com/sites/health/pages/home.aspx
Regional context: SOUTH ASIA:

The South Asia Region (SAR) has the largest concentration of poor people of any region, home to 2 billion people with over 1 billion living under $2/day. It has had high growth of 6 percent average annual rate in the last 20 years, despite its poverty, conflict, and instability. The WBG is and will continue to be a key development partner in South Asia. The South Asia Region (SAR) strategy is based on three pillars which are promoting growth, enhancing social inclusion, and strengthening climate/environment.

The South Asia Region:
https://www.worldbank.org/en/region/sar

Unit Context: SOUTH ASIA HEALTH (HSAHN):

South Asia has been the fastest-growing region in the world in recent years. This has led to impressive declines in poverty and to improvements in key HNP outcomes such as life expectancy and under-five mortality rates; with the right facilitative policies in place, most countries in the region are poised to reap a potential demographic dividend. Nevertheless, key challenges remain and new ones are emergent across the region: inequalities remain large and persistent, malnutrition remains a huge problem, financing for health remains largely out-of-pocket, and health systems are ill-equipped to face a growing burden from non-communicable diseases and from new risk factors related to urbanization and air pollution.

The Bank has an active and growing portfolio in the region, with lending operations, technical assistance, and analytical work focusing on improving health financing, service delivery, and governance both from within the sector and via support for multi-sectoral engagement. The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted South Asia's major weaknesses in public health, including disease surveillance and diagnostics, as well as in health service delivery in terms of quality of care and surge capacity.

HNP has mobilized to assist all 8 countries in South Asia (including all HSAHN’s countries: Afghanistan, India, Sri Lanka, and Maldives) with its initial COVID-19 emergency response and essential systems strengthening. It is working now to help governments' shape their COVID-19 vaccine procurement and deployment strategies as an important next phase to the pandemic response.

The HSAHN team includes around 26 staff based in SAR countries and Washington DC. To strengthen the team, the WBG is recruiting a Senior Health Specialist based in Washington DC. The Senior Health Specialist will support the World Bank’s HNP portfolio, including the ongoing policy dialogue with Government counterparts and partners, preparation of analytical products, and the preparation and supervision of operations in the sector, as well as engagement on the broader human capital agenda,.
http://sarhnp.worldbank.org/
This vacancy is for a highly motivated individual to join the HSAHN Washington DC-based HNP team as a Senior Health Specialist in South Asia.

Duties & Responsibilities:

The Senior Health Specialist will report to the HSAHN Practice manager in Washington DC and will be responsible for the following tasks and duties in the South Asia Region, and potentially other regions as well:

Lead HNP and/or Human Capital-related operations under preparation or implementation as required, as well as contribute to the preparation and implementation support of such lending operations.

Lead and/or contribute to policy dialogue with government counterparts - including at the national and sub-national levels - and with other relevant stakeholders.

Lead and/or contribute to high-quality analytical and advisory services tasks related to different aspects of health sector performance, demographic changes, human capital including issues of adolescent girls’ and women’s empowerment, household survey data analytics, and related topics in the South Asian context.

Help the team with building and maintaining partnerships and networks within the Bank (in HNP as well as other sectors) and with external development partners and think-tanks.

Contribute to analytical and advisory services tasks related to health systems strengthening, addressing public health challenges, linking health to broader human development topics, and/or related topics in the South Asia context.

Support the monitoring and evaluation of projects, and reporting and coordination relationships with development partners.

Participate in and contribute to technical assistance work to support relevant capacity-building activities including workshops, seminars, etc.

Respond to ad hoc information requests from internal and external parties.

Selection Criteria
Graduate degree in public health, demographics, health economics, health policy, epidemiology, health system administration or professional degree (medicine, nursing) (Master’s degree required, PhD or equivalent would be an asset). Candidates without a core qualification in at least one of these domains need not apply.
Minimum of 8 years of relevant professional experience and prior experience with planning implementation, monitoring and evaluation of health, health system strengthening, health financing, or health service delivery projects is required.
Significant experience working on cross-sectoral issues, in particular human capital and/or women and girls’ empowerment, is an advantage.
Experience working in LICS or MICS, in South Asia, and/or in an international development institution is an advantage.
Demonstrated ability to think strategically, rapidly analyze diverse information from varied sources, prepare documents on complex subjects, speak and write persuasively, and present ideas clearly and concisely.
A proven track record of high standards/accountability for work products, meeting deadlines, an ability to prioritize tasks within his/her work program and strategies for working collectively with others on the team to deliver products of the highest caliber.
Demonstrated ability for teamwork in a multicultural environment.
Experience working on WBG funded projects and familiarity with WBG operations, policies, and procedures is an advantage.
Excellent oral and written communications skills is essential with ability to prepare documents on complex subjects, speak and write persuasively, and present ideas clearly and concisely.

In addition to the above, the successful candidate is expected to demonstrate the following WBG competencies:

Competencies

Integrative Skills - Understands core issues and knows where to get additional expertise when needed. Task team member in integrative products and provides analytical written inputs.
Knowledge and Experience in Development Arena - Understands policy making process and role of the health sector in that process. Is able to find relevant information and examine similar policy questions in multiple regions and to distill operationally relevant recommendations and lessons from this analysis for clients.
Policy Dialogue Skills - Identifies and assesses policy issues and communicates findings/points of view verbally and through economic reports and papers. Plays an active role in the dialogue with the government and/or other stakeholders as part of Bank teams.
Lead and Innovate: Encourages and works with others to identify and implement relevant solutions. Identifies opportunities in changing circumstances and energizes others to continuously improve, using intentional strategies to boost morale, team spirit, and productivity in context of WBG's values and mission. Helps others to understand problems, client needs and the underlying context. Ability to adapt to changing circumstances.
Collaborate Within Teams and Across Boundaries: Collaborates across organizational boundaries, internally and externally with a sense of mutuality and respect. Consistently engages others in open dialogue, brings out any conflicting viewpoints and incorporates viewpoints into solutions, giving credit where credit is due. Leverages expertise of all team members to ensure successful outcomes. Shows leadership in ensuring the team stays organized and focused, and actively seeks and considers diverse ideas and approaches.
Create, Apply and Share Knowledge: Ensures systematic sharing of good practice and learning from lessons from across WBG, clients, and partners. Is known across WBG in their subject area and is sought out by WBG colleagues to advise, peer review, or contribute to knowledge products of others. Seeks mentoring opportunities with more experienced staff to deepen or strengthen their professional knowledge and mentors junior staff. Leads in the sharing of best practice, knowledge and lessons learned across units and with clients and partners, articulating ideas verbally and in writing in a clear and compelling way across audiences of varied levels.
Make Smart Decisions: Applies critical thinking and seeks inputs and experience from others to recommend a course of action consistent with the WBG's strategy. Evaluates risk and anticipates the short and long term implications of decisions.
Client Orientation - Maintains client relationships in the face of conflicting demands or directions and provides evidence-based advice and solutions based on sound diagnosis and knowledge.
Drive for Results - Identifies the needed resources to accomplish results involving multiple stakeholders and finds solutions to obstacles affecting key deliverables.
Teamwork (Collaboration) and Inclusion - Shows leadership in ensuring the team stays organized and focused, and actively seeks and considers diverse ideas and approaches.
Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11146	Washington
Program Specialist	US Farm Production and Conservation (FPAC) Busines...	Washington, DC	$103,690 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Farm Production and Conservation (FPAC) Business Center (FBC), Appeals and Litigation Division.

This position is responsible for all matters and policies pertaining to the Agency administrative appeals process, administrative sanctions, subpoenas and witness requests, FOIA and Privacy Act appeals, review of National Appeals Division (NAD) determinations and preparation of Agency requests for review of NAD decisions.
Responsibilities
Analyze and evaluate the substantive, mission-oriented appeals and litigation and sanctions programs and equitable relief programs in terms of program effectiveness and efficiency to improve operations.
Serve as Agency representative to the Office of General Counsel (OGC) on appellant challenges for final administrative determination in an appropriate court of competent jurisdiction for agency program matters.
Ensure that legal problems are analyzed appropriately, that analyses furnish sound bases for decisions by the Administrators or Chief.
Assist FSA Administrator and NRCS Chief, through the Director, Appeals and Litigation Staff, in developing principles for resolution of problem accounts and program matters
Plan and conduct projects and studies and recommend ways to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of program operations
Apply general working knowledge of agriculture commodities gained either through working on a farm, ranch, or similar operation or through working on USDA programs
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a US Citizen or US National.
Males born after 12/31/1959 must be Selective Service registered or exempt.
Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check.
Successful completion of one year probationary period, unless previously served.
Direct Deposit: Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution.
Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit https://www.e-verify.gov/.
Must possess and maintain a valid state motor vehicle operator's license for the type of vehicle(s) operated to perform the duties of this position.
Qualifications
Specialized Experience - GS-13: To qualify for the GS-13 level, you must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 level or higher in Federal service, or comparable experience not gained through Federal service. This experience must include experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. For this position, specialized experience is defined as: -
Under close supervision, Applying program administration principles, concepts, laws, and systems to interpret and apply new laws and to resolve broad policy issues;
Formulating and analyzing options for agency decision memoranda and new guidelines resulting from legislation, major decision by courts, changes in other related programs, or management decisions, AND;
Developing rulings involving broad program areas.


Specialized Experience - GS-14: To qualify for the GS-14 level, you must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-13 level or higher in Federal service, or comparable experience not gained through Federal service. This experience must include experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled. For this position, specialized experience is defined as:
Independently applying program administration principles, concepts, laws, and systems to interpret and apply new laws and to resolve broad policy issues;
Formulating and analyzing options for agency decision memoranda and new guidelines resulting from legislation, major decision by courts, changes in other related programs, or management decisions, AND;
Developing rulings involving broad program areas.


Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the 06/28/2021 of the announcement including time-in-grade restrictions, specialized experience and/or education, as defined above.

Time in grade: Current federal employees applying for a promotion opportunity must meet time-in-grade (TIG) requirement of 52 weeks of service at the next lower grade level in the normal line of progression for the position being filled. (e.g. one year at the GS-12 grade level for consideration for the GS-13 grade level).

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
Education
This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
Additional information
Recruitment and/or relocation incentives may be authorized.
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), Reemployment Priority List (RPL), or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): Visit the OPM website for information on how to apply as a CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP eligible. To exercise selection priority for this vacancy, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP candidates must meet the basic eligibility requirements and all selective factors. CTAP/ICTAP candidates must be rated and determined to be well qualified (or above) based on an evaluation of the competencies listed in the How You Will Be Evaluated section. When assessed through a score-based category rating method, CTAP/ICTAP applicants must receive a rating of at least 85 out of a possible 100.
Veterans who are preference eligible or who have been separated from the armed forces under honorable conditions after three years or more of continuous active service are eligible for consideration under the Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA).
Farm Service Agency (FSA) County Employees: Permanent County employees without prior Federal tenure who are selected for a Civil Service position under Public Law 105-277 will be given a career-conditional appointment and must serve a 1-year probationary period.
For more information on applying under special hiring authorities such as the Veteran's Recruitment Act (VRA), 30 percent disabled veterans, certain military spouses, Schedule A Disabled, etc., explore the different Hiring Paths on the USAJOBS website.
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act (LMWFA) provides current or former temporary or term employees of federal land management agencies opportunity to compete for permanent competitive service positions. Individuals must have more than 24 months of service without a break between appointments of two or more years. Service must be in the competitive service and have been at a successful level of performance or better. Refer to PUBLIC LAW 114-47-AUG. 7, 2015 for more information.
PROMOTION POTENTIAL: If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management. However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
This position is eligible for telework within the local commuting area of the position and other flexible work arrangements. Current USDA policy includes telework for an 8 hour work day, 4 days per week; other flexibilities are possible dependent upon availability and/or the position and its associated duties. Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
Physical Demands: The work is primarily sedentary. The incumbent will be subjected to a demanding work
schedule that will occasionally require long and varied work hours and a potentially significant
amount of travel.
Work Environment: The work is performed in a typical office setting.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as evidenced by the experience, education, and training you described in your application package, as well as the responses to the Assessment Questionnaire to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities and competencies listed below:
Appeals Procedures
Employee Development
Oral Communications
Written Communication
Your application, including the online Assessment Questionnaire, will be reviewed to determine if you meet (a) minimum qualification requirements and (b) the resume supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your resume must clearly support your responses to all the questions addressing experience and education relevant to this position. Applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements and are determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring manager for consideration. Noncompetitive candidates and applicants under some special hiring authorities need only meet minimum qualifications to be referred.

Note: If after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities, or you may be found ineligible. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service.

Clicking the link below will present a preview of the application form; i.e. the online questionnaire. The application form link below will only provide a preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online application process, click the ""Apply"" button to the right.

To view the application form, visit: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11135368

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes: 1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the major duties including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) other qualifications.
If education is required or being used to qualify, you must submit a copy of your college transcripts. An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application if it includes your name and the necessary course information; however, if you are selected, official transcripts will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been successfully obtained from an accredited school, college or university. If any education was completed at a foreign institute, you must submit with your application evidence that the institute was appropriately accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as equivalent to U.S. education standards. There are private organizations that specialize in this evaluation and a fee is normally associated with this service. For a list of private organizations that evaluate education, visit the NACES website. All transcripts must be in English or include an English translation.
Current Federal employees:
Most recent non-award Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) showing you are/were in the competitive service, highest grade held (or promotion potential) on a permanent basis, position title, series and grade AND
Most recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable. A performance plan is not an acceptable substitute.
Current permanent FSA County employees must submit your most recent non-award Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) showing your highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent basis, position title, series and grade AND most recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) per above.
Veteran Hiring Authorities: VEOA, VRA and 30% Disabled Veterans: DD214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, that shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions. If currently on active duty you must submit a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty service under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted. Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment.
If claiming 10-point veteran's preference you must provide the DD214 or certification requirements (see above bullet), plus the proof of entitlement of this preference as listed on the SF-15 Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. The SF-15 should be included but is not required. Failure to submit these documents could result in the determination that there is insufficient documentation to support your claim for 10-point preference.
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act: Copies of Notification of Personnel Action(s) (SF-50) showing the employee served in eligible appointment(s) for a period(s) of more than 24 mos w/o a break between appointments of two+ years. Include initial hire actions, extensions, conversions and separation SF-50s for each period. Submit performance rating(s) showing acceptable performance for each period counted towards eligibility signed by supervisor(s). If documentation does not exist for one or more periods, submit a statement from supervisor(s) indicating acceptable performance. Applicants who do not have performance documentation for any period shall provide a reason why the documentation is not available and statement that performance for all periods was at an acceptable level.
Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5 CFR 330.
If claiming eligibility under a special hiring authority or an interchange agreement with another merit system not listed above, see the requirements for that authority and submit the required supporting documentation. Go to: USAJOBS Hiring Path for Special Authorities or Special Hiring Authority for more information.

Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Internal to an agency
Current federal employees of this agency.
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Clarification from the agency
Applications will be accepted only from current permanent USDA employees with competitive status; and CTAP/RPL eligible candidates and permanent Farm Service County Office employees."	11146	Washington
Office Administration Manager	Public Knowledge	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	$60,000 - $65,000 a year	"Position Summary: The Office Administration Manager ensures the efficient day-to-day operation and organization of the office, manages the reception area, assists with records and financial management, and provides administrative support to the President & CEO. This role will also provide administrative support to management and other staff in a 20 person office.

Position Status: Full-time

Location: Washington, D.C. (temporarily working remotely due to COVID-19)

Reports to: Director of Finance and Administration

Essential Duties:
Reception

Answer general phone inquiries using a professional and courteous manner

Direct phone inquiries to the appropriate staff members

Reply to general information requests with the accurate information

Greet clients/suppliers/visitors to the organization in a professional and friendly manner

Office administration

Responsible for the facilities’ day-to-day operations (such as distributing building access keys and security access cards, etc.)

Purchase office supplies and furniture, office equipment, etc., for the entire staff in accordance with company purchasing policies and budgetary restrictions.

Sort incoming mail, faxes, and courier deliveries for distribution

Prepare and send outgoing faxes, mail, and courier parcels

Forward incoming general e-mails to the appropriate staff member

Forward voicemail from the general mailbox to the appropriate staff member

File documents according to the established procedures

Update and ensure the accuracy of the organization’s databases

Back-up electronic files using proper procedures

Provide administrative support to management and other staff

Make travel, meeting, and other arrangements for staff

Organize office gatherings and assist with events

Coordinate the maintenance of office equipment, including copiers, printers, fax machines, video conferencing systems, etc.

Provide administrative support to staff, including copying, printing, scheduling, etc.

Provide executive administrative support to the President and CEO & Director of Finance and Administration, including scheduling, research, printing, presentation prep, etc.

Provide IT support

Provide desktop support for staff, including creating and maintaining the IT support system

Maintain office document management systems

Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware.

Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software.

Respond to employee queries by resolving technical problems with Apple computers, through experience or Apple support.

Install computer peripherals for users.

Serves as web, email, and server administrator as assigned.

Administers phone systems and extensions.

Bookkeeping

Knowledge of Quickbooks or similar financial reporting software

Accounts Receivable ­ handles invoicing, coding, collection, and reconciliation of monies owed to PK;

Accounts Payable ­ handles paying invoicing, coding, collection, and reconciliation of monies due to vendors;

Assist with database donor data entry from conferences and general fundraising efforts.

Ensure donor and vendor records are up to date with current contact information in QuickBooks and other databases as needed.

Assist with human resource management

Assist Director of Finance and Administration with recruitment including scheduling interviews, preparing onboarding materials, and arranging staff training;

Manage HR email accounts, including following up with applicants

File material according to established records management procedures

Ensure interviewers are prepared with resumes and prior feedback

Act as the main point of contact with either recruiting channels and/or candidates directly in terms of interview logistics or any questions related to the process, from start to end of the interviewing cycle

Manage employee benefit enrollment

Qualifications:
Education: High school diploma or GED required; bachelor’s degree preferred.

Experience: 2 to 3 years office experience required, preferably in the capacity of an administrative assistant or office manager. Nonprofit experience is strongly preferred. Previous experience with Apple computers or IT support and in the work environment is a plus.

Professional qualities:
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. A self-starter, with the ability to organize and maintain diverse information with attention to detail. Must be able to prioritize and manage projects from start to finish, demonstrating strong follow-through and appropriate confidentiality. Strong interpersonal skills required and a willingness to relate to many different types of people, understanding their needs and motivations while keeping the needs of the organization as the highest priority. An understanding of and commitment to the operating goals of Public Knowledge is essential.

Compensation: Base salary from $60,000 -$65,000 depending on experience, plus excellent benefits and opportunities for professional growth.

To Apply: Please complete the Office Administration Manager application here . Applications will be accepted until August 31st, 2021. Applicants are encouraged to apply early, as applications will be considered on a rolling basis until the position is filled."	11146	Washington
Project Manager-Level II	TekSynap	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

We are seeking a Project Manager-Level II to join our team supporting NIH ITAO CIO Information Security Management Support in Bethesda, MD.
TekSynap is a fast growing high-tech company that understands both the pace of technology today and the need to have a comprehensive well planned information management environment. “Technology moving at the speed of thought” embodies these principles – the need to nimbly utilize the best that information technology offers to meet the business needs of our Federal Government customers.
We offer our full-time employees a competitive benefits package to include health, dental, vision, 401K, life insurance, short-term and long-term disability plans, vacation time and holidays.
Visit us at www.TekSynap.com.
Apply now to explore jobs with us!
Responsibilities & Qualifications:

RESPONSIBILITIES
Typically oversee all aspects of the project, leading a team on large projects or a significant segment of large and complex projects.
Analyze new and complex project-related problems and create innovative solutions that normally involve the schedule, technology, methodology, tools, solution components, and financial management of the project.
Provide applications systems analysis and long and short-range plans for application selection, systems development, systems maintenance, and production activities for necessary support resources.
Commensurate experience and education for the specific level.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Business/Management/IT or related discipline.
Advanced degree (preferred)
Minimum of 12 years relevant experience
Must be able to obtain Public Trust clearance
Active PMP certification
Additional Job Information:

COMPETENCIES
Establish Focus
Change Management
Develop Others
Oral Communication
Written Communication
Interpersonal Awareness
Build Relationships
Analytical Thinking
Conceptual Thinking
Strategic Thinking
Technical Expertise
Initiative
Foster Innovation
Results Oriented
Teamwork
Customer Service
WORK ENVIRONMENT AND PHYSICAL DEMANDS
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Location: Bethesda, MD
Type of environment: Office
Noise level: Medium
Work schedule: Schedule is day shift Monday – Friday. May be requested to work evenings and weekends to meet program and contract needs.
Amount of Travel: less than 10%
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to handle, feel, touch; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee is regularly required to lift up to 10 pounds. The employee is frequently required to lift up to 25 pounds; and up to 50 pounds. The vision requirements include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
WORK AUTHORIZATION/SECURITY CLEARANCE
US Citizen
Must be able to obtain a Public Trust clearance
OTHER DUTIES
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. TekSynap does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law (referred to as “protected status”). This nondiscrimination policy extends to all terms, conditions, and privileges of employment as well as the use of all company facilities, participation in all company-sponsored activities, and all employment actions such as promotions, compensation, benefits, and termination of employment."	11146	Washington
Project Manager I/II	Tower Federal Credit Union	Laurel, MD	None	Job DetailsDescription$5,000 Signing BonusHOURS: Monday-Friday 40 hour workweekAll employees, must provide a copy of their fully completed COVID-19 vaccination cards within 45 days of their start date. Exceptions will be made in accordance with federal and state laws.PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES AND FUNCTIONS: Understands the various phases of the Project Lifecycle: Initiation, Planning, Execution, Closing and Monitoring. Works with the project team to develop and maintain the applicable deliverables for each phase of the project from inception to closing.Works directly with the lines of business and vendors, requiring good communication skills, as well as fundamental technical troubleshooting abilities.Able to define problems, collect data, establish facts and develop presentations to communicate recommendations on complex topics to Senior Management.Partners with the lines of business to plan new systems and to determine the feasibility and cost of delivering new systems or enhancements to existing systems.Provides project management leadership for assigned business initiatives and major IT efforts. Tracks issues, risks, decisions made as they relate to project scope, timelines and dependencies.Creates and executes project work plans and revises as authorized to meet changing needs and requirements.Maintains documentation that reflects any changes to scope, timelines, milestones and deliverables.Performs other duties as assigned.Level II Accountabilities - May also include a number of the responsibilities outlined below: PMO Project Manager II provides guidance to entry-level Project Manager I in conducting project management activities.For Business Continuity Planning purposes, assists business partners in recovery planning and recovery plan development enhancements.Capitalizes on business opportunities to refine production processes to mitigate exposure during disruptions of service, and, possibly, improve day-to-day operations.REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONSProject Manager I – Bachelor's degree in a systems-related or business management field desired; at least 3 to 5 years relevant work experience; and a general knowledge of the financial services industry products, services and operations is required at time of hire. Prior project management or team leader experience is required. Knowledge of project management techniques and tools and direct work experience in project management capacity.Project Manager II – Bachelor's degree in a systems-related or business management field desired; at minimum 6 years relevant work experience; and a thorough knowledge of the financial services industry products, services and operations is required at time of hire. Proven experience in strategic planning, risk management, change management. Proficient in project management software. Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) or Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) required.Must meet all required competencies within a specified timeframe in order to promote to the next levelJob Type: Full-time	11146	Washington
Information Technology Project Manager	US Administration for Children and Families	Washington, DC	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Department of Health And Human Services, Administration for Children and Families,Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR), Division of Unaccompanied Children's Program (DUCP), located in Washington DC, District of Columbia.

*This announcement will remain open for 10 business days OR until the first 100 applications have been received, whichever occurs first*
Responsibilities
Providing support to the Unaccompanied Children's Program (UCP) on the delivery of project management services within ORR.
Managing IT projects that are significantly important to the mission of the UCP.
Coordinating UCP IT systems, ensuring alignment with critical Agency priorities.
Ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems, networks, and data through the planning, analysis, implementation, maintenance, and enhancement of information systems security programs, policies, procedures, and tools.
Working with senior specialists in the development of information systems development and testing strategies, plans, or scenarios.
Assisting in researching and investigating new or improved technology, business, and procurement practices for application to Agency programs or operations.
Travel Required
25% or less - You may be expected to travel up to 25% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Technology Project Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship required
Registered or exempt from Selective Service (www.sss.gov)
If not previously completed, a background security investigation will be required for all appointees. Appointment will be subject to the applicant's successful completion of a background security investigation and favorable adjudication.
One year probationary period may be required
If you are selected for this position, the documentation that you present for purposes of completing the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 will be verified through the DHS ""E-Verify"" System.
All Federal employees are required to have Federal salary payments made by direct deposit to a financial institution of their choice.
Financial disclosure statement may be required.
Bargaining Unit Position: Yes
Drug Screening Required: No
Research Position: No
Qualifications
Applicants must demonstrate that they meet the Basic AND Specialized Experience requirements as noted below.

Basic Requirement: You must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below:

1. Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
2. Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
3. Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
4. Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

Specialized Experience:
GS-12: You must possess at least one year of specialized experience equivalent in difficulty and responsibility to the GS-11 level in the Federal service that includes the following:
Applying project management principles, processes and procedures to develop, schedule, coordinate, and manage projects and resources, to include monitoring and inspecting costs, work, and contractor performance
Providing a full range of acquisition, procurement and administrative areas and in procurement and contract policy, rules and regulations to evaluate compliance with rules, regulations and policies
Utilizing the principles, methods, and techniques of IT assessment, planning, management, monitoring, and evaluation, such as IT baseline assessment, interagency functional analysis, contingency planning, and disaster recovery to manage projects
Determining the methods, metrics, tools, and techniques to provide Business Process Reengineering
NOTE(s):
Experience: Your resume must support your claim of experience or you may be found ineligible.
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through national Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to gain employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. If such experience is on a part-time basis, you must provide the average number of hours worked per week as well as the beginning and ending dates of the experience so it can be fully credited.

All qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of the announcement.
Education
Education may not be used or combined to qualify for this position.
Additional information
INCENTIVES
Incentives may be authorized; however, this is contingent upon multiple factors, including funds availability. If authorized, certain incentives may require you to sign a service agreement to remain in the Federal government for a period of up to 3 years. Note: This statement does not imply nor guarantee an incentive will be offered and paid. Incentives may include the following: moving expenses, recruitment or relocation incentive; student loan repayment, superior qualifications appointment, creditable service for annual leave for prior non-federal work experience or prior uniformed military service, etc.

In accordance with Executive Order 12564 of September 14, 1986, The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is A Drug-Free Federal Workplace. The use of illegal drugs, on or off duty, by Federal employees is inconsistent not only with the law-abiding behavior expected of all citizens, but also with the special trust placed in such employees as servants of the public.

Reasonable Accommodation: This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please see Agency Contact Information for whom to contact for more info. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis. You must contact the HR contact on the vacancy announcement at least three business days before the closing date of this announcement to receive assistance. For more information on disability employment, please visit https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/disability-employment/

Selective Service: Males born after December 31, 1959 must be registered or exempt from Selective Service - http://www.sss.gov

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP): For information on how to apply as an ICTAP eligible see http://opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp#ictap. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, displaced Federal employees must be rated at 85.0 or above on the rating criteria for this position.

Political appointment: Beginning January 1, 2010, agencies must seek prior approval from OPM before they can appoint a current or recent political appointee to a competitive or non-political excepted service position at any level under the provisions of title 5, United States Code. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, or Non-career SES employee in the executive branch, you MUST disclose that to the Human Resources Office.

If you are unable to apply online, please go to https://help.usastaffing.gov/Apply/index.php?title=Alternate_Application_Information for more information on our alternate application method.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Additional selections may be made for similar positions across the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) within the local commuting area(s) of the location identified in this announcement. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with interested selecting official(s) at HHS. Clearance of CTAP/ICTAP will be applied for similar positions across HHS.


You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Direct Hire Authority: These positions will be filled through the Office of Personnel Management's Direct Hire Authority. The ""Rule of Three"", Category Rating and Veterans Preference will not apply to this vacancy. For more information on Direct Hire Authority, please see: OPM Direct Hire Fact Sheet.

Veterans: Although the Direct Hire Authority permits hiring without regard to Veterans Preference, applicants who are eligible for Veterans Preference are still encouraged to include that information in their application and submit supporting documentation (i.e. DD-214, or other substantiating documents). View information on veterans' preference.

We will review your resume and supporting documentation to ensure you meet the minimum qualification requirements. If you are qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for consideration and may be called for an interview.

To preview the assessment questionnaire, click the following link: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11141821

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
Submission of a resume alone IS NOT a complete application. You must provide a complete online Application Package which includes:

Your Resume must clearly articulate how your skills and experiences align to the criteria defined in the qualifications section of this announcement and it must support your responses to the assessment questionnaire. For each position you must describe your duties, accomplishments, related skills, and responsibilities. Your resume must also include the day, month, and year that you began and ended as well as hours worked per week (if less than 40) for each position held. Full-time employment will be assumed unless otherwise stated on your resume. Part-time employment will be prorated in crediting experience. Not providing this information may result in the lowering of your assessment score or an ineligible rating. For resume writing guidance, please visit the USAJobs Resource Center or view their video tutorial.
A complete Assessment Questionnaire (https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11141821)
Other Supporting Documents: (Only Submit if applicable to you.)
Veterans' Preference documentation:
Discharged Veterans: If you are claiming 5 point preference, you must submit a copy of your DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that supports dates of service and discharge status; if claiming 10 point preference, an application for 10-Point Veterans Preference (SF-15) and an official document dated 1991 or later, from the Department of Veterans Affairs or from a branch of the Armed Forces, and/or any other associated documentation based on your preference.
Active Duty Members: Under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to Hire Heroes Act of 2011, if claiming 5 point preference, submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
ICTAP/CTAP Documentation:
A copy of your RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for failure to relocate, notice of disability annuity termination, or certification from the National Guard Bureau or Military Department that you are eligible for disability retirement;
A copy of your SF-50 ""Notification of Personnel Action'', documenting your RIF separation, noting your positions, grade level, and duty location, and/or Agency certification of inability to place you through RPL, etc;
A copy of your latest performance appraisal including your rating; and
Any documentation from your agency that shows your current promotion potential.
You are not required to submit official documents at this time; copies are sufficient.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
All U.S. Citizens through Direct Hire procedures"	11146	Washington
Assistant, Individual Campaigns	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity. We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community. Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Salary: $41,600

Job Description

The Major Gifts and Leadership Campaigns seeks a dynamic self-starter who is energized by learning new skills, managing database projects, and expanding upon a passion for the arts and non-profits. The Assistant, Individual Campaigns assists the Manager of Major Gifts and the Director of Major Gifts and Leadership Campaigns in the planning, coordination, and execution of the Major Gifts Campaign (gifts of $50,000+) and the Kennedy Center International Committee for the Arts. The incumbent also provides administrative support for the Manager of National Advancement on the Kennedy Center’s Presidentially-appointed Board of Trustees and Advisory Committee. This includes critical direct and indirect donor stewardship; strategic donor outreach projects like email communications, acknowledgements, progress reports; research, mailings, benefits fulfillment, and database management. The incumbent manages his/her time, resources, and work load to maximize productivity and financial results; exercises discretion; evaluates complex internal and external relationships; and regularly takes initiative to fulfill department objectives and goals. This position works in tandem with an Assistant Manager of Leadership Campaigns and the Circles team.
Duties and Responsibilities

100% Provide support to the Manager of Major Gifts, Manager of National Advancement, and the Director of Major Gifts and Leadership Campaigns for all tasks surrounding the funding interests of 200+ donors in the Managers’ portfolios, as well as other and high-demand special campaigns, endowment, and events:

Drafting and editing all types of written materials (solicitations, acknowledgments, notes, research briefings, tax receipts, etc.) of varying length and complexity;
Identifying creative and bespoke gifts for donors as they relate to Kennedy Center milestones or personal donor milestones;
Accurately tracking progress, ensuring completion of action items from initial discovery through acquisition, and reporting Fund progress to Managers and Director;
Actively stewarding Major donors and their respective teams through direct contact via phone, email, in-person, and written communication and fulfilling donor benefits;
Managing Major donor ticket requests and pertinent event details for the Kennedy Center Honors, in addition to several other major fundraising events each season;
Working at major events or greeting donors at performances;
Assisting in the development of materials for Committee meetings throughout the year;

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree is preferred, but not required.
Minimum of one year of development or related office experience required.
Working knowledge of the performing arts is preferred.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Professional demeanor with strong interpersonal skills and superior written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent research and analytical skills.
Self-starter with the confidence to work without close supervision, in addition to the ability to work independently on multiple projects simultaneously.
Must possess the openness and flexibility to handle challenging situations calmly and quickly.
Careful attention to detail with an awareness of standard accounting procedures.
Ability to foresee development needs and possesses the openness to work with departments across the institution.
Ability to deftly manage many relationships and personality types - both internal among staff members, and external among constituents.
Experience with Tessitura is preferred, but any exposure to research tools is ideal.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is minimal, however attendance at major fundraising events and performances is required. In those conditions, the noise level is very loud. Travel up to 5% may be required, predominately local.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a matching 403(b) Retirement Plan (employees are eligible for organization match after 1 year of employment)."	11146	Washington
Technical Project Manager - Global Projects	Ursus	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	None	"Job Title: Technical Project Manager - Global Projects
Location: Washington D.C.
Duration: 1 Year

Summary:
Interpret business requests into organized requirements
Develop and manage end-to-end project plans and ensure on-time delivery
Provide hands-on program management during analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation phases
Perform risk management and change management on projects
Provide day-to-day coordination and quality assurance for projects and tasks
Drive internal process improvements across multiple teams and functions
Interface with engineering teams and cross-functional partners for project requirements and scope
Motivate and focus a large collaboration to reach challenging goals
Define operational processes of our review systems to maintain a stable, consistent environment.
Act as a trusted advisor to partners in developing and prioritizing comprehensive, data-driven tool improvement requests and raise core problems to Engineering and other cross-functional teams.


Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience in project management, operations, consulting, product management or equivalent field
Demonstrated analytical-thinking and problem-solving experience
Experience with process change management or process improvement
Experience liaising between technical and non-technical partners, and effectively collaborating with cross-functional stakeholders
Interpersonal experience, including relationship building and collaboration within cross-functional team
Analytical and problem-solving experience, and experience working with large-scale software systems


Preferred Qualifications
2+ years experience in one of the following: software engineering, systems engineering, support, solution engineering in addition to project/program management experience with a demonstrated track record of delivering business value using technology solutions in high-tech operations space
Expertise in multiple requirement analysis techniques/methodologies
Experience leading cross-functional efforts across multiple time zones and functions
Demonstrated ability to quickly adapt, learn new skill sets and ""roll-up the sleeves "" in order to accomplish all necessary tasks
Strong analytical and technical mindset, as well as strong organizational and relationship management skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication, influencing and problem-solving skills
Resourceful, action-orientated with the ability to get things done independently and overcome obstacles by developing creative solutions to problems








IND123"	11146	Washington
Strategic Program Manager	Paradyme Management	Washington, DC 20001 (Swampoodle area)	None	"Overview:

Paradyme Management is a rapidly growing government technology leader that puts service first, for its customers, its team and the communities it supports. Paradyme harnesses DevSecOps and Agile development processes to deliver exceptional results for digital transformations. With offices in Greenbelt, MD, and Tysons Corner, VA, Paradyme’s award-winning culture sets it apart through its team’s deep commitment to service and collaboration with its customers, each other and the community. Learn more at www.paradymemanagement.com .
We are seeking a Strategic Program Manager to lead a large software engineering effort supporting Homeland Security (DHS), United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).
Previous experience supporting USCIS is strongly desired.
Must be a US Citizen.
Responsibilities:

The candidate will oversee a program consisting of highly mature DevSecOps teams to accelerate the delivery of a digital system that is replacing a legacy platform and manual processes. The new system will be built with intelligent/automated workflows, and user-focused products and services. This will be a fast paced, multi-vendor environment comprised of business-aligned portfolios that are utilizing Lean-Agile software development best practices and DevSecOps principles to deliver high-quality, secure, and cost-effective digital solutions.
Must have strong experience in high-level executive and stakeholder management, and the effective management of software development projects. Coordinates with customer, business, and technology teams, ascertaining system requirements, such as program functions, output requirements, input data acquisition, and system techniques and controls. Must possess experience in delivering process and business process improvement efforts. Responsible for working with the team in decomposing high-level functional requirements and documenting system and technical requirements for development and testing. Ability to maintain broad situational awareness to mission and mission enablement through technology with understanding of describing trade-offs in prioritization based upon big picture of the ecosystem. Comfortable working in Agile teams, supporting a large IT transformation program, supporting digital transformation and adoption of DevSecOps practices, and working in requirement and design constructs when leveraging domain driven thinking representative of service orientation and microservices.
Provide project management support and team oversight to include documenting and tracking project schedules, managing and monitoring daily tasking on various initiatives, ensuring timely completion of project tasks, and developing reports
Assist with the authoring of life cycle management artifacts, such as business case and systems design documents
Act as a project liaison with external organizations to support coordination of activities, and milestone tracking
Provide requirements analysis; translating and simplifying requirements and coordinating approvals
Prepare and deliver oral presentations for the project team, stakeholders, and sponsors
Provide experienced support to senior level and team focused initiatives
Define requirements for existing and new systems
Review and provide feedback on technical documents
Attend weekly project risk management reviews
EEO Statement:

Paradyme is a federal contractor and an EEO and an Affirmative Action Employer. All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy-related disability, physical or mental disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, marital status, familial status, personal appearance, occupation, citizenship, veteran or military status, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law."	11146	Washington
Information Technology Specialist (Project Manager)	US Commodity Futures Trading Commission	Washington, DC	$74,029 - $108,737 a year	"Duties
Summary
The Division of Administration (DA) directs the innovative internal management of the Commission’s business, personnel, financial, technological, security, and strategic operational resources. This position is located in the Project Management Section, Information Technology Branch of the Division of Administration within the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC or Commission).

Responsibilities
If selected for this position, you will assist with all activities associated with project management including: project initiation, project planning, budget formulation and execution, resource allocation and tasking, project scope/goals/deliverables identification, project schedules and timelines, progress assessments, quality reviews, implementation strategies, user communication, staff communication, market research and benefits analysis. Additionally you will;

Perform initial intake of requests for services from the Project Management Section. Participate as a member of a team developing project requirements through stakeholder interviews and demonstrations of business processes and presents draft specifications and/or use cases to the supervisor and/or higher graded staff for discussion. Gather requirements and maintains the requirements traceability matrixes throughout the life of a project.
Draft customer business requirements and clarifies and updates requirements where appropriate. Assist higher graded IT Project Managers creating project artifacts, baselining artifacts, and maintaining project schedules.
Assist in task-oriented resource analysis and makes resource recommendations. Perform market research, assist customers with developing business cases, or identifies alternative solutions that are available within the Commission. This may include determining the level of labor resources and funds needed to successfully execute a project and the preparation of a cost/benefit justification for any recommendation.
Perform verification and validation of products and services. Assist higher graded IT Project Managers in performing quality reviews and assessments of all products and services. This includes maintaining the desired level of quality for all products and services through quality assurance and quality control. Use process documentation and process standards to verify quality and compliance through project audits and process checklists. This also includes quality control through software testing, product inspections, and peer reviews of deliverables.
Analyze business processes, diagram said processes, and make recommendations for improvements in efficiency or outcomes. Review and updates the portfolio management system. Triage the Investment Review Board (IRB) requests, develops meeting minutes, and memorializes decisions from the meeting;
Work with all project teams within the Division of Administration, CFTC management, and project stakeholders to provide communication management plans across all IT related projects.
Assist in creating written material needed to keep project management, CFTC management, and project stakeholders abreast of the project details through management and staff briefings, project plans, risk assessments and other deliverables required for the successful execution of a project.

Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Technology Project Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
U.S. Citizenship
Background/Security Investigation
Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service.
You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency (knowledge, skills and abilities) in the following areas:

Planning and Evaluating - Ability to organize work, set priorities, and determine resource requirements. Ability to determine short- or long-term goals and strategies to achieve them; and skill in coordinating with other organizations or parts of the organization to accomplish goals. Skill in performing work with careful attention to detail and the ability to monitor progress and evaluate outcomes.

Customer Service - Ability to anticipate and meet the needs of customers, deliver high-quality products and service, and exhibit commitment to continuous improvement.

Project Management - Knowledge of the principles, methods, or tools for developing, scheduling, coordinating, and managing projects and resources, including monitoring and inspecting costs, work, and contractor performance. Ability to identify problems; determine accuracy and relevance of information and use sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

Written and Oral Communication - Ability to communicate in a clear, concise and effective manner, both orally and in writing, in order to prepare reports that document analysis, findings, and conclusions.
Qualifications
Basic Requirements:

Individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below. The experience may be demonstrated by paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training (for example, IT certification), as appropriate.

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail;
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services;
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately; and
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.

TO QUALIFY AT THE CT-09 LEVEL:

Specialized Experience - Individuals must have at least one year of specialized experience at the CT/GS-07 grade level in the Federal Service. Specialized experience is defined as that through which one has gained knowledge of, and skill in applying IT Project Management principles, methods, and practices, sufficient to:

Perform information technology tasks ensuring continuous and successful system operations;
Perform technical aspects of an IT project as necessary;
Evaluate established methods and procedures and prepare recommendations for changes in methods and practices where appropriate; and
Manage projects conducted by project teams consisting of internal and contract resources, OR

Education - You may substitute education for specialized experience with a Master's (or equivalent graduate degree) or 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree in the following;

Computer science,
Engineering,
Information science,
Information systems management,
Mathematics,
Operations research,
Statistics, or
Technology management or
Degree that provided a minimum of 24 semester hours in one or more of the fields identified above and required the development or adaptation of applications, systems or networks;

You may also qualify for this position using a combination of appropriate specialized experience (as described above) and graduate education that is beyond the first year of progressive graduate study to meet the qualification requirements. You must submit your college transcripts to support your educational claims.
Education
To be creditable, education must have been obtained in an accredited college or university. You must report only attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions that are recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .

SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html
Additional information
Relocation. Relocation expenses will not be paid.

Probationary Period. Must serve a one year probationary period.

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP). The ICTAP provides eligible displaced federal competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your ICTAP eligibility, 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement, and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. To be well qualified, you must score 85 or better on established ranking criteria. You must provide proof of eligibility with your application to receive selection priority. Additional information about ICTAP eligibility is at:
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.ICTAP

Candidates MUST submit:
1. A copy of their agency reduction-in-force notice;
2. A copy of your most recent Performance Rating;
3. A copy of your most recent SF-50 noting current or last position held, the grade level, and the duty location; and
4. A copy of your notice of proposed removal for declining a directed reassignment or transfer of function outside the local
commuting area or documentation showing you were separated as a result of RIF or declining a directed reassignment or
transfer of function outside the local commuting area.

Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP).Provides eligible surplus and displaced competitive service employees in the CFTC with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If CFTC has notified you in writing that you are a surplus or displaced employee eligible for CTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your CTAP eligibility, 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement, and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. To be well qualified, you must rate equivalent to the Well Qualified or better category using established rating criteria. You must provide a copy of your written notification of CTAP eligibility with your application. Additional information about CTAP eligibility is at: http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.

The following links provide information on how you may be eligible for various hiring authorities:

1. VRA - http://federaljobs.net/veterans.htm

2. VEOA - http://opm.gov/staffingPortal/Vetguide.asp

3. 30% or more disabled veteran - http://opm.gov/staffingPortal/Vetguide.asp

4. Persons with disabilities - http://www.opm.gov/DISABILITY/

5. CTAP - http://www.opm.gov/ctap/

6. ICTAP - http://www.opm.gov/ctap/

EEO Policy Statement. The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, age, membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factor.

Reasonable Accommodation. Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your application will be evaluated and rated under CFTC Category Rating and Selection Procedures. Your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified for this job, your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your responses on the online assessment questionnaire. If you rate yourself higher than is supported by your application materials, your responses may be adjusted and/or you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Your application will then be placed in one of three categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, or Qualified. Names of all candidates in the best qualified category will be sent to the hiring official for employment consideration. Candidates within the best qualified category who are eligible for veterans preference will receive selection priority over non-veteran preference eligibles.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
You must provide a complete Application Package, which includes:

Resume showing relevant experience
Answers to the occupational questionnaire (vacancy announcement questions).

If you are requesting veterans' preference, you must submit (as applicable)

Copy of Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty);
Standard Form (SF) 15, “Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference;
VA Letter

Veterans Preference. If you are entitled to veteran preference, you should indicate the type of veteran preference you are claiming on your resume. In order to verify your veteran preference entitlement, please submit a copy of the Member Copy 4 of your DD-214 (Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty); official statement of service from your command if you are currently on active duty; or other official documentation (e.g., documentation of receipt of a campaign badge or expeditionary medal) that shows your military service was performed under honorable conditions.

In addition, if you are a disabled veteran, a Purple Heart recipient, or widow/widower of a veteran, the spouse of a disabled veteran or the natural mother of a disabled or deceased veteran, you must submit a Standard Form (SF) 15, “Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference,” and the other required documentation identified on the reverse side of the SF-15 to support your preference claim. Although veteran preference points are not assigned under the category rating procedures described under “How You Will Be Evaluated,” veteran preference eligibles are listed ahead of non-veterans within each category for which they are qualified. In addition, qualified veterans with a compensable service-disconnected disability of 10% or more are placed at the top of the highest quality category (i.e., Best Qualified).
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
We will accept applications from all US Citizens."	11146	Washington
Front Desk Agent	Hilton Garden Inn Washington DC/U.S. Capitol	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Fantastic opportunity to be part of a Hilton Garden Inn TEAM!
Summary
The Guest Service Agent is responsible for driving a positive guest service and TEAM culture through Front Desk operations. The hotel is located in the heart of DC/NOMA with clientele that includes families, students, business travelers and sports groups. It's an amazing time to be part of this TEAM.
What you will be doing
Welcome guest upon arrival and check-in according to established standards and procedures.
Handle all keys, mail, telephone, messages, and other items for guests as requested.
Provide information and to assist all guests
Provide courteous and efficient service and if possible to comply with each and every guest request.
Take reservations at the counter when the reservation department is closed.
Assign room and prepare keys for all arriving guests and groups.
Maintain excellent guest relations with in house guests at all times.
Post all charges without delay and update the folios.
Balance credit cards, charges, and cash.
Project a courteous and hospitable attitude at all times.
Be familiar with all room types, and rates in the hotel and upsell.
Handle guest complaints promptly.
Know guest room security, emergency, and fire procedures.
Be familiar with hotel facilities as well as major city attractions and provide guests with information when requested.
Keep Personal Grooming at the highest standard.
Follow Hilton hotel's cleanliness and sanitation practices and requirements.
Where this job could take you
Hilton Garden Inn is part of the Hilton Worldwide family of brands, one of the largest hotel companies in the world.
High opportunity for advancement through the company's Management Development Program - an extensive course that focuses on associate career growth.
Benefits
Hilton Worldwide Team Member Travel - A leading friends & family travel program is available
Benefits include Vacation, Medical, Dental, 401k Options
Competitive advancement opportunities
TEAM Values
The hotel values a LOU attitude, where an employee is encouraged to Lead, take Ownership, and deal with situations of all kinds with a sense of urgency. While this document describes the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job, we encourage and expect our team to go above and beyond the minimum standards at all times to show concern and care for the guest, co-workers and managers. The hotel believes in a culture where team members help each other, and work together in an environment where the most important task is providing exceptional service to guests, at all times."	11146	Washington
Installation Project Manager (DC)	Datawatch Systems, Inc	Bethesda, MD 20814 (Bethesda Center area)	None	"Overview:

Datawatch Systems, Inc. is accepting applications for a full-time Installation Project Manager to work in our DC location. The available position schedule is Monday through Friday. Overtime and advancement opportunities are available. All applicants applying for a position at Datawatch Systems must be willing to submit to a pre-employment drug screening and criminal background check. E/O/E/M/F/V/D
Responsibilities:
Must display excellent attention to detail.
Must be highly organized and able to manage multiple priorities and projects at once.
Must possess excellent interpersonal communication skills with employees and clients, both verbally and in writing.
Must have a solid technical knowledge base.
Knowledge of Windows is required, as well as the ability to quickly learn additional software tools.
Must be reliable and possess a strong sense of urgency
Must be able to work successfully in a team-oriented environment
Must have reliable transportation
As part of a 24/7/365 day environment, it is crucial that employees be reliable and have flexible scheduling availability - occasional holidays are required."	11146	Washington
Diversity and Inclusion Program Manager	US Food and Drug Administration	Silver Spring, MD	$122,530 - $159,286 a year	"Duties
Summary
The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) assures that patients and providers have timely and continued access to safe, effective, and high-quality medical devices and safe radiation-emitting products. CDRH facilitates medical devices innovation by advancing regulatory science, providing industry with predictable, consistent, transparent, and efficient regulatory pathways, and assuring consumer confidence in devices marketed in the U.S.
Responsibilities
This position(s) is located in the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Center for Devices and Radiological Heath (CDRH), Office of Management (OM), Planning and Program Analysis Staff (PPAS), in Silver Spring, Maryland.
This position(s) is located in the FDA, CDRH, OM, PPAS, in Silver Spring, Maryland.
PPAS provides program and project management support and coordination for Center-wide and OM administrative initiatives.
As a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Program Manager, you will be responsible for the design, development, implementation of these programs;
Oversee the CDRH Inclusion Council, providing advice and consultation to senior executives and other leaders on matters relating to employee diversity, equity and inclusion;
Collaborate and establish partnerships within an organization to implement actionable insights;
Research and integrate employee diversity, inclusion and equity best practices into program plans and;
Lastly, ensure all employee diversity, inclusion and equity activities are implemented, tracked, and evaluated.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
14
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Development Managers
Managers, All Other
Managers, Development
Managers, Training
Training Managers
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Citizenship Requirement: You must be a U.S. Citizen to be considered for this advertisement unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Selective Service Registration: All applicants born male, on (or after) 12/31/1959, must be registered with the Selective Service System OR have an approved exemption. Visit www.SSS.gov for more info.
FDA participates in e-Verify: All new hires must complete the I-9 form; this information will be processed through e-Verify to determine your employment eligibility. If a discrepancy arises, you must take affirmative steps to resolve the matter.
Background Investigation Requirement: All employees must pass a security investigation. Failing to pass the background check may be grounds for removal or legal action. If hired, you may be subject to additional investigations at a later time.
Time-in-Grade Requirement: If you are applying as a current Federal employee, you must meet the time-in-grade requirements described in the Qualifications section, generally, 52-weeks of comparable experience at the next lowest grade.
You must meet ALL requirements by the closing date of this announcement to be considered. Only education, experience, and qualifications attained by this date will be considered. You must continue to meet all requirements through the hiring process.
Certification of Accuracy: All information concerning eligibility and qualification is subject to investigation and verification. False representation may be grounds for non-consideration, non-selection, or appropriate legal action.
Direct Deposit: You will be required to have all federal salary payments electronically deposited into a bank account with a financial institution of your choice.
Additional selections may be made from this vacancy, within the same geographical area, by other organizational elements from within FDA, through shared corporate recruiting activities.
Qualifications
The position of Diversity and Inclusion Program Manager falls under the 0301 occupational series. To qualify for this position at grade GS-14, you must meet Time-in-Grade requirements by 11:59 pm EST on 06/30/2021.

You must have one year (52 weeks) of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service. This experience includes:

Leading the strategic design and implementation of a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion program;

Analyzing data on diversity, equity, and inclusion and recommending strategies for continuous program improvement; and/or

Designing and implementing diversity, equity and inclusion infrastructure to include tools, templates, databases, technology solutions.

Time-in-Grade: Any individual who is currently holding, or has held within the previous 52 weeks, a General Schedule position under non-temporary appointment in the competitive or excepted service, must meet time-in-grade requirements (must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade or equivalent in the Federal service). Time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

In accordance with Office of Personnel Management policy, federal employees are assumed to have gained experience by performing duties and responsibilities appropriate for their official series and grade level as described in their position description. Experience that would not normally be part of the employee's position is creditable, however, when documented by satisfactory evidence, such as a signed memorandum from the employee's supervisor or an SF-50 or SF-52 documenting an official detail or other official assignment. The documentation must indicate whether the duties were performed full time or, if part time, the percentage of times the other duties were performed. It is expected that this documentation is included in the employee's official personnel record. In order to receive credit for experience in your resume that is not within the official series and grade level of your official position, you must provide a copy of the appropriate documentation of such experience as indicated above.

If you are applying based on some other qualifying eligibility (i.e. you are not applying as a current Federal employee), you must meet the specific requirements of the eligibility you are claiming, and must have sufficient past experience to demonstrate that you are minimally qualified for this position. See Unique Hiring Paths on USAJOBS for more information about various ways you may be eligible to apply!

PHS Commissioned Corps Officers interested in performing the duties of this position within the Commissioned Corps may apply online to this announcement. Candidates will be referred to (CC) personnel and not as candidates for conversion to a permanent career or career-conditional appointment.

NOTE: It is your responsibility to ensure your responses and appropriate documentation is submitted prior to the closing date. To verify your application is complete, log into your USAJOBS account, https://my.usajobs.gov/Account/Login, select the Application Status link and then select the More Information link for this position. The Details page will display the status of your application, the documentation received and processed, and any correspondence the agency has sent related to this application.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. Qualifications are based on breadth/level of experience. In addition to describing duties performed, applicants must provide the exact dates of each period of employment (from MM/YY to MM/YY) and the number of hours worked per week if part time. As qualification determinations cannot be made when resumes do not include the required information, failure to provide this information may result in disqualification. Applicants are encouraged to use the USAJOBS Resume Builder to develop their federal resume.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

You must submit supporting documentation to verify your eligibility to apply for this vacancy. For most applicants, an SF-50 will be required. However, if you are applying as a Veteran, individual with a qualifying disability, or a displaced employee, you will be required to provide other supporting documents as applicable. See the Required Documents section for details.

Be sure that any files you upload as supporting documentation are free of security or compression features which render such documents unreadable to our system.
Education
Education is not qualifying for this position.
Additional information
For some advertisements, the Food & Drug Administration receives hundreds, even thousands, of applications from job-seekers. Because of this high level of interest, FDA reserves the option of setting an application number limit.

When an application limit is set, USAJOBS will close the vacancy at 11:59 pm Eastern Time on either:
(A) the day the limit is reached, -OR-

(B) the pre-defined closing date of , whichever comes first.
If the limit is reached before 11:59 pm ET, all applications in excess of the limit will continue to be accepted until 11:59 pm ET.
The application limit for this advertisement, if applicable, is: there is no limit
For more information about announcement closing, see: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/faq/job-announcement/expiration/

ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT THAT MAY BE REQUIRED

Pre-employment physical: no

Drug testing: no
License: no
Mobility agreement: no
Immunization: no
Bargaining Unit Position: no
If you are serving, or have served in the last 5 years (from ) as an Executive Branch political, Schedule C, or Non-career SES appointee, HHS/FDA may be required to obtain approval by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) prior to beginning employment. You can find out if you have held one of these appointment types by looking at your Standard Form 50s in your Electronic Official Personnel Folder (eOPF), in Section 5 where the legal authorities are listed. If you have served or are currently serving, you must provide a copy of your SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, documenting this appointment. In addition, you will be required to respond to the question in the assessment and certify your responses to the questionnaire. Political Appointees FAQ - OPM
Special Appointing Authorities: If you are applying to this announcement based a special eligibility, such as those for people with disabilities, veterans (or military spouses), or displaced employees under a career transition program, please pay careful attention to the Required Documents section for details on application requirements for each eligibility path, to include supporting document requirements.
All requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement ( ); only education and experience gained by this date will be considered. You must continue to meet all requirements throughout the entire hiring process.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the job opportunity announcement closes (at 11:59 pm EST on06/30/2021 ), a review of your resume and supporting documentation will be conducted, the information will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your eligibility for Federal employment, and then whether you are qualified for this particular position.

If you are referred to the hiring manager for consideration, you may be further evaluated based on an interview; review of requested work samples, writing samples, most recent performance evaluation(s), or professional references; or results of an oral presentation or work-related test. Failure to comply with any of the additional assessment requirements will result in removal from further consideration. These assessment methods/tools may also be listed under Key Requirements.

If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your responses when compared to your background information, you may be deemed ineligible, or your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your skills and abilities. Additionally, we will review your supporting documents and resume to determine if you are in the ""Area of Consideration"" for this vacancy. Government-Wide Merit Promotion vacancies may only accept applications from a limited audience, pay careful attention to the ""Who May Apply"" and the ""Hiring Paths"" information. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

Basis of Rating: Merit Promotion Procedures for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will be used to rate and rank candidates. The category assignment is a measure of the degree in which your background matches the competencies required for this position. Qualified candidates will be ranked into one of three categories: Best Qualified, Well-Qualified or Qualified.

Interagency / Career Transition Assistance Program (I/CTAP):Well-Qualified is defined as an applicant who meets the qualification standards and eligibility requirements for the position, including minimum educational and experience requirements; any qualifications and suitability; is able to perform the essential duties of the position, with or without reasonable accommodation; meets any applicable selective placement factors for the position (such as the ability to speak a specific language or any other factor required immediately upon hire); and is able to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position upon entry. To be well-qualified and exercise selection priority for this vacancy, surplus or displaced Federal employees must be rated at 85.0 or above on the rating criteria for this position. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics). You need not respond to the KSA's separately, but your resume should contain sufficient information to demonstrate possession of these competencies.

Program Management
Project Management
Collaboration and Partnering
To preview the application questionnaire, click the link below
https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11137359

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Credentialing
Required Documents

Required Documents
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

Resume
Resume Requirements:
Resume Writing Tutorial
Resume Writing FAQ
ACCEPTED DOCUMENTS:
Cover Letter
DD-214/ Statement of Service
Disability Letter (Schedule A)
Disability Letter (VA)
License
Other supporting documentation not listed above
PCS Orders
Performance Appraisal
Professional Certification
Resume
Separation Notice (RIF)
SF-15
SF-50/ Notification of Personnel Action
Transcript
*Accepted documents may be required for some applicants depending on which eligibility options you're applying for, see the list below for details for each eligibility. If you need help submitting documentation, please see Applicant Help Site - Documents. If you are still unsure what documents might be required of you, please contact the FDA Applicant Help Desk before the announcement closes. For transcript submission requirements, see the Education section.

Current and Former Federal Employees:

To properly verify eligibility and time-in-grade, you must submit the following:
SF-50 from your most recent Promotion, Within Rate/Grade Increase (WRI/WGI), Appointment, or Separation showing you are/were in the competitive service and the highest grade or promotion potential held. SF-50 submitted cannot be an annual pay adjustment or award.
Your SF-50 must show the following information:
Full position title;
Appointment type;
Pay Plan, Series, Grade & Step;
Tenure code; and
Service Computation Date (SCD).
Learn more on the USAJOBS SF-50 Help Page.

Veterans & Military Spouses:
You must submit a DD-214 form (Certificate of Release or Discharge) that has the dates of service and discharge status.
Active Duty Members: To claim status Under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to hire Heroes Act of 2011, submit written documentation from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted with your application package.
Parents of Deceased or Disabled Veterans: To claim status under Gold Star Fathers Act of 2015, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Widow or Widower: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the deceased or disabled veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
Spouse of a Living Veteran: To claim preference, you must submit a copy of the veterans' DD Form 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from the armed forces that has the dates of service and discharge status AND the SF-15, Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference, and Documentation of Veteran's Inability to Work Because of a Service-Connected Disability. Please follow the instructions in the SF-15 on required documentation to be submitted.
See Feds Hire Vets or USAJOBS' Veterans page for more details.

People with Disabilities (Schedule A):
Individuals with intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities, may apply for appointment through the Schedule A hiring authority. Certified verification of a disability from a licensed medical professional; a licensed vocational rehabilitation specialist; or any Federal, state, or District of Columbia agency or U.S. territory that issues or provides disability benefits will be required. Learn more on the USAJOBS Individuals with Disabilities Site.

Displaced employees:
If you are a former Federal employee who was displaced due to a Reduction-in-Force (RIF) or surplused by some other means, please submit a copy of the separation letter or RIF notice from your agency. To be selected under I/CTAP, you must still be found well-qualified for this position. See the How You Will Be Evaluated section for the agency's definition of well-qualified. Learn more on the USAJOBS Career Transition Assistance Site.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Federal career or career-conditional employees in the competitive service; former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility; displaced Federal employees requesting special priority selection consideration under CTAP and ICTAP; veterans eligible under VEOA and military spouses; PHS Commissioned Corps Officers; individuals with disabilities; individuals eligible under special authorities; family of overseas employees; and land and base management employees are eligible to apply."	11146	Washington
IT Project Management Associate Director	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.
Responsibilities:
End to end management of IT client engagements - detailed project plans, scope and budget definition, resource allocation, product delivery, maintenance
Organize and facilitate project timelines with clients and team, including generating estimates for project complexity and duration
Serve as point person in client communications and manage developer/client interactions
Provide leadership and mentoring to team members on project development and client management skills
Manage client relationship and expectations throughout project lifecycle
Communicate project status to all stakeholders (internal and external), work to resolve issues and problems, proactively identify project risks and make recommendations for resolution to ensure project success
Overseeing daily standups, sprint planning, demos, retrospectives, etc.
Help develop and maintain core team processes
Prepare roadmap reports for projects to both team members and clientele
Qualifications:
8+ years of related work experience in IT Program Management
Must have built and implemented an IT PMO
Able to identify and execute strategic priorities and process improvements
Experience building relationships with executive level clients and business owners
Excellent presentation and interpersonal skills; ability to understand and solution for complex problems
Strong leadership, communication and management skills
Experienced at building strategic relationships across the organization
Identifying and addressing client needs; building solid relationships with clients; communicating with the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner; delivering clear requests for information; demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks; and communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor
Work closely with clients to effectively design and build reports, processes, and deliverables; collaborate with team and clients to drive actions and decisions
Maintain stakeholder management logs, communication plans, and project plans
Liaise with Senior IT leadership on a regular basis, and coordinate IT efforts with business stakeholders across the agency


Additional Requirements:

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
Disclaimer:

About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program"	11146	Washington
IT PROJECT MANAGER (APPLICATIONS SOFTWARE)	US HQDA Field Operating Agencies and Staff Support...	Fort Belvoir, VA	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Duties
Summary
About the Position: THIS POSITION IS WITH HQDA, US ARMY LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIVISION LOCATED AT FORT BELVOIR, VIRGINIA
Responsibilities
Serve as a Project Officer in the Information Technology Division (ITD), responsible for managing the coordination and accomplishment of the planning, scope, development, design, construction, and direction of minor/major (IT) projects.
Receive, review, and analyze project/program assignments.
Coordinate with system owners and internal agencies and industry specialists to obtain and exchange information, and develop recommendations for project management decision.
Plans and conducts functional technical activities for projects/programs.
Develop all reports, briefings, and status of assigned projects/programs.
Adapts existing plans and techniques to accomplish complex projects/programs.
Leads and or conducts meetings, briefings, and other tasks.
Advises management on any required policy/procedural changes.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel UP TO 5% for this position.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
None
Job family (Series)
2210 Information Technology Management
Similar jobs
Information Systems Managers
Information Technology Project Managers
Managers, Information Systems
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Appointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Qualifications
Who May Apply: Only applicants who meet one of the employment authority categories below are eligible to apply for this job. You will be asked to identify which category or categories you meet, and to provide documents which prove you meet the category or categories you selected. See Proof of Eligibility for an extensive list of document requirements for all employment authorities.

30 Percent or More Disabled Veterans
Current Department of Army Civilian Employees
Current Permanent Department of Defense (DOD) Civilian Employee (non-Army)
Domestic Defense Industrial Base/Major Range and Test Facilities Base Civilian Personnel Workforce
Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act
Military Spouses, under Executive Order (E.O.) 13473
Non-Appropriated Fund Instrumentality (NAFI)
Non-Department of Defense (DoD) Transfer
Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Interchange Agreement Eligible
People with Disabilities, Schedule A
Priority Placement Program, DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) Eligible
Reinstatement
Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) of 1998

In order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described below. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application. Additional information about transcripts is in this document.

BASIC REQUIREMENT FOR IT PROJECT MANAGER (APPLICATIONS SOFTWARE):
Specialized and Other Experience: I have one year of specialized experience which includes; Plan and execute technical activities for projects and/or programs; develop and/or coordinate with system owners/internal agencies to share information to facilitate effective project management decisions; and effectively manage coordination and completion of IT project from inception to delivery.

This definition of specialized experience is typical of work performed at the next lower grade/level position in the federal service GS-11.

The specialized experience must include, or be supplemented by, information technology related experience (paid or unpaid experience and/or completion of specific, intensive training, as appropriate) which demonstrates each of the four competencies, as defined:

(1) Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: leading others by setting the standards for the quality of work, even in the most difficult and/or high pressure circumstances; reviewing and editing work completed by others to ensure that the quality of work meets acceptable work standards.

(2) Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: using expertise and experience to address complex problems, questions, or complaints; anticipating customer needs and modify the team's work activities, processes, and practices to meet these needs; collaborating across team and outside of own team to organize planning sessions that elicit ideas for improving customer service and support.

(3) Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: clearly explaining and defending complex ideas, appropriately adapting to each audience's level of knowledge; actively listening and clarifying points when presenting highly complex and controversial findings; using well-constructed, fact-based arguments to persuade stakeholders/officials to take action on suggestions for improvement.

(4) Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. Examples of IT-related experience demonstrating this competency include: providing precedent setting solutions to unique problems not previously encountered; helping team make decisions which are complicated by the number and nature of existing policy, guidelines, and organizational goals; identifying the root causes of problems; developing systemic solutions to address them and prevent them from reoccurring.

You will be evaluated on the basis of your level of competency in the following areas:

Information Resources Strategy and Planning
Planning and Evaluating
Project Management

Time in Grade Requirement: Applicants who have held a General Schedule (GS) position within the last 52 weeks must have 52 weeks of Federal service at the next lower grade or equivalent (GS-11).
Education
** Some federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required experience in order to qualify. For this job, you must meet the qualification requirement using experience alone-no substitution of education for experience is permitted.
Additional information
Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must complete a Pre-Employment Certification Statement for Selective Service Registration.
You will be required to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship.
Two year trial/probationary period may be required.
Direct deposit of pay is required.
Selection is subject to restrictions resulting from Department of Defense referral system for displaced employees.
If you have retired from federal service and you are interested in employment as a reemployed annuitant, see the information in the Reemployed Annuitant information sheet.
This is a Career Program (CP) 34 - Information Technology/Cyber Management position.
You may claim military spouse preference (MSP).
If a MSP applicant is determined best qualified and selected, placement must be at the full performance level for priority consideration.
Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement.
Salary includes applicable locality pay or Local Market Supplement.
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.
Payment of Permanent Change of Station (PCS) costs is NOT authorized, based on a determination that a PCS move is not in the Government interest.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Once the announcement has closed, a review of your application package (resume, supporting documents, and responses to the questionnaire) will be used to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements listed on this announcement. If you are minimally qualified, your résumé and supporting documentation will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your level of experience. If, after reviewing your résumé and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully when applying, errors or omissions may affect your eligibility.

You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation.

Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP). If you are a Federal employee in the competitive service and your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority for this position. To receive selection priority, you must: (1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria (2) be rated well-qualified for the position and; (3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. To be considered well-qualified and receive selection priority applicants must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a score of 90 or above. Additional information about the program is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Secret
Drug test required
No
Required Documents

Required Documents
The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). Please review the following links to see which documents you need to provide to prove your eligibility to apply: Applicant Merit Checklist and Proof of Eligibility.

As described above, your complete application includes your resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply. If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further.


1. Your resume:

Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
If your resume includes a photograph or other inappropriate material or content, it will not be used to make eligibility and qualification determinations and you may not be considered for this vacancy.
For qualifications determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., HRS per week and month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as incomplete and you may not receive consideration for this position.
For additional information see: What to include in your resume.
2. Other supporting documents:
Cover Letter, optional
Most recent Performance Appraisal, if applicable
Proof of Eligibility to Apply: Your application must include the documents which prove you are eligible to apply for the vacancy. The Proof of Eligibility document describes authorities commonly used in merit promotion recruitment and what document(s) are required to prove you meet the requirements of the authority. You must meet the requirements of at least one of the authorities listed in the Who May Apply section above to receive further consideration.
Time-in-grade documentation: If you are applying for a higher grade and your SF-50 has an effective date within the past year, it may not clearly demonstrate you meet the one year time-in-grade requirement so you will need to provide an SF-50 which clearly demonstrates you meet the time-in-grade requirements (examples of appropriate SF-50s include Promotions, Within-grade Grade/Range Increases, and SF-50s with an effective date more than one year old).
NOTE: Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove another person's personal information before you submit your application. You may be asked to provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected to confirm your eligibility.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Individuals with disabilities
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
See ""Who May Apply"" in the ""Qualifications"" section for more information on who is eligible to apply for this position."	11146	Washington
Human Resources Associate	Hill+Knowlton Strategies	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	None	"Hill+Knowlton Strategies is seeking a People + Culture Associate. In this role, you will ensure complete and timely execution of project plans and support the regional People + Culture Managers to coordinate the efforts of these continuous improvement initiatives. Assist with developing and deploying tools and programs, enhancing project management capabilities across the HR function.
Compliance
Assist with preparation of annual compliance reports in the region (AAP, Compensation Survey’s, EEO/Vets, WPP HR Survey, Women Survey, etc.)
Assist with preparing regular reports, i.e. headcount, turnover, hiring statistics, etc.
Maintain and prepare monthly reporting to Finance and Talent Teams
Act as HR record keeper and perform basic analysis in partnership with HR team to provide weekly/monthly/annual reports as needed
Complete Employee verifications
Create employee folders through Microsoft Teams and upload, maintain folders with employee records
Track employee milestone anniversaries and prepare necessary information to send out on their anniversary
Various projects working with the US HR team as specified
Talent Acquisition
Track Temporary employee list and manage contract extensions
Onboarding
Initiate New Hire tickets for creation of laptop and email set up
Coordinate and schedule all new hire onboarding schedules working with both HR and hiring managers
Maintain onboarding paperwork via Jobvite
Handle all new hire tasks including adding to necessary trainings, sending PTO emails out, and travel log
Off-boarding
Create and implement exit interview form for Fellows to complete with separation
Input exit interview data into TalentTree, our HRIS system, to comply with WPP’s global requirements
Initiate termination tickets for leavers for email/overall set up to be turned off
Assist with preparing exit interview summary and analysis
Payroll
Provide HRIS data entry support when needed
About
Hill+Knowlton Strategies is an international public relations company with over 85 offices around the world.

We believe that every corporation, every brand, every client has a public and today’s public is more powerful than ever before. They have the power to topple CEO’s, reshape corporate and brand strategy, kill products and create unicorns. Today’s public demands truth, transparency and the highest behavioral standards.
Our client obsession means constantly evolving new products + services to help brands and the public communicate. Always in beta.
At H+K our belief is that the agency is a canvas for everyone to write their own story. This job description is written at a moment in time; whatever role you take at H+K we expect you to evolve that role; it should be different tomorrow than it is today and set new standards in the industry.
Join our team and harness the power of the public.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Hill+Knowlton Strategies does not discriminate against applicants or employees because of their race, creed, color, age, religion, sex, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, military status, national origin, or ancestry.
JT"	11146	Washington
Administrative Project Manager - FAA	DIGITALiBiz, Inc	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Federal Center area)	None	"Company OverviewDIGITALiBiz, Inc. (iBiz) is an information technology (IT) and business consulting small business providing next-generation solutions to federal government customers. Our mission is to maximize the use of IT systems, business process engineering, research, analysis, and customer-focused best practices to implement vision and innovation that works. Our experience developing effective, scalable, and usable IT and program management solutions helps solve our customers real-world business problems. Founded in 2002, iBiz is headquartered in Rockville, MD and has been recognized as a Washington Post 2015 and 2016 Top Workplace and 2018 and 2019 Best Places to Work awardee by the Washington Business Journal. If you enjoy the challenge of a fast-paced environment with friendly people who are truly driven to achieve superior results, iBiz is for you!ResponsibilitiesThis position provides non-technical oversight of multiple professional services projects, initially eFAST NextGen Portfolio Management and Business and Financial Management Support, providing various project management functions. The role comprises contract management and oversight in accordance with the Project Management Plan, Statement of Work (SOW) and iBiz Quality Management System (QMS) requirements. The APM interfaces government COR(s) and iBiz Corporate Operations, supervises iBiz contract personnel, and conducts site visits, customer meetings, and team meetings. Finally, the person fulfilling this role will also support current and future business development activities.More specific duties include the following: Review and approve timecards and invoices (iBiz and subcontractor), prepare and coordinate monthly status reports and program management reviews, and submit and manage travel and ODC requests.Ensure deliverables are provided on time and in accordance with performance and quality standards.Provide programmatic interface between government COR(s) and iBiz Corporate Operations.Supervise iBiz contract personnel, including performance management, PTO approval, personnel hiring and onboarding, team morale, etc.Conduct site visits, customer meetings, and team meetings.Support business development activities, ranging from organic growth of current contracts to the capture, bid, and proposal for other iBiz opportunities.Required Skills, Education, Certifications and ExperienceBA/BS degree + 10 relevant years of experience; orPh. D + 6 relevant years of experience; orMaster's + 8 relevant years of experienceExperience managing services contracts, including interfacing with COR, invoicing, reporting, etc.Experience supervising personnel, including performance management, professional development, morale, recruiting, onboarding, etc.Experience developing business opportunities and engaging in capture, bid, and proposal activitiesAbility to work with minimal supervision, take direction easily, and remain flexible as needs evolveStrong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to coordinate and collaborate with clients, staff, COR, and company corporate operations staffAbility to operate proactively – to anticipate where support for the client is neededExperience with the Office 365 suite, including but not limited to: Teams, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, etc.Ability to obtain Public Trust ClearancePreferredCurrent Public Trust ClearanceExperience managing FAA professional services contractsExperience/understanding of FAA NextGen program and organizationPhysical requirements for this positionThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to work remaining in a stationary position, often standing or sitting for prolonged periods; repeating motions that may include the wrists, hands and/or fingers. Must be able to lift 20 lbs. or greaterDIGITALiBIZ, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity EmployerAll applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, age, sex, creed, national origin or ancestry, religious persuasion, marital status, political belief, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, status as a veteran or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. (Collectively an ""Protected Basis"")Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19"	11146	Washington
Manager, IT	KaBOOM!	Washington, DC 20008 (Forest Hills area)	None	"Position Name: Manager, IT
Department: Talent Management, Inclusion & Operations
Reports To: Vice President, Finance & Operations

About KABOOM!
KABOOM! works nationally to achieve playspace equity: where every kid has access to high-quality playspaces. We do this by amplifying the power of communities to build inspiring play spaces that spark unlimited opportunities for every kid, everywhere. We believe that the right to play is a social justice issue, and that systemic and structural racism has created a gap in access to play for communities of color therefore we center racial equity in pursuit of playspace equity We know that creating equitable access to play opportunities requires cross-sector partnerships and systems-level solutions and are driven to lead this collaboration.
Summary of Position:
This position will oversee and manage the IT infrastructure and business applications, including vendor contracts, solution maintenance and implementation, user support and security monitoring. While this role oversees the organizations infrastructure, because of the small team structure, candidate must be willing and able to roll up sleeves and get hands dirty.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Monitor performance and manage all infrastructure and application solutions and their ongoing maintenance.
Be the technical expert in IT applications and environment; maintain the proper evolution paths to support business growth & efficiency.
Maintain a budget and projections for expenditures.
Collaborate and foster business relationships with vendors and consultants.
Manage a hardware program insuring all users have properly performing equipment.
Monitor the support channels ensuring timely support is being provided and support trends are being addressed.
Define standards and ensure consistent practices and processes be applied throughout all KABOOM! systems.
Evaluate new and emerging technologies as potential sources of innovation.
Maintain an effective plan for continuity of operations.
Provide technical guidance and leadership in fostering the career plans and professional growth of the IT staff.
Effectively work across departmental boundaries to foster collaboration and teamwork.
Working closely with other department Managers to assess the growth needs and maintenance of the company’s network
Line manage one (1) direct report
Actively cultivates an inclusive work environment that contributes to the achievement of the organization’s diversity and inclusion goals and cultural competences; including but not limited to the areas of recruitment, retention, and training and development

Nice to haves:
Facilitate and manage business requirements gathering process across business units and ensure IT solutions meet business needs & priorities
Work with departments to develop business cases and cost benefit analyses for solutions/projects.
Adept knowledge of IT architecture, deployments, project management, business case and metric tracking/monitoring in order to track active projects and tasks.
Lead large IT projects, including the design and deployment of new IT systems and services

Qualifications:
5+ years in the information technology field with leadership responsibility.
Solid understanding of IT operations, enterprise architecture, system integration, capacity planning, and security.
Salesforce experience (admin and preferably development).
Experience managing cloud deployments.
Motivated, persistent, and able to manage multiple priorities simultaneously.
Customer service and interpersonal skills
Employee management and development experience.
Exceptional communication and presentation skills and a high level of technical aptitude.

Other Skills, Abilities, and Attributes:
Possess the skills necessary to lead and function effectively in a culture of rapid change.
Model the behaviors that demonstrate commitment to KaBOOM! vision, mission, culture and values.
Possess the proven ability to deliver improvements that achieve the organization’s goals and objectives.
Be willing to challenge traditional wisdom and advance innovative ways of resolving problems.
Possess the orientation and competencies necessary to collaborate and work effectively with diverse groups, and align with internal and external stakeholders.
Be committed to accomplish goals through the skills of persuasion, influence and negotiation.
Possess the ability to work as an effective team leader and member of a diverse work force.
Possess excellent communication skills (listening, oral, written and presentation).
Possess strong organizational, and leadership skills.
Possess a good sense for administrative quality; able to prioritize, multi-task and effectively implement change.
Use analytical skills and judgment to solve problems with limited available information.
Ability to effectively communicate complicated matters in a simple, structured way.
Covid-19 Vaccination required

Key Competencies for Success:
Action and Results Orientation
Agility and Speed
Dealing with Ambiguity
Business Acumen
Creativity
Decision Making
Managing Change
Managerial Courage
Integrity and Trust
Self Development and Learning

Essential Functions of Job:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential function of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The employee must have the ability to maintain acceptable standards of office conduct, work effectively with staff and proficient with computer software. The employee typically sits at a workstation or moves about to coordinate work. The employee must regularly lift and/or move objects up to 10 pounds. Occasional travel is required.
This job description does not constitute an employee agreement between the employer and the employee; this description is subject to change by the employer as the needs and requirements of the job change."	11146	Washington
IT Manager	Kearns & West	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	IT ManagerWashington DC THE ORGANIZATIONKearns & West provides a spectrum of services including facilitation; public involvement; project management; digital engagement and collaborative technology; process and meeting design, conflict resolution including mediation; outreach and engagement; collaborative decision-making; and strategic planning. We work extensively – but not exclusively – on public policy decision-making, conflict resolution, and citizen engagement across a broad spectrum of issues. Our collaborative programs are designed to identify and organize a range of issues, opinions, goals and interests into clear, productive processes that lead to successful conclusions for diverse parties and key stakeholders.Kearns & West’s “IT Backbone” supports our organization and teams, ensuring functionality for our matrixed, small business to continue to thrive and grow. Kearns & West also has a Digital Engagement team that drives technology innovation in our services and client environments, helping groups achieve more when they are together (in person or virtually) and between meetings. As new technology pilots and needs evolve towards broader team adoption, our IT team helps deploy and manage technologies firm-wide.Kearns & West’s mission: Organizations impacting society operate within a complex framework of needs, policies, interests, and markets. Kearns & West navigates this framework to help clients collaborate, communicate vision, and create productive connections with their stakeholders, employees and customers.THE POSITIONKearns & West is seeking an IT Manager to lead our internal IT team. The K&W IT Team includes K&W Principals, leadership from our external-facing Digital Engagement team, and Project Coordinator / Office Manager support. The IT Manager will lead implementation of our firm’s “IT Backbone” – the core IT tools and services K&W leverages for our team to coordinate and deliver internal and external services (e.g., Office 365, VoIP Phones [currently Ring Central], Email Security Training [currently KnowB4], webinar platforms [zoom, webex] etc.) The IT Manager will team closely with our Digital Engagement team – as value-add technologies shift from project uses into broader firm-wide adoption and incorporation into our “backbone” of core tools.This job isn’t: The help desk / first-responder role for “backbone” Kearns & West IT support (e.g., problem solving issues with Outlook.) We leverage an external managed service provider for that.This job is: Managing our external service provider and teaming on visioning and leading support for strategic IT initiatives.RESPONSIBILITIES· Liaise with the managed IT service / Help Desk provider serving as the firm’s core point of contact· Manage IT vendor relationships and oversee technology-oriented subscription/license services· Plan and oversee strategic IT initiatives related to the rollout and continued use of security solutions, new technologies, major software upgrades, and others· Document and track key metrics related to firm-wide IT performance for regular briefings and check-in with various firm staff· Provide direct support to clients and stakeholders needing interoperability with firm technologies· Work with relevant staff to manage and improve firm IT security, providing direct training and implementation support to staff· Create and curate support materials and for firm-supported IT offerings, including detailed how-to documentation, SOPs, tool descriptions for marketing purposes, and the like· Perform problem management services, analyzing core causes and working with stakeholders to address the issue and prevent their recurrence· Serve as primary point of contact in addressing improvements to core firm technologies (for example, SharePoint modifications, website improvements, etc.)· Bolster firm-wide technology adeptness through knowledge documentation and regular training opportunities· Work with project staff and stakeholders to address complex technology issues, simplifying the issue and developing business cases or workplans for next steps· Support employee onboarding and offboarding related to IT, account configuration, hardware procurement, etc.EXPERIENCE· 4+ years of experience.· Demonstrated capacity to manage and oversee IT projects· Background in managing and communicating complex technical tasks with non-technical staff and stakeholders· Demonstrated interest in environmental issues, natural resource management, and/or energy is beneficial.SKILLS· Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office – Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint· Skill in managing and overseeing a firm-wide SharePoint Environment· Conversancy in webinar and synchronous technology platforms –Zoom / Ring Central Meetings, WebEx, MS Teams· Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously· Experience in end-to-end IT project management and oversight· Ability to be flexible and resourceful and handle pressure/tight deadlines gracefully· Ability to interact and perform in a team-based environment· Ability to accessibly communicate technical matter, including written communications (user guides), 1-on-1 user troubleshooting support across all levels of technology acumen, and technology trainings· Capacity to rapidly distill core strengths and constraints of technological platformsWHAT WE OFFER: Generous 401k MatchingFull benefitsCompanywide bonus programHOW TO APPLYPlease submit a resume and cover letter. We ask that you do not call or email staff directly. Resumes will be accepted until the position is filled.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11146	Washington
Project Planning/Scheduling Engineer II	Cerner Corporation	Arlington, VA	None	"As a Project Planning/Scheduling Engineer II you will analyze proposals and contracts to identify project phases, forecast time and resource estimates and establish comprehensive master project schedules, considering appropriate sequencing of project phases and tasks, project dependencies and availability of funding and resources. This role will allow you to oversee assignment of project team members or third parties to specific phases or tasks, proactively partnering with manpower analysts and resource managers to understand resource requirements and ensure resource availability. You will monitor project team delivery against project schedules, ensuring work meets scope, schedule and budget commitments. In scope will be to review and approve changes to master project plans and schedules, analyze the operational, financial and contractual impacts and communicate to project team members and other stakeholders accordingly. You will provide regular updates to project leadership including overall schedule performance, operational trends and project risks and mitigation efforts. This role will allow you to conduct analysis on the operational, financial and contractual impacts of delays, changes or other disruptions to the project schedule and the broader project success. Finally, you will perform schedule risk assessments (SRAs) to identify potential project risks and implement corrective actions, escalating to project leadership as necessary.
Back to Description
Cerner Jobs and Careers
Additional Information
Virtual Eligible Job YES

Relocation Assistance Available for this Job: No

Qualifications
Basic Qualifications:
At least 6 years of total combined higher education and related work experience including:
At least 1 years of project/program management work experience
At least 5 years of higher education and/or additional work experience directly related to the duties of the job
Receipt of the appropriate government security clearance card applicable for your position
Due to the client contract you will be assigned, this position requires you to be a U.S. citizen

Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Business, Health Care, Information Technology
Experience developing schedules that meet the DCMA and GAO scheduling standards


Expectations:
Must be residing in or willing to relocate to an already virtually approved location, preferred location is Arlington, VA area
Must be willing to travel up to 10% as needed
Willing to work additional or irregular hours as needed and allowed by local regulations
Work in accordance with corporate and organizational security policies and procedures, understand personal role in safeguarding corporate and client assets, and take appropriate action to prevent and report any compromises of security within scope of position
Perform other responsibilities as assigned
Applicants for U.S.-based positions with Cerner must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.

Due to specific client contract requirements, this position requires that the successful candidate be a U.S. citizen. The client contract also requires receipt of the appropriate government security clearance card applicable for the position.

Some Cerner positions may be obligated to comply with client-facing requirements and occupational health requests, including but not limited to, an immunization set, an annual flu shot, an annual TB screen, an updated background check, and/or an updated drug screen.

Cerner is a place where people are encouraged to innovate with confidence and focus on what is important – people’s health and the care they receive. We are transforming health care by developing tools and technologies that make it more efficient for care providers and patients to navigate the complexity of our health. From single offices to entire countries, Cerner solutions are licensed at more than 25,000 facilities in over 35 countries.

Cerner’s policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Cerner is proud to be a drug-free workplace."	11146	Washington
Deputy Program Manager	Tripoint Solutions	Arlington, VA 22203 (Ballston-Virginia Square area)	Up to $125,000 a year	Tripoint Solutions is seeking a Deputy Program Manager to join our team in Washington, DC.The Deputy Program Manager will be part of a team responsible for ensuring the success of software development for a federal customer through professional methodology based on Agile techniques.The successful candidate will be accountable to: Maintaining existing as well as creating new project charters, levels of effort, schedules and objectives for assigned software development projectsAnalyzing potential impacts of project scope changes and making recommendations to software development projectsMonitoring team progress against project plansLeading team meetings, tracking issues, decisions, action items, and following-up between meetings to drive issues to closureLeading the development of briefing materials for customer updates and decisionsParticipating and contributing to business development endeavors such as RFP/RFQ reviews, proposal development, drafting concept and white papers and other efforts as directedAnalyzing schedules, risks, and quality of project deliverablesWorking with Service Delivery Managers, program team members and stakeholders to anticipate and manage changes to projects, such as but not limited to, technical and functional requirements, business requirements and milestone scheduleAnalyzing client and company expectations for software development projects based upon approved project requirementsPerforming other duties or special projects as required or as assignedTravel to our office in Arlington, VA and the customer's location in DC may be requiredExperience, Education & Training: Bachelor's Degree in a related field10 or more years of experience leading software delivery teams within a PMO or similar frameworkExperience working with multi-component project teams (e.g., System Development, Requirements Analysis, UI/UX Design, and Quality Assurance)Project management experience using the Agile Scrum methodology and project management frameworks (e.g., PMBOK)Preferred Qualifications: PMP or CSM certificationExperience working in project teams working with Enterprise IT, Digital, or Cyber Security CapabilitiesUnderstanding of ITIL or CMMI process maturity frameworksExperience leading a virtual team5 years of experience directly managing Project Managers or LeadsClearance Requirements: Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for potential access to classified information. Accordingly, US Citizenship or Green Card is required.Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/DisabledJob Type: Full-timePay: Up to $125,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programEmployee discountFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayApplication Question(s):**What is your target compensation for this position (optional)?****Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for potential access to classified information. Accordingly, US Citizenship or Green Card is required. Do you meet this requirement? (Please answer YES or NO)**Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:leading software delivery teams within PMO/similar framework: 10 years (Required)directly managing Project Managers or Leads: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP or CSM (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11146	Washington
Engineering Project Delivery Lead	World Bank Group	Washington, DC 20433 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Job #: req12315

Organization: World Bank

Sector: Information Technology

Grade: GG

Term Duration: 3 years 0 months

Recruitment Type: Local Recruitment

Location: Washington, DC,United States

Required Language(s): English

Preferred Language(s):

Closing Date: 6/27/2021 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC


Description

About the World Bank Group:
Established in 1944, the World Bank Group (WBG) is one of the largest sources of funding and knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five institutions: the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD), the International Development Association (IDA), the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), and the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID). With 189 member countries and more than 120 offices worldwide, the WBG works with public and private sector partners, investing in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop solutions to the most urgent global challenges.
ITS Vice Presidency Context:
Information and Technology Solutions (ITS) enables the WBG to achieve its mission of ending extreme poverty and promote shared prosperity in a sustainable way by delivering transformative information and technologies to its staff working in over 150 locations.
Our vision is to transform how the Bank Group accomplishes its mission through information and technology. In this fast-paced, ever-changing world, the formulation and implementation of the ITS strategy is an ongoing, iterative process of learning and adaptation developed through extensive consultations with business partners throughout the World Bank Group.
ITS shapes its strategy in response to changing business priorities and leverages new technologies to achieve three high-level business outcomes: business enablement, by providing Bank Group units with innovative digital tools and technologies to transform how they deliver value for their clients; empowerment & effectiveness, by ensuring that all Bank Group staff are connected, able to find information, and productive to accelerate the delivery of development solutions globally; and resilience, by equipping the Bank Group to provide risk-based cybersecurity and robust data protection for a global network and a growing cloud platform.
Implementation of the strategy is guided by three core principles. The first is to deliver solutions for business partners that are customer-centric, innovative, and transformative. The second is to provide the Bank Group with value for money with selective and standard technologies. The third principle is to excel at the basics by providing a high performing, robust, and resilient IT environment for the organization.
The ITS Enterprise Services unit, provides a wide range of technical services: data centers, system administration, database, middleware, cloud, enterprise monitoring and identity and access management.
Position is part of the Information Technology Systems Management infrastructure team.
Duties and Accountabilities:
The Engineering Program Delivery Lead is responsible for the management of multiple large and small IT infrastructure projects across the team involving close collaboration with the engineers. He/she is also the main liaison with procurement and responsible for coordinating the team’s software/hardware renewals. In addition, he/she assists in client coordination and communication.
Develop agile project plans and schedules for executing global IT Infrastructure projects utilizing multiple technologies and frameworks as well as project status reports for various stakeholders.
Work closely across various IT teams to monitor project milestones and critical paths to identify potential risks in the projects. Identify ways to resolve various risks and issues.
Implement agile management best practices by facilitating exercises such as sprint planning and scrum meetings.
Understand infrastructure technologies to be effective in coordinating within team and across multiple units. Technologies include cloud (AWS and Azure), server administration, storage, backup and security.
Primary procurement Liaison managing RFPs, IFBs and other procurement related communication.
Coordination of the team’s software and hardware renewals.
Regularly monitor the Administrative and Capital budget in close consultation with the unit’s RM analyst and Manager.
Take personal responsibility and accountability for timely response to client queries, requests or needs, working to remove obstacles that may impede execution or overall success.
Take personal ownership and accountability to meet deadlines and achieve agreed-upon results.
Collaborate with other team members and contribute productively to the team's work and output, demonstrating respect for different points of view.
Analyze facts and data to support sound, logical decisions regarding own and others' work.

Selection Criteria
Education: Master's degree with 8 years relevant experience or Bachelors Degree with a minimum of 10 years relevant experience.
Role Specific Experience: 7+ years of experience of executing global IT Infrastructure and facility projects utilizing multiple technologies and frameworks.
5+ years of project management experience in planning, executing, and monitoring in a multi-cultural environment.
Required Skills:
Knowledge of IT Infrastructure components and terminology, including cloud (AWS and Azure), server administration, storage, backup and security.
Ability to organize and prioritize workload, and remain flexible in an environment of constantly changing priorities.
Strong ability to assess requirements, initiate and complete task or project with little or no guidance.
Ability to run projects using agile project management best practices.
Ability to apply problem-solving skills to evaluate and solve problems effectively.
Excellent oral and written communications skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively in a multinational team environment and build effective working relations with clients, colleagues, and vendors.
Ability to build and sustain collaborative relationships with executive management and multiple constituencies.
Strong analytical and organization skills.
Demonstrated ability to make sound decisions and work calmly and effectively under pressure.
Azure Boards experience a plus.

Poverty has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds from around the globe."	11146	Washington
Supervisory Program Manager	US Employment and Training Administration	Washington, DC	$144,128 - $172,500 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the U.S. Department of Labor (DOL), Employment and Training Administration (ETA), Office of Job Corps (OJC), located in Washington DC. The OJC provides Federal contracts and technical assistance to State and local levels that provide workforce development services to various adult and youth populations.

*This position is outside the bargaining unit.*

Responsibilities
Supervisory Program Manager performs the following duties:

Serves as Division Director, Regional Operations and Program Integrity, and is responsible for managing, directing, supervising, staffing, coordinating and evaluating division functions and/or activities through subordinate supervisors.

Advises and assists the National Director of the Job Corps program and other program managers/supervisors, ETA leadership and others on center and program key performance indicators.

Prepares and coordinates the clearance or approval of required congressional and other program performance reports for internal and external stakeholders.

Works collaboratively with ETA, DOL, and workforce development partners on data information and information technology projects and initiatives that support WIOA reporting and improved performance.

Advises and assists the National Director and others on strategic planning, program operation, and performance accountability through the development and administration of a comprehensive data collection, analysis, and reporting system. Creates, manages and/or provides guidance on the use of information technology resources, projects, initiatives that support data based decision-making by Job Corps.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - 10% or Less
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
15 - This position is at the Full Performance Level.
Job family (Series)
0340 Program Management
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Appointment to this position may require a background investigation.
Subject to financial disclosure requirements.
Must be at least 16 years old and a U.S. Citizen.
Requires a supervisory probationary period if one has not been met.
Applicants must meet time-in-grade, time-after-competitive-appointment and qualifications requirements within 30 calendar days after the closing date of the vacancy to be eligible for consideration for selection.

Federal Employees Please Note: Your SF-50 must include enough information to be able to determine that time-in-grade requirements have been met and reflects your position title, pay plan/series/grade, tenure and the type of appointment (i.e. competitive/excepted). In some cases you may need to submit more than one SF-50.

Reference the ""Required Documents"" section for additional requirements.

You may not be aware, but in the regulations for agency ethics programs, there are requirements for supervisors. Section 2638.103 of Title 5 of the CFR states:

Every supervisor in the executive branch has a heightened personal responsibility for advancing government ethics. It is imperative that supervisors serve as models of ethical behavior for subordinates. Supervisors have a responsibility to help ensure that subordinates are aware of their ethical obligations under the Standards of Conduct and that subordinates know how to contact agency ethics officials. Supervisors are also responsible for working with agency ethics officials to help resolve conflicts of interests and enforce government ethics laws and regulations, including those requiring certain employees to file financial disclosure reports. In addition, supervisors are responsible, when requested, for assisting agency ethics officials in evaluating potential conflicts of interest and identifying positions subject to financial disclosure requirements.
Qualifications
Applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level, GS-14, in the Federal Service. Specialized experience is experience in or directly related to the line of work of the position to be filled, and which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to successfully perform duties of the position.

Specialized Experience: Specialized experience is defined as experience leading a team to perform ALL OF THE FOLLOWING MUST BE MET:

1. Experience providing leadership and guidance to senior executives on policy matters related to program administration.

2. Experience interpreting, implementing, and providing technical guidance and responses on policies, regulations, and procedures that impact the organization.
3. Experience monitoring and evaluating program performance; and recommending and implementing program improvements.
Note: In describing your experience, please be clear and specific. We will not make assumptions regarding your experience. Also, applicants may be asked to submit writing samples during the interview process.
Education
There is no substitution of education for experience at the GS-15 level.
Additional information
DOL seeks to attract and retain a high performing and diverse workforce in which employees’ differences are respected and valued to better meet the varying needs of the diverse customers we serve. DOL fosters a diverse and inclusive work environment that promotes collaboration, flexibility and fairness so that all individuals are able to participate and contribute to their full potential. Federal Employees Please Note: Your SF-50 must include enough information to be able to determine that time-in-grade requirements have been met and reflects your position title, pay plan/series/grade, tenure and the type of appointment (i.e. competitive/excepted). In some cases you may need to submit more than one SF-50. Refer to these links for more information: GENERAL INFORMATION, ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION, FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES

Position Telework eligibility is determined by management based on position duties during the recruitment process. Employee participation in telework on a routine or situational basis is determined by management primarily based on business needs. Employees participating in telework are subject to the terms and conditions of the Department of Labor’s Telework Program.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Click here for Evaluation details. For Displaced Employees ONLY: if you meet the eligibility requirements for special priority selection under ICTAP/CTAP, you must be well-qualified for the position to receive consideration for special priority selection. ICTAP/CTAP eligibles will be considered ""well-qualified"" if they attain at least a rating score of 85 in a numerical rating scheme. Be sure to review DOL Account Eligibility Questions #24 to reflect that you are applying as a ICTAP or CTAP eligible and submit supporting documentation.

Evaluation Factors (Competencies) - All qualified applicants will be evaluated on the following key competencies:

Technical Competence - Uses knowledge that is acquired through formal training or extensive on-the-job experience to perform one's job; works with, understands, and evaluates technical information related to the job; advises others on technical issues.

Planning and Evaluating - Organizes work, sets priorities, and determines resource requirements; determines short- or long-term goals and strategies to achieve them; coordinates with other organizations or parts of the organization to accomplish goals; monitors progress and evaluates outcomes.

Organizational Awareness - Knows the organization's mission and functions, and how its social, political, and technological systems work and operates effectively within them; this includes the programs, policies, procedures, rules, and regulations of the organization.

Leadership - Influences, motivates, and challenges others; adapts leadership styles to a variety of situations.

Strategic Thinking - Formulates objectives and priorities, and implements plans consistent with the long-term interests of the organization in a global environment. Capitalizes on opportunities and manages risks.

The information you provide may be verified by a review of your work experience and/or education, by checking references and through other means (ex. interview). You must meet the cut off score of 85. Your evaluation may also include a review by an HR Specialist or panel and may include other assessment tools (ex. interview, structured interview, written test, work samples, writing samples, etc). The examining Human Resources Office (HRO) makes the final determination concerning applicant ratings. Your resume MUST provide sufficient information to substantiate your vacancy question responses. If not, the HRO may amend your responses to more accurately reflect the level of competency indicated by the content of your resume.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Not Required
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
Moderate Risk (MR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
The following documents must be submitted by 11:59 p.m. (ET) on the vacancy closing date. Warning: If you submit a document using the same document title, the 2nd submission will OVERWRITE the 1st submission. Also, do not upload password-protected documents.

The following documents are required from all applicants (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY):

ARE YOU A CURRENT OR FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEE? If applying as a status candidate with current or former Federal Service, please provide a copy of your last or most recent SF-50, ""Notification of Personnel Action” which shows your appointment eligibility for the position for which you are applying. Your SF-50 must identify the highest grade you held on a permanent basis, Pay Plan/Pay Schedule, Series, and Grade/Pay Band, and career status. Multiple SF-50 may be submitted to demonstrate your highest previous rate and eligibility.
WARNING: An award SF-50 (ex. cash or time off award) may not indicate grade, step, and competitive status. For current DOL employees, an award SF-50 DOES NOT indicate grade and step.

- Resumes are required - provide a resume either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one from your computer and USAJOBS profile. To receive full consideration for relevant and specialized experience, please list the month, year, and the number of work hours worked for the experience listed on your resume. We also suggest that you preview the vacancy questions, and confirm that your resume supports your question responses.
Most recent performance appraisal/evaluation signed and dated within 18 months is requested by the agency, but will not disqualify candidates if not submitted. If not submitted during the application process, one may/will be requested at the time of the interview if the opportunity is extended. Applies to current and former Federal employees.

The following documents are required if applicable:

- Displaced Employee Placement Documents - Only required if requesting priority consideration under ICTAP/CTAP Eligibility.

- DD-214 - verifying military service, eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA), and showing the character of discharge (ex. Member Copy 4 and 2 are acceptable vs. Copy 1 which is not acceptable to adjudicate veteran's preference)
Cover Letters are not mandatory and will not be used to verify experience, but may be submitted.

Applicants selected for employment who are not current DOL employees will be required to provide proof of citizenship, and the E-Verify system will be used to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
Review our benefits
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
ICTAP/CTAP eligibles in the local commuting area; Veterans Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) eligibles."	11146	Washington
Program Manager	Columbus Technologies	Bethesda, MD 20892	None	"Overview:

Roles and responsibilities
Must be authorized to work in the United States
W2 with full benefits
Some travel may be required
Offer contingent on ability to successfully pass a background check and drug screen
Columbus Technologies and Services Inc. is a strategic supplier and business partner to the federal government and its key suppliers. Through our partnership with the National Institutes of Health, Columbus offers administrative, IT, engineering, scientific, and healthcare professionals the opportunity to work with one of the most prestigious research organizations in the world. We are currently seeking a Program Manager to work onsite with the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, MD
This is a long-term position which offers:
Competitive salaryTremendous growth opportunityOpportunity to work at NIH, the world's foremost medical research centerLearn more about what Columbus can do for you at www.columbususa.com
Responsibilities:

Job Description:
Project ManagementCollaborate with NIAMS Division of Extramural Research Program staff:Develop funding plans, milestones and budgets; transition projects through different phases and stages.Ensure that all aspects of program are tracked and reported, key milestones and deliverable dates are known and adhered to, and that all individuals and partners involved are kept appraised of progress of integrated tasks and next steps.Track project progress and provide regular reports.Work with staff on NIH tracking and monitoring of human subject research such as enrollment, sample acquisition and compliance with central IRB.Work with NIAMS Grants Management Branch to provide budget tracking.Update and maintain electronic and paper files; copy and distribute materials.
CommunicationsWork with NIAMS Division of Extramural Research Program staff:Manage calendars with regard to program and initiative activities.Consult with and advise grantees/contractors during preparation of applications/proposals and provide guidance on program issues, such as:Submission dates, timeline of review, summary statements, potential fundingLate applications/continuous submissionRequirements of specific funding opportunity announcements, including conference grantsInterface with and provide effective liaison with grantees, IC staff (e.g., program officers, grants management staff, scientific review staff) and NIH staff (e.g., Center for Scientific Review staff) and IC peer review groups.Provide technical assistance for the preparation of Funding Opportunity Announcements (FOAs); i.e., program announcements, requests for applications and contract solicitations, and other NIAMS announcements.Prepare responses and provide assistance in gathering information from other NIAMS and NIH offices and outside organizations and agencies.
Meetings and ConferencesWork with NIAMS Division of Extramural Research Program staff:Coordinate logistics for in person meetings, teleconferences or videoconferences.Make arrangements for and coordinate planning of teleconferencing activities for internal meetings of NIH staff.Work with staff on the design, development and preparation of documents such as spread sheets, letters, rosters, agendas, presentations and meeting minutes/summaries.Organize program specific scientific Roundtables, Focus groups, and Steering Committee meetings:Draft and publish the scientific program materialsIdentify and work with the logistics teamServe as the NIH point of contact for all meeting related teleconferences
Ensure that questions to program specific mailboxes are responded to and answers are posted on the FAQ section of the appropriate webpagesAssist with Standing Working Groups, Task Forces, and other cooperative efforts:Assist the co chairs and executive secretaries by summarizing group meetings
Assist the NIAMS representatives to such groups by monitoring deadlines and identifying topics that are relevant to the NIAMSDevelop scientific material to be used as background and preparatory material for conferences, workshops, and planning group meeting to include determining the appropriate strategy for reviewing existing databases, searching the literature and reviewing grants funded by NIAMS, evaluating the articles for their relevance, abstracting key articles and preparing annotated bibliographies, reference lists, and written reports summarizing the state of knowledge in the area.
Review and Analysis
Work with NIAMS Division of Extramural Research Program staff:Perform initial scientific and administrative reviews and analyses of applications/proposals, including:Changes in key personnel involved in the funded projectPotential budgetary/scientific overlap with other projectsCompliance with NIH and NIAMS policy on:
 a) Involvement of human subjects
 b) Care and use of live vertebrate animals
 c) Involvement of foreign institutions
 d) Use of embryonic stem cells
 e) Use of hazardous materials and agents
 f) Public access to results of research
 g) Financial Conflict of Interest

 h) Resource sharing, including genomic data sharing
 i) Support of clinical trials
Code grant applications for scientific/disease area.
Review grant applications to ensure compliance with NIAMS policy on clinical trials and assign Program Class Codes to each application.
Qualifications:

Required Skills:PhD in Biological sciences, molecular biology or related discipline.Eight (8) + years of scientific research experience in biomedical researchMinimum of one (1) years of experience in a grants or clinical research environment.Experience with NIH databases and reporting methodologies, including Query View Report (QVR) system and Research, Condition and Disease Categorization (RCDC) reports via the RePORT site.Experience reading/extracting/summarizing scientific and administrative information from biomedical research proposals and/or publications (particularly related to current research methodologies and human subjects research).Excellent, proactive project management and problem solving skills.Expertise in effective/efficient meeting management.Strong analytical and scientific communications skills, both oral and written.Excellent leadership, analytical, organizational and time management skills."	11146	Washington
Program Manager	REI Systems	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Overview:

REI Systems has delivered innovative solutions that empower people and impact millions of lives since 1989. Our 500+ problem-solving technologists and consultants are passionate about modernizing the government to fulfill their missions more effectively. Our customers include Government Operations, Homeland Security, Health, Science, Financial Services, and State, Local, and Nonprofits. We take a Mindful Modernization approach in providing Application Modernization, Data Analytics, Grants Management, Small Business Innovation Research Programs, and Advisory Services. Delivering domain experts, management consultants, and best-fit technologies through agile execution, along with a commitment to customer service is the REI Way. Learn more, visit www.reisystems.com.
REI Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Responsibilities:

The PM provides leadership, oversight, and management of a complex program, which covers a portfolio of projects and programs; ensures performance against contract and program requirements; serves as a single point of accountability and responsibility to the government; coordinates and ensures completion of deliverables, and other contractual requirements; performs risk management; develops and implements long-term strategies, roadmaps, and monitors execution to ensure alignment of tactical activities; manages program budget, evaluates performance against design and schedule requirements and constraints; provides oversight across range of project-types (waterfall, agile, lean, etc.) and project complexities; consults and advises senior Federal leadership; ensures Federal leaders have actionable information in a timely manner necessary to obtain decision/guidance to facilitate program execution. The PM:Is the owner of customer-facing project delivery for IT solutions and is responsible for client management, building and maintaining partner relationships, people management and innovation support.Works with and through both functional and technical project team members to deliver solutions in an agile manner.Effectively plans, coordinates, executes, monitors, and manages work requests and related tasks utilizing strong and pervasive project management expertise for IT projects and IT management.Understands project requirements from both a business and a technical standpoint and serves as the liaison between business users and the project teams.Demonstrates leadership skills to manage project resources and cultivate strong customer relationships.Manages contractual, financial, and personnel dimensions associated with project delivery.Manage a team with a diverse array of talents and responsibilities that can meet corporate and account objectives, and help create resiliency in the organizationMonitor the progress of multiple concurrent and highly visible projects and requirements; recommend or take required corrective actions.Develops strategies for contingency planning and risk mitigation; identifies and solves project issues effectively.Drive organic growth and support new business growth including capture and proposal development in partnership with corporate resources for substantial opportunities, as needed.
Qualifications:

At least 12+ years related work experience with the following qualifications:
Demonstrated ability to plan and lead complex technology assignments/projects/programs
Ability to manage multiple cross-disciplinary IT teams on large complex programs.
Experience evaluating performance results and recommending major changes affecting short-term project growth and success.
Project Management experience in planning, estimating, resourcing, executing, monitoring, and managing information technology projects, preferably in technical areas such as:
Business value driven requirement gathering
Agile software application development and modernization
Demonstrated ability to plan, manage, execute, and monitor projects requiring compliance with:
Software Project management frameworks and systems engineering lifecycles
Agile software development lifecycles
Task level cost and schedule estimation, tracking, reporting, and management
Demonstrated and validated ability to address corrective actions and to follow proper escalation protocols and procedures with technical monitors, COR, the IT organization and with the project sponsors
PMI-PMP or PMI-PgMP or PMI-PfMP.
Bachelors' Degree in related field.
Strong leadership skills to define requirements for project risks
Excellent organizational, presentation, and customer service skills; Excellent written and oral communication skills
Must be a US Citizen and able to obtain government security clearance
Desired Skills
-Previous Experience managing projects for the Federal Government-Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Information Technology, Computer Science, or another technical related field"	11146	Washington
IT Services Manager	outsourceIT	Washington, DC	$65,000 - $95,000 a year	outsourceIT is currently seeking a Service Manager. This role will lead and motivate a team of support staff to deliver excellent technical/non-technical support with outstanding customer service, satisfaction, and timeliness This position has frequent contact with customers, direct reports, peers, and vendors. The Service Manager will participate in the ongoing management of service level compliance, resolution of daily issues, and enforcing compliance within established company standards and policies pertaining to Service Ticket handling. The Service Manager is also responsible for performing QA checks, identifying trends, and making recommendations on how we can consistently improve the quality of service and response times to our customers. This position will report directly to the Vice President of Service and will be responsible for the overall experience and customer satisfaction of the interactions with the Service Desk.Who is outsourceIT?outsourceIT is a leading outsourced IT provider for small and medium (SMB) sized businesses. Our full-service product line is designed around the needs of SMB’s; Managed IT Services, Cloud-Based Application and Hardware Services, Cyber Security, and IT Consulting Services. As a customer-centric business, we focus on delivering products and services with a high degree of customer care. We strive to ensure every end-user experience is met with the same high degree of responsiveness and quality.Position ResponsibilitiesEnsure service requests are addressed in a timely manner through SLA monitoringDrive continuous process improvement to ensure Support Technicians are being utilized to their full potential while delivering consistent service levels and quick resolutionsMeasure and report the performance of the Support staff to identify performance trends and when appropriate, develop and implement changes to correct sub-standard performance issuesMonitor utilization and productivity of a local and remote support team and recommend changes in staffing levelsContribute to incident resolution by giving support to end users when necessaryTrain, coach, and mentor Support staff and ensure appropriate training initiatives for new and existing staffOversee new customer onboarding projects to deliver a complete and consistent experience to the customerAssist with identifying and recommending end user training programs to increase computer literacy and self-sufficiencyEnsure all requests opened for their team are being actively worked and progressing towards an expeditious resolutionSupervise, develop, and mentor their team members to help improve their technical knowledge and customer management skillsAssists with interviewing Support staff candidatesStay current on both the technology and product frontsWork late shift and/or on-call rotation as requiredPosition RequirementsBachelor’s degree or equivalent experienceMust have 5 years of experience working directly with Customer SupportPrior Managed Service Provider experienceManaged Services Platform Software – Kaseya and ConnectWiseAbility to troubleshoot technical issues at a high level to determine the appropriate path to resolutionDemonstrated success at a company in similar nature for a minimum of 3 years and as a Service Manager or similar for at least 2 yearsMust be capable of dealing confidently and professionally with CustomersMust be a team player and build good working relationships across all functionsMust have a strong personal drive for delivering industry-leading Customer support, and thrive in a fast-paced, high energy environment with a proactive focusOrganized and analytical, able to eliminate obstacles through creative and adaptive approachesAbility to overcome obstacles and obtain results under tight deadlinesDemonstrated strong written and verbal communicationMust be comfortable in the dynamic atmosphere of a technical organization with a rapidly expanding customer baseMust be prepared for moderate travel throughout outsourceIT’s service territoryAbility to work eight hours a day sitting, using a keyboard, and speaking on the phoneAbility to bend, stoop & carry at least 50lbsInsurable driving record & current driver licenseBenefitsAs a Service Manager with outsourceIT, you will be part of one of the leading Managed Service Providers in the region, an organization with more than 15 years of success in providing outstanding support and technologies to the SMB market. There’s no shortage of training and advancement opportunities and you will have the opportunity to work alongside some of the industries most experienced engineers. Your hard work and dedication will be rewarded with a competitive compensation package.As a Service Manager, you are eligible to receive:Excellent and affordable health, dental and vision coverageIRA15 days PTO (vacation and discretionary leave)Paid holidaysTraining reimbursementEducational reimbursementFrequent company social eventsWe look forward to you joining our team!Job Type: Full-timePay: $65,000.00 - $95,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programRetirement planTuition reimbursementVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payWork Location:Fully RemoteCompany's website:www.outsourceitcorp.comCompany's Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/outsourceIT.MD/	11146	Washington
Health IT Program Manager	NetImpact Strategies Inc.	Falls Church, VA 22043	None	"Job Description:

We have an opportunity for a Health Program Manager to join our team. The successful candidate will oversee programs in support of U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Operating Divisions and will be responsible for meeting or exceeding overall performance objectives, contract deliverables, quality control (QC), and the placement of qualified personnel. The Program Manager will serve as the authorized point of contact with the customer and Project Managers to ensure contract compliance and exceptional performance.
Typical responsibilities include
Responsible for overall success of all tasks being performed under an indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) or Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) vehicle.
Manage multiple task orders (TOs)/projects and provide oversight and guidance with optimal and efficient resource management.
Responsible for overall profit, loss, and successful execution of IDIQ/BPA and all TOs or projects.
Develop, implement, and perform all program management processes for multiple diverse, complex workstreams.
Identify opportunities and initiate, support, and participate in negotiations with prospective customers to grow work in the form of additional TOs under the IDIQ or BPA.
Lead and manage the overall TO proposal development process from pre-proposal phase through post-proposal phase.
Develop, recommend for approval, manage, maintain, update, and adhere to project schedules, estimates, and ensure budgets and are complete, realistic, and completely meet program goals.
Update the project schedules monthly with percentage of work completed, schedule date changes, or other schedule changes as requested by the customer.
Ensure scope, cost, schedule milestones, and performance metrics are met or exceeded.
Assess, monitor, mitigate, and resolve overall IDIQ/BPA and TO risks and issues.
Ensure all contract deliverables are provided to the customer and approved per the requirements of the IDIQ/BPA and/or individual TOs.
Meet as requested with the Contracting Officers Representative (COR) to discuss task areas and any problems; and, to determine future tasks to be undertaken, meetings to be attended, and persons to be contacted on a weekly basis.
Document all customer meetings by providing a formal recap of any risks identified in the meeting, issues discussed in the meeting, the decisions rendered and the action items for each meeting member to address immediately following each meeting.
Lead and oversee strategic planning across TOs or projects and provide guidance and recommendations to customers and project teams.
Lead and mentor Project Managers and team members.
Ensure constant and proactive communication with customers, Project Managers, team members, and subcontractors to actively mitigate any issues or concerns.
Coordinate knowledge sharing across IDIQ/BPA TOs and identify and gain efficiencies among staff and customers.
Promote and encourage a “one team” attitude at all levels internally and externally.
Provide program, project, and operational status updates as required by the government.
Design, develop, and deploy program and project management dashboards and related tools.
Prepare weekly/monthly/annual reports, meeting agendas, minutes, briefings, speeches, papers, letters, manuals, job aids, or other documents at the request of the customer.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Management, Business, Health, IT, or related field. Master’s degree preferred.
10+ years of progressive experience in program and project management, with at least 5 years in the Federal Health IT.
Experience in a scientific research or clinical environment supporting a Federal agency.
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification preferred.
Must be eligible to obtain a Public Trust clearance.
Experience in management and direction of large, cross-functional technical teams.
Demonstrated ability to effectively coordinate and collaborate across multiple diverse, complex workstreams and multi-agency stakeholders.
Excellent presentation and communication skills in both oral and written form.
Ability to manage dynamic deadlines and adaptability to shifting priorities.
Ability to balance customer needs and level set expectations based on resource capacity.
Strong attention to detail and ability to maintain proactive communication.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical abilities.
Strong customer service and interpersonal skills.
About Us:

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019 & 2020!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US
NetImpact Strategies Inc. (NetImpact) has been a Trusted Advisor driving impact through digital transformation for the Federal Government for over a decade. We solve complex problems with innovation and agility to create meaningful, transformative, and enduring change. As Trusted Advisors, NetImpact professionals partner with customer agencies to deliver solutions that empower them to not only meet their missions but also realize their strategic vision through agile, outcome-focused solutions addressing both strategic and tactical requirements. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. NetImpact’s core values and commitment to a customer and results-oriented delivery approach has propelled our growth and enabled us to deliver impactful value across Strategic Consulting, Process Automation, Cloud, DevSecOps, Data and Analytics, and Cyber Security for the Federal Government.
ACCESSIBILITY NOTE
NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact or request reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"")."	11146	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11146	Washington
IT Project Scheduler	Earth Resources Technology, Inc	Suitland, MD	None	"Position Description
The Scheduler is responsible for developing, maintaining, and updating the NESDIS Operations, Maintenance and Sustainment (OMS) Integrated Master Schedule (IMS). Will be the focal point and accountable for scheduling the OMS contract milestones, activities, and deliverables for operating, maintaining, sustaining, and securing the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service (NESDIS) satellite ground systems. Will document and maintain the baseline IMS and assure all changes are approved and coordinated with applicable stakeholders. Will manage the IMS using MS Project and ensures consistency and appropriate interface with Enterprise Configuration Management Tool (ECMT) and OMS Jira, Big Picture, Big Gantt, and Big Template. Will interface closely with the Government's Program Manager and Contracting Officer's Representative on a regular basis, ensuring customer satisfaction is maximized and that IMS is followed by all contractor staff. Specific duties include:

Schedule, plan, and track tasks.
Maintain the Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) up to date, provide weekly reports to customer.
Work with teams to develop and refine project and task schedules.
Maintain open communications and working relationships with all OMS stakeholders.
Maintain the IMS and provide and weekly / monthly / quarterly / annual reports/updates including operations, maintenance and sustainment activities and all deliverables and milestones.
Integrate service request tickets, Work Requests (WR), and Configuration Change Requests (CCR) data from the Government Enterprise Configuration Management Tool (IBM ClearCase/ClearQuest) with the IMS.
Works with managers and task leads to maintain labor loaded schedules in Jira Big Picture, Big Gant, and Big Template.
Work with management and teammates to identify, report, and resolve schedule and resource conflicts and find innovative ways to accomplish overall project objectives on schedule.
Provide and contribute to weekly, monthly, quarterly, annual schedules and reports including schedule variance.
Provide project schedules, ad hoc reports, trend analysis and other reports and requests from management.
Provide inputs to the ERT EVM tool Simplified EVM as directed, and reports/analysis for contract and federal managers.
Attend weekly and monthly meetings and provide meeting action items, presentations, reports, and meeting notes as required.
Attain and maintain expert level skills in the scheduling tools and general office automation tools.
Develop an individual development plan for annual skill refreshment and enhancement and meet the IDP goals.
Provide briefings / training on IMS use, features, capabilities to managers and staff members.
Seek to improve overall contract performance by using the IMS and scheduling tools to inform teammates and facilitate / expedite work in new and innovative ways.

Required Skills
2+ years of experience as a Scheduler or a similar role. Microsoft Project expert level skills. Extensive knowledge and use of MS Project. Demonstrated written and oral communications skills, including ability to communicate effectively with customer and contractor senior management. Teamwork experience and skills in communicating with teams.

Desired

PMI certification as PMP
Project Scheduling Professional Certification SP-PMI
Earned Value Management experience
IBM Clear Case / Clear Quest
Jira, Big Picture, Big Template. Big Gant, Humanity
Experience in Federal IT, systems development, systems engineering projects
Experience with NASA / INCOSE Systems Engineering processes
Experience with Agile scheduling, project management, development processes.

Must be able to pass a background investigation to obtain a security badge to enter the applicable government facility.

Education
BS in Finance, Accounting, related discipline, or equivalent."	11146	Washington
Racial Equity Manager	Bread for the City	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$65,000 - $72,000 a year	"Our Mission:
The mission of Bread for the City is to help Washington, DC residents living with low income develop the power to determine the future of their own communities. We provide food, clothing, medical care, and legal and social services to reduce the burden of poverty. We seek justice through community organizing and public advocacy. We work to uproot racism, a major cause of poverty. We are committed to treating our clients with the dignity and respect that all people deserve.
Position Profile:
This person will support Bread for the City’s continued journey toward being an anti-racist institution, helping to guide integration of racial equity principles throughout the organization, including within our programs/departments, and our client leadership. This is a manager-level position within the Advocacy and Organizing Department spanning both the Southeast and Northwest Centers. The salary range for this position is $65 - $72k, commensurate with experience.
Essential Position Responsibilities:
Lead Bread for the City’s Racial Equity Leadership Team.
Guide the development and implementation of Bread for the City’s Racial Equity Action Plan;
Develop meeting agendas and coordinates logistics for the RELT meetings;
Support RELT sub-committees as needed, including helping to facilitate productive discussions that help them move toward identified goals/objectives;
 Consult with members of the Quality Improvement Team in the continued development of metrics, instruments and processes to measure racial equity outcomes at Bread for the City;
Communicate RELT projects, successes and opportunities for engagement to clients, staff and the wider community via blogs and other regular communications.
Drive Bread for the City’s efforts to create, and implement internal policies, as well as advance racial analyses, that shift organizational culture to ensure racial equity.
Help identify and address instances, patterns, practices and policies of systemic/institutional racism;
Promote staff understanding of, and investment in, racial equity principles, including creation and promotion of relevant trainings, tools, etc.; this includes ensuring that all new hires and all client leadership (CAC, COREE) go through racial equity training in their first year at Bread for the City;
Work with the CEO to create opportunities for BFC's Boards to go through racial equity training as part of their Board leadership requirements;
Support departments & programs in setting and implementing annual and long-term racial equity goals;
Continue to learn about best practices to support racially equitable organizational development;
Work to ensure that all people of color and ethnicities present in the Bread for the City community are represented in racial equity work;
Meet regularly with CEO, department, program and other staff and client leaders to ensure a coordinated approach that capitalizes on synergies between current and future projects;
Support Bread for the City Staff in Creating Racially Just Systems Outside of BFC.
Serve as a spokesperson for Bread for the City’s Racial Equity work
Participate in panel discussions, discussions with funders, and other speaking engagements as needed
Work with Advocacy Director to ensure that BFC’s external policy and organizing work is consistently grounded in racial equity principles
Develop a relationship with DD Government's Council Office on Racial Equity.
Qualifications:
Demonstrated experience leading organizations through racial equity processes, including trainings and other activities;
Demonstrated commitment and comprehensive understanding of race, racism, & racial equity work, especially in DC;
Excellent communicator with exceptional listening skills;
Ability to build rapport with a diverse range of clients, colleagues, and community members through effective communication, team building, listening skills, and empathy;
Innovative thinker, with demonstrated ability to convert thought and planning into action;
Expertise in facilitating complex discussions;
Ability to manage multiple projects across different departments, programs and groups;
Creative, innovative and strategic in approaches to overcoming obstacles;
Compassion, trustworthiness, and patience for all people regardless of their background, position;
Practice dealing with adversity and conflict;
Ability to set and measure goals throughout the course of a multifaceted long-term change project;
English fluency required; Bilingual (Spanish) preferred;
Proficiency with tech tools (Microsoft Office programs, Google Docs/Sheets/Slides, etc.);
Demonstrated ability to work as a part of a multidisciplinary team, including the ability to work with volunteers in a professional and collaborative manner;
Willingness to learn and carry out Bread for the City's commitments to social justice and racial equity.
Bread for the City is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, family responsibility, physical or mental disability, medical condition, status as a veteran, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state, or local law, except where a bona fide occupational qualification applies.
To Apply:
You must complete an application through Bread for the City’s ADP portal. Click here to review available openings and click on ""Racial Equity Manager"" position. Then select ""apply"" at the top right hand corner to register for a login and apply for the position. Please upload a resume and cover letter that speaks to your interest and qualifications through this online application process. Your application will not be considered complete unless it includes a cover letter. Only those candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. No phone calls."	11146	Washington
Desktop Field Tech	Inova Health System	Falls Church, VA 22042	None	"Job Description
Maintains complete and accurate documentation involving completion of service request, resolutions of issues reported through the customer support line or approved project work requests. Consistently communicates technical issues with other members of the team. Trains and orients end-user staff and provides feedback to manager as appropriate. Performs all services necessary to install and move desktop and peripheral connections.

Job Responsibilities
Maintains complete and accurate documentation of service request and repairs.
Communicates with team members on technical issues and work together to resolve the issues.
Trains and orients end-user staff and provide quarterly feedback to the manager Ensures requested devices are installed correctly upon initial site visit. All connection types (cables, connectors, etc) are available at the site during installation.
Confirms all devices are working as expected with the end user.
Notifies and communicates emergency changes to appropriate IT and Clinical staff in a timely manner.
Assists with performance trending, documenting and reporting. Identifies and suggests/implements solutions for performance and operational problems.
May be asked to assists with inventory tracking and problem tracking.
Installs desktop and peripheral equipment in a timely manner meeting a SLA of 97 percent.
The SLA will be measured by customer support request record data.
Stay abreast of technology by utilizing vendor manuals, trade journals and vendor training.
Performs all services to ensure desktop and peripherals are correctly installed and confirms all required business functions are working as required with end users.
Orients end-user staff and provides feedback to manager as appropriate.
Promotes positive interpersonal relationships with fellow employees, physicians and other clinical personnel, and patients.
Exhibits appropriate and professional behavior at all times.
Participates in the recovery activities from a disaster or major network or system outage.


Additional Requirements

Education:
Bachelor Degree in a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical training or work experience.
Experience:
1-3 desktop support
Skills:
Desktop computer technology (windows 7/8) , Printer maintenance and support"	11146	Washington
General Manager Assistant	Live Nation	Silver Spring, MD 20910	None	"Job Summary:
WHO ARE WE?
Live Nation Entertainment is the world’s leading live entertainment company, comprised of global market leaders: Ticketmaster, Live Nation Concerts, and Live Nation Media & Sponsorship. Ticketmaster is the global leader in event ticketing with over 500 million tickets sold annually and more than 12,000 clients worldwide. Live Nation Concerts is the largest provider of live entertainment in the world promoting more than 40,000 shows and 100+ festivals annually for nearly 4,000 artists in over 40 countries. These businesses allow Live Nation Media & Sponsorship to create strategic music marketing programs that connect over 1,000 brands with the 98 million fans that attend Live Nation Entertainment events each year. For additional information, visit www.livenationentertainment.com.
Live Nation’s Concerts Division is where tours are born, artists come to life, and fans get to experience the rush of live music. From our dozens of owned/operated Amphitheaters to our Global Touring team, from Ticketing and Venue Operations to Marketing and Sales... we foster a fun and upbeat work culture with no shortage of opportunities. With perks ranging from free concert tickets to dog-friendly offices, to progressive benefits like student loan reimbursement and adoption/fertility support... it’s no wonder we are certified as a Great Place to Work organization and one of People Magazine’s “50 Companies that Care”. We want everyone to feel like they belong and can thrive in our community, so we strive to help you achieve your career and personal goals. Live music is our passion and where we find our common ground. There has never been a better time to join Live Nation.
WHO ARE YOU?
Passionate and motivated. Driven, with an entrepreneurial spirit. Resourceful, innovative, forward thinking and committed. At Live Nation Entertainment, our people embrace these qualities, so if this sounds like you then please read on!
THE JOB
This position assists the Washington DC Market General Manager in all necessary aspects of managing the venue within the area.
WHAT THIS ROLE WILL DO
Provide daily support to General Manager, which includes but is not limited to:
schedule and calendar upkeep
office ops schedule upkeep
prepare General Manager for specialized meetings and industry functions
field general inquiries and re-direct to the General Manager
monthly expenses
compiling venue finances for weekly profit and loss reports
research and distribute monthly local crime reports
research projects (yearly business plan, annual report, customer service presentation, sponsorship and donations binder, court cases related to venue, etc.)
process ticket request forms
Provide general office upkeep, which includes but is not limited to:
order and refresh office supplies
receive/sign for UPS/Fed-Ex deliveries
prep spaces for meetings
Provide support to Finance team by submitting final finance reports for shows, creating all show files and submitting venue invoices
Organize charitable efforts and providing support on venue rentals
Develop office systems, including venue accounting, on-boarding process for new employees, lost & found, charity donations, phone tree, IT-related systems
Develop manual on office SOPs
Develop venue templates for PowerPoint presentations, proposals, etc., in order to create distinct look for all outgoing venue correspondence
Assist with venue projects when necessary
Assist with comprehensive venue internship program
Assist and support venue staff in any of their job functions, as needed
Complete other duties as assigned
WHAT THIS PERSON WILL BRING
Strong verbal / written communication, phone etiquette, computers (Microsoft Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint) or similar programs.
Ability to provide leadership, engage in positive interaction with staff and guests, prioritize, organize, motivate staff, problem solve, delegate, follow-up, communicate and diffuse possibly volatile situations with tact
Ability to multi-task daily, be organized, detail oriented, self-driven, forecast issues and handle last minute projects to meet deadlines.
Ability to work flexible hours, including nights, weekends, and holidays.
Proficient typing skills required (ability to type 30 wpm)
High school diploma required; college degree preferred
BENEFITS & PERKS - Our motto is ‘Taking Care of Our Own’ through 6 pillars of benefits:
HEALTH: Medical, Dental and Vision benefits for you and your family, including Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) and Health Savings Accounts (HSAs)
YOURSELF: Paid time off policy including holidays, sick time and day off for your birthday, free concert tickets
WEALTH: 401(k) program with company match, Stock Program Reimbursement
FAMILY: New parent programs & support including caregiver leave and baby bonus, infertility support
CAREER: Tuition reimbursement, student loan repayment internal growth and development programs & trainings
OTHERS: Volunteer time off, crowdfunding network
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
We are passionate and committed to our people and go beyond the rhetoric of diversity and inclusion. You will be working in an inclusive environment and be encouraged to bring your whole self to work. We will do all that we can to help you successfully balance your work and homelife. As a growing business we will encourage you to develop your professional and personal aspirations, enjoy new experiences, and learn from the talented people you will be working with. It’s talent that matters to us and we encourage applications from people irrespective of their gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability status or caring responsibilities.
Live Nation strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of age (40 and over), ancestry, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), family and medical care leave or the denial of family and medical care leave, mental or physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), marital status, domestic partner status, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, military and veteran status, political affiliation, national origin (including language use restrictions), citizenship, race, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, and gender expression, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law, rule, ordinance or regulation.
We will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the California Fair Chance Act and consistent with other similar and / or applicable laws in other areas.
We also afford equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability. For this reason, Live Nation will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant consistent with its legal obligations to do so, including reasonable accommodations related to pregnancy in accordance with applicable local, state and / or federal law. As part of its commitment to make reasonable accommodations, Live Nation also wishes to participate in a timely, good faith, interactive process with a disabled applicant to determine effective reasonable accommodations, if any, which can be made in response to a request for accommodations. Applicants are invited to identify reasonable accommodations that can be made to assist them to perform the essential functions of the position they seek. Any applicant who requires an accommodation in order to perform the essential functions of the job should contact a Human Resources Representative to request the opportunity to participate in a timely interactive process. Live Nation will also provide reasonable religious accommodations on a case by case basis.
HIRING PRACTICES
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.
Live Nation recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Live Nation may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms.
**Please note that the compensation information provided is a good faith estimate for this position only and is provided pursuant to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act and Equal Pay Transparency Rules. It is estimated based on what a successful Colorado applicant might be paid. It assumes that the successful candidate will be in Colorado or perform the position from Colorado. Similar positions located outside of
Colorado will not necessarily receive the same compensation. Live Nation takes into consideration a candidate’s education, training, and experience, as well as the position’s work location, expected quality and quantity of work, required travel (if any), external market and internal value, including seniority and merit systems, and internal pay alignment when determining the salary level for potential new employees. In compliance with the CO EPEWA, a potential new employee’s salary history will not be used in compensation decisions."	11146	Washington
Kanban Flow Manager	Northrop Grumman	Arlington, VA	None	"Category: Program Management
Location: Arlington, Virginia
US Citizenship Required for this Position: Yes
Clearance Type: Position of Public Trust
Telecommute: Yes – May Consider Full Time Teleworking for this position
Shift: 1st Shift
Travel Required: No
Positions Available: 2

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the world’s leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the can’t be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers. Peraton's Civil & Health sector is seeking Kanban Flow Managers to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position will be located in Arlington, VA. The Kanban Flow Managers will oversee and manage the operational aspects of ongoing projects and serves as liaison between project management and planning, project team, and line management. Reviews status of projects and budgets; manages schedules and prepares status reports. Assesses project issues and develops resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client-satisfaction goals and objectives. Develops mechanisms for monitoring project Roles and Responsibilities:
Lead the agile/iterative design and development activities of bug fixes and enhancements for the legacy systems.
Lead/perform problem management and defect resolution activities. Maintain a backlog of incidents, problems, and requests
Coordinate resolution of Tier 2 and Tier 3 issues from the service desk
Coordinate with external resolver groups as needed
Assign bug fixes into scheduled maintenance releases and manage the deployment of releases to the production environment.
Provide hands-on development and support of the solution

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field and 10 years of relevant experience -OR- Masters degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field and 8 years of relevant experience
Experience troubleshooting Tier 2 and Tier 3 issues on a help/service desk
Experience leading an Agile technical team
US Citizenship in order to obtain and maintain a position of public trust


Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledgeable with SAFe Agile practices and tools
Experience deploying and maintaining national security software systems in a 24/7 environment
Experience as a software team lead or similar technical role
Active adjudicated USMS background investigation or government security clearance
Experience supporting fixes to legacy and modernized software in a production environment
 #USMSMMP

We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law."	11146	Washington
Program Manager - Project on Prosperity and Development	Center For Strategic And International Studies	Washington, DC	None	"The Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) is a non-profit, bipartisan public policy organization established in 1962 to provide strategic insights and practical policy solutions to decisionmakers concerned with global security and prosperity. Over the years, it has grown to be one of the largest organizations of its kind, with a staff of some 200 employees, including more than 120 analysts working to address the changing dynamics of international security across the globe.


JOB SUMMARY:


The primary purpose of this position is to support all daily administrative aspects of the program and to assist the Director of the program in all administrative needs. Responsibilities cross all program components, including project management and oversight, direct supervision of personnel, budget, and written and verbal external and internal correspondences. You will report directly to the Senior VP and Director of PPD, Daniel F. Runde.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Essential functions may include, but are not limited to the following:

Reviews all internal and external written correspondence coming from the DirectorManages business development pipeline for the programManages program’s overall budget and ensures expenses are in line with projections; creates budgets for proposals and oversees adherence to existing project budgetsDirectly supervises five (5) full-time junior personnel (Program Coordinators, Research Assistants, and Research Associates)Other administrative tasks as needed


KNOWLEDGE, EDUCATION, AND EXPERIENCE:

B.A./B.S degree required; MA preferredMinimum 5+ years relevant professional experienceMinimum 3 years direct management experienceAbility to work closely with a range of individuals with diverse interests, backgrounds and dispositionsSound judgment and the ability to operate with discretion and flexibility is essentialAbility to project a professional image to the public, co-workers, trustees, and CSIS clients


PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS AND WORK CONDITIONS:


The physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee working in an office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.

Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer.


HOW TO APPLY:


Interested applicants should submit a résumé, cover letter, and four references to https://csiscareers.silkroad.com.
Required Skills

Required Experience"	11146	Washington
Technical Project Manager	REI Systems	Washington, DC 20219 (Southwest Federal Center area)	None	"Overview:

At REI Systems, our work makes a difference in the lives of millions of people every day. We believe that teams comprised of smart, creative and dedicated individuals can move a customer’s mission forward. We’re looking to hire leaders who can support and focus their team’s talent in the pursuit of impactful solutions based on technology. If you’re ready to begin your career at REI, we want to hear from you!
Do you want the opportunity to grow, learn and contribute every day?
If you are solution oriented, thrive in a fast paced, agile environment then come work for a company that was ranked 7th in the 2016 Washington Post Top Workplaces.
""REI Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer (Minority/Female/Disability/Vet)""
Responsibilities:

REI is seeking an experienced Project Manager to oversee and manage technical project(s) and serve as a liaison between project management and planning, project team, and line management. The candidate will prepare project execution plan(s) and identify technical and business resources needed. The candidate will review the status of projects and budgets, manage schedules and prepare status reports. The candidate will assess issues and develop resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client-satisfaction goals and objectives. The candidate will provide technical and analytical guidance to the project team
Responsibilities for Technical Project Manager
Determine and define project scope and objectives
Predict resources needed to reach objectives and manage resources in an effective and efficient manner
Prepare budget based on scope of work and resource requirements
Provide project updates on a consistent basis to various stakeholders about strategy, adjustments, and progress
Responsible for the performance of technical projects in accordance with contract requirements and company policies, procedures and guidelines.
Directs and supervises all support resources for the performance of project assignments and activities.
Manages the technical direction of a project through the design, implementation, and testing in accordance with project objectives.
Responsible for all aspects of the development and implementation of assigned projects and provides a single point of contact for those projects.
Develops detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports.
Monitor progress and make adjustments as needed
Measure project performance to identify areas for improvement
Manages the integration of vendor tasks and tracks and reviews vendor deliverables.
Provides technical and analytical guidance to project team. Recommends and takes action to direct the analysis and solutions of problems.
Utilize industry best practices, techniques, and standards throughout entire project execution
Other similar professional duties maybe assigned as needed
Qualifications:

Required Education, Experience, & Skills
Qualifications for Project Manager
Bachelor's degree in computer science, business, or a related field
Minimum 10 years of hands on software, data or infrastructure experience with recent in-depth experience with Cloud Technologies and minimum seven years of project management experience
Experience in running a custom application development engagement, knowledge of Microsoft Office Tools, and Project to create innovative business solutions
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification preferred
Proven ability to solve problems creatively
Strong familiarity with project management software tools, methodologies, and best practices
Experience seeing projects through the full life cycle
Excellent analytical skills
Strong interpersonal skills and extremely resourceful
Proven ability to complete projects according to outlined scope, budget, and timeline
Ability to understand high level Cloud architecture & design concepts, Three-tier Architecture, and technical dependencies
Ability to track progress and unblock individual via collaboration with other team members or escalation to chain of command
Ability to draw-up Implementation Plan for complex IT enterprise scale projects working through several vendors and teams
Ability to influence without authority in Technical IT Projects
Ability to develop slides and present to sr. managements
Familiarity with Agile Software Development practices
Ability to work independently with minimum guidance and collaborate with greater teams to make progress"	11146	Washington
Coordinator, Programming	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity. We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community. Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Kennedy Center’s Programming Department is a dynamic, creative, and dedicated group of arts administrators. The shared services team includes three unique and boundary pushing teams – Chamber, Classical New Music, and Jazz; Special Programming & Comedy; and Hip Hop Culture and Contemporary Music, allowing for exciting cross-discipline collaboration with an emphasis on work with Artistic Directors Renée Fleming, Joseph “Yossi” Kalichstein, Jason Moran, and Q-Tip.

The Coordinator, Programming will support the administrative aspects and day-to-day operations for all three teams. This position is essential in delivering a variety of services that ensure the efficient operation of the team and advancement of each team’s performance seasons.

The ecosystem of the shared services department requires staff to work across all genres as assigned by the Manager, Programming, learning about each genre while assisting with show duty, festivals, internally produced performances and/or events, and other large-scale projects.

The Coordinator must be able to exercise discretion in order to prioritize assignments and work under significant pressure, as many projects are time sensitive and involve concurrent deadlines. An eagerness to take initiative, communicate, work both independently and in a team setting, and problem solve with a positive attitude are essential.

Duties and Responsibilities

20% Project Management: Act as line producer for performances and other Kennedy Center events including, but not limited to artist advance, contracting, artist payments, and liaising with relevant internal departments (Production, Box Office, Marketing, PR, etc.) for productions in the Terrace Theater, Family Theater, REACH Campus, Millennium Stage, and virtual offerings.

20% Assist with the day-to-day management and administrative support for Chamber, Classical New Music, Jazz, Special Programming & Comedy, and Hip Hop Culture and Contemporary Music genres under the respective Director and/or Assistant Manager and Manager, Programming.

20% Company management including arranging travel, housing, and hospitality for visiting artists when required.

20% Assist the Manager, Programming with day-to-day management and administrative support of the Shared Services Department including, but not limited to taking meeting minutes, expense reimbursements, ordering office and show supplies, and guiding department interns.

10% Communicate confirmed programming information to marketing and confirmed production information to production.

5% Research, ideate, and assist towards implementation thereof, of artists, themes, and concepts as they pertain to Comedy & Special Programming. Attend live performances of new products whenever possible.

5% Payroll processing for all union and non-union employees working on produced shows.

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

1-2 years’ experience in an administrative or artist services department.
Interest/knowledge in music or the performing arts.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Must exercise good judgment, show initiative, and handle sensitive data in a trustworthy manner.
Strong organizational skills and the ability to work independently as well as in a team environment.
Discretion, maturity, and composure, especially under pressure.
Familiarity of working with contracts strongly encouraged.
Ability to establish priorities and juggle numerous assignments.
High standards and sense of responsibility.
Interest in positive interpersonal interaction, openness to diverse work situations and sense of humor strongly encouraged.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Must be able to work odd-hours, including evenings, weekends, holidays, and occasional work beyond 40 hours/week. Must be on-call during certain performances and company travel days.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is low. Travel is not required for this position.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11146	Washington
Program Assistant	Population Services International	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	None	":

Job Title: Program Assistant
Department: Sexual and Reproductive Health
Based in Washington, DC
Up to 5% international travel
Reports to: Program Manager
Who we are
Population Services International (PSI) is the world’s leading non-profit social marketing organization. We are a diverse group of over 5,000 entrepreneurial development professionals located in over 40 countries committed to making it easier for all people to lead healthier lives and plan the families they desire. PSI is using it’s global presence and 50+ years of experience to help reimagine healthcare. We are working to shape market systems, shift policy and funding, and strengthen global capacity to better support consumer empowered healthcare.
Join us!
PSI’s seeks a Program Assistant (PA) to support our operational excellence and execution of quality and standards by providing wide-ranging administrative and operational support to the Sexual and Reproductive Health (SRH) Department. The PA will liaise with global technical and service departments and network members/country project teams to support routine administrative needs and daily activities and contribute to successful delivery of SRH projects and department-level initiatives. This position will support the Women’s Health Project (WHP), A360 Amplify Project, and the SRH Quality of Care teams, with some administrative support to the broader SRH department. You help keep these teams organized, energized, and ready to tackle any challenge that come our way.
The Women’s Health Project core team leads a large and dynamic safe abortion project, implemented in 15 countries around the world.
The Quality of Care team provides vision and support to PSI’s global, regional, and bilateral SRH programs to create and maintain Quality of Care systems that always place the client at the center.
A360 Amplify works across four countries to adapt and integrate aspirational ASRH programming into government health systems. You help keep these teams organized, energized, and ready to tackle any challenge that come our way.
The ideal candidate is someone who will proactively meet administrative and project needs, can juggle multiple, competing priorities, and will enthusiastically ensure smooth and timely flow of work. This position is based in Washington, D.C.
 :

Your contribution
Provides routine administrative support for daily operations, project management, and general functioning of assigned portfolio.
Provides basic financial management support, including assisting with basic team budget management, procurement and payment of consultants, vendors, subrecipients and other services, and management and reconciliation of purchasing card.
Provides support for knowledge management activities, including the design of tools and systems for knowledge management and information tracking, creation and maintenance of internal filing systems, maintenance of online communications site(s), and development of communications materials.
 :

What are we looking for?
The basics:
Associate's degree (or international equivalent) in a related field.
Bachelor's Degree (or international equivalent) in a related field preferred.
Some work experience.
Demonstrated interest in international health and development issues.
Commitment to safe abortion.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Strong computer skills in MS Office applications.
Excellent organizational and administrative skills with special attention to detail and timeliness.
A multi-tasking machine.
A team player and self-starter who can work gracefully under pressure.
You stay positive when things are difficult, manage your time effectively, and communicate with your team efficiently about your workload.
References will be required. The successful candidate will be required to pass a background check.
Must be authorized to work in the United States. N.B. PSI will not consider work visa sponsorship for this position.
What would get us excited?
French language skills.
Previous experience working on safe abortion and/or sexual and reproductive health projects.
Knowledge of graphic design and data visualization, with an eye for creativity.
The candidate we hire will embody PSI’s corporate values:
Measurement: You use hard evidence to make decisions and guide your work. You set clear goalposts in advance and explain clearly if you need to move them.
Pragmatism: You’ll strive to deliver the best possible result with the resources available. You won’t be paralyzed by a need to make things perfect.
Honesty: You own your mistakes and are open about your shortcomings – it’s the only way you’ll learn and improve.
Collaboration: You’ll quickly establish a mental map of whom you can rely on for what, on your team, at headquarters, and in our country offices – if you try to do it all yourself, you won’t succeed.
Trust: You accept limits to your sphere of control and give colleagues the benefit of the doubt.
Commitment: You are in it for the long-haul and want to grow with the organization, just like PSI serves its consumers and partners with host-country governments through thick and thin.
STATUS
Non- ExemptDue to high volume of applications, only finalists will be contacted. Curious about your status? Please log into your iCIMS account to find out.
PSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applications from qualified individuals regardless of actual or perceived race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, personal appearance, matriculation, political affiliation, family status or responsibilities, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions or breastfeeding, genetic information, amnesty, veteran, special disabled veteran or uniform service member status or employment status.
ACCESSIBILITY NOTICE: If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process due to a physical or mental disability, please send an email to: newhiresupport@psi.org or call (202)785-0072."	11146	Washington
IS Project Manager (Sr. Principal)	Northrop Grumman	McLean, VA 22102	None	"Category: Information Technology
Location: McLean, Virginia
US Citizenship Required for this Position: Yes
Clearance Type: None
Telecommute: No –Teleworking not available for this position
Shift: 1st Shift
Travel Required: Yes, 25 % of the Time
Positions Available: 1

Join Northrop Grumman on our continued mission to push the boundaries of possible across land, sea, air, space, and cyberspace. Enjoy a culture where your voice is valued and start contributing to our team of passionate professionals providing real-life solutions to our world’s biggest challenges. We take pride in creating purposeful work and allowing our employees to grow and achieve their goals every day by Defining Possible. With our competitive pay and comprehensive benefits, we have the right opportunities to fit your life and launch your career today. Northrop Grumman's Enterprise Services organization is seeking an IT Service Delivery Technical Liaison (SDTL). The selected candidate will be responsible and accountable Enterprise service delivery for the Defense Systems PMO Sector functional areas. Responsibilities will include support of IT service delivery, planning, governance and compliance for Enterprise Services. The position location preference is McLean, VA, however, we will consider candidates located in Huntsville, AL and/or Rocket Center, WV.

The SDTL is responsible for leading and managing IT initiatives for Enterprise Services, to include:

Support the Program Management Office on operational issues/initiatives and have management and oversight of site desktop, mobility, and voice and managed print employees & any IT service issuesSDTLs support Service Delivery Management (not primary customer facing) on operational issues/initiativesResponsible for ensuring issues are resolved by Engineering/OperationsTechnical resource for Operations and ISCP requestsTechnical resource for any function when needed in support of provided Enterprise ServicesExpedites for any Customer service tickets/incidentsProject management to resolve multi-tower issuesLead operational improvements/Red TeamsProcessing Operational Transactional processes - Waivers, PC Requests, E2E, ZZ/QQ, etcData calls/cleanup-PC Refresh Non-respondersOversight on Site Operating initiatives - VoIP rollout, eMPS, Enhanced wireless, etcOperational Communications on updates/status of servicesProvide regular collaboration and guidance to large cross functional matrix teamsExecute on strategic planning and cost and schedule focused deliveryProvide for cost effective and timely delivery of high-quality IT services and products to Enterprise Services customersLead, coordinate, and collaborate with other sectors regarding multi-sector projects and initiativesInfluence and drive the Enterprise Services information technology (IT) strategy and direction, with a focus on leveraging all ES services while meeting all legal, ethical, and financial commitments.Align IT Solutions organization, services, service levels, technology, and business process re-engineering initiatives with Enterprise Service Line strategies, business needs, and affordability while providing high-value IT services at the lowest possible cost.Lead and support the development of enterprise architecture, with focus on improving the commonality of business processes through improvement methodologies using business systems and management processes.Identify opportunities to improve systems integration by reducing redundancy and cost, while at the same time increasing productivity and cost competitiveness

Basic Qualifications: To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills and abilities listed below:

Bachelor’s degree in a related discipline and 9 years of experience planning and leading enterprise-wide programs, service delivery and IT infrastructure initiatives; or Master's degree with 7 years of experience. (A combination of years of experience and education can be considered in lieu of the degree requirement)Experienced project manager or equivalent with at least 5 years’ experience leading diverse functional or program teams, driving outcomes and achieving resultsDemonstrated experience working with matrixed or virtual teamsExcellent organizational, verbal, and written communications skillsDemonstrated experience in project management, analysis, planning, presentation and human relations’ skills are required25% travel is requiredAbility to obtain and maintain an active DoD Secret clearance

Preferred Qualifications: Candidates with these desired skills will be given preferential consideration: • Experience in deploying data analytics capabilities and robotics process automation is preferred, but not required.
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or relevant disciplineExperience leading a multiple dimensional teamProject Management CertificationExcellent organizational, verbal, and written communications skillsDemonstrated experience in IT consulting and strategy development

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions."	11146	Washington
Data Specialist I	ARK Solutions	Washington, DC	None	"Project Description:
Provide litigation support services

Position Details:
Role Title: Data Specialist I

Education / Certification Requirement: Undergraduate degree preferred; preferably in the computer science or information management/technology fields.
Technical certification valued.
Position-specific Required Skills: This is an entry level position.
Requires some experience with the applications actually being supported.
Knowledge of file manipulation applications and experience with LAW, IPRO, ICONECT, and Relativity, is extremely helpful.
Knowledge of Governments IT environment, including office automation networks, PC and server based applications very helpful

Position-specific Desired/Required Skills Performs loading, conversion services, and database indexing.
Creates and modifies files for upload into COTS products and performs individual file conversion in support of electronic file processing.
Must be able to ensure the accuracy of data loading, manipulation, and conversion by performing and documenting quality and accuracy checks.
Performs basic tasks related to exporting data from contractor and DOJ databases.

Day-to-Day Responsibilities: This is an entry level position under the supervision of a Senior Data Specialist or data processing manager.
Performs loading, conversion services, and database indexing.
Creates and modifies files for upload into COTS products and performs individual file conversion in support of electronic file processing.
Must be able to ensure the accuracy of data loading, manipulation, and conversion by performing and documenting quality and accuracy checks.
Performs basic tasks related to exporting data from contractor and DOJ databases.

Required Skills:
Data Specialist, years of Experience"	11146	Washington
Sr IT Project/Program Mgr	ServiceNow	Vienna, VA 22182	None	"Company Description
ServiceNow is making the world of work, work better for people. Our cloud‑based platform and solutions deliver digital workflows that create great experiences and unlock productivity for employees and the enterprise. We're growing fast, innovating faster, and making an impact on our customers' and employees' lives in significant and important ways. With over 6,900 customers, we serve approximately 80% of the Fortune 500, and we're on the 2020 list of FORTUNE World's Most Admired Companies.®
We’re looking for people who are ready to jump right in and help us build on our incredible momentum, our diverse, engaged workforce, and our purpose to make the world of work, work better.
Learn more on Life at Now blog and hear from our employees about their experiences working at ServiceNow.
Job Description
What you get to do in this role:


Develop disaster recovery plans for critical applications and services.

Coordinate periodic tests on documented disaster recovery strategies and plans.

Analyze impact on, and risk to, essential business functions or information systems to identify acceptable recovery time periods and resource requirements.

Assess risks to business operations.

Review existing disaster recovery, crisis management, or business continuity plans.

Write reports to summarize testing activities, including descriptions of goals, planning, scheduling, execution, results, analysis, conclusions, and recommendations.

Maintain and update organization information technology applications and network systems blueprints.

Prepare reports summarizing operational results, financial performance, or accomplishments of specified objectives, goals, or plans.

Prepare operational reports.

Create scenarios to re-establish operations from various types of business disruptions.

Attend professional meetings, read literature, and participate in training or other educational offerings to keep abreast of new developments and technologies related to disaster recovery and business continuity.

Maintaining and monitoring project plans, project schedules, work hours, budgets and expenditures.

Organizing, attending and participating in stakeholder meetings.

Documenting and following up on important actions and decisions from meetings.

Preparing necessary presentation materials for meetings.

Determining scope changes, developing strategies and undertaking project tasks as required.

Ensuring projects adhere to frameworks and all documentation is maintained appropriately for each project.

Assess project risks and issues and provide solutions where applicable.

Ensure stakeholder views are managed towards the best solution, provide administrative support as needed.

Chair and facilitate meetings where appropriate and distribute minutes to all project team members.

Create a project management calendar for fulfilling each goal and objectives.

Administer infrastructure upgrades, implementations, and integrations.

Develop and implement IT processes.

Identify opportunities and own improvements to technologies and IT processes.

Lead, define, and complete complex IT tasks independently, and lead small projects as needed.

Manage and be accountable for project completions.

Acquiring resources and coordinating team members along with third-party contractors.

Establish team priorities according to business and technical need.

Excellent verbal & written communication skills, including the ability to synthesize information that can be easily consumed by various executive audiences.

Build proofs-of-concept (POC) for potential new solutions and technologies by working closely with product management and engineering teams.

Facilitate requirements gathering and process mapping workshops. Perform gap analysis (as-is functionality versus to-be functionality).

Participate in end-to-end implementation planning including project management, issue management, communication and change management.

Document and identify ways to improve existing business and technical operations pain points based on process optimization, technology, change management, or communication.

Qualifications
To be successful in this role you have:





JV20
Additional Information
ServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law.
If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at +1 (408) 501-8550, or [email protected] for assistance.
For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government."	11146	Washington
IT Manager	Kearns & West	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	None	"The Organization
Kearns & West provides a spectrum of services including facilitation; public involvement; project management; digital engagement and collaborative technology; process and meeting design, conflict resolution including mediation; outreach and engagement; collaborative decision-making; and strategic planning. We work extensively – but not exclusively – on public policy decision-making, conflict resolution, and citizen engagement across a broad spectrum of issues. Our collaborative programs are designed to identify and organize a range of issues, opinions, goals and interests into clear, productive processes that lead to successful conclusions for diverse parties and key stakeholders.
Kearns & West’s “IT Backbone” supports our organization and teams, ensuring functionality for our matrixed, small business to continue to thrive and grow. Kearns & West also has a Digital Engagement team that drives technology innovation in our services and client environments, helping groups achieve more when they are together (in person or virtually) and between meetings. As new technology pilots and needs evolve towards broader team adoption, our IT team helps deploy and manage technologies firm-wide.
Kearns & West’s mission: Organizations impacting society operate within a complex framework of needs, policies, interests, and markets. Kearns & West navigates this framework to help clients collaborate, communicate vision, and create productive connections with their stakeholders, employees and customers.
The Position
Kearns & West is seeking an IT Manager to lead our internal IT team. The K&W IT Team includes K&W Principals, leadership from our external-facing Digital Engagement team, and Project Coordinator / Office Manager support. The IT Manager will lead implementation of our firm’s “IT Backbone” – the core IT tools and services K&W leverages for our team to coordinate and deliver internal and external services (e.g., Office 365, VoIP Phones [currently Ring Central], Email Security Training [currently KnowB4], webinar platforms [zoom, webex] etc.) The IT Manager will team closely with our Digital Engagement team – as value-add technologies shift from project uses into broader firm-wide adoption and incorporation into our “backbone” of core tools.
This job isn’t: The help desk / first-responder role for “backbone” Kearns & West IT support (e.g., problem solving issues with Outlook.) We leverage an external managed service provider for that.
This job is: Managing our external service provider and teaming on visioning and leading support for strategic IT initiatives.
Responsibilities
Liaise with the managed IT service / Help Desk provider serving as the firm’s core point of contact
Manage IT vendor relationships and oversee technology-oriented subscription/license services
Plan and oversee strategic IT initiatives related to the rollout and continued use of security solutions, new technologies, major software upgrades, and others
Document and track key metrics related to firm-wide IT performance for regular briefings and check-in with various firm staff
Provide direct support to clients and stakeholders needing interoperability with firm technologies
Work with relevant staff to manage and improve firm IT security, providing direct training and implementation support to staff
Create and curate support materials and for firm-supported IT offerings, including detailed how-to documentation, SOPs, tool descriptions for marketing purposes, and the like
Perform problem management services, analyzing core causes and working with stakeholders to address the issue and prevent their recurrence
Serve as primary point of contact in addressing improvements to core firm technologies (for example, SharePoint modifications, website improvements, etc.)
Bolster firm-wide technology adeptness through knowledge documentation and regular training opportunities
Work with project staff and stakeholders to address complex technology issues, simplifying the issue and developing business cases or workplans for next steps
Support employee onboarding and offboarding related to IT, account configuration, hardware procurement, etc.
Experience
4+ years of experience.
Demonstrated capacity to manage and oversee IT projects
Background in managing and communicating complex technical tasks with non-technical staff and stakeholders
Demonstrated interest in environmental issues, natural resource management, and/or energy is beneficial.
Skills
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office – Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Skill in managing and overseeing a firm-wide SharePoint Environment
Conversancy in webinar and synchronous technology platforms –Zoom / Ring Central Meetings, WebEx, MS Teams
Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously
Experience in end-to-end IT project management and oversight
Ability to be flexible and resourceful and handle pressure/tight deadlines gracefully
Ability to interact and perform in a team-based environment
Ability to accessibly communicate technical matter, including written communications (user guides), 1-on-1 user troubleshooting support across all levels of technology acumen, and technology trainings
Capacity to rapidly distill core strengths and constraints of technological platforms
WHAT WE OFFER:
Generous 401k Matching
Full benefits
Companywide bonus program
How to Apply
Please e-mail a resume and cover letter to personnel@kearnswest.com with the subject “IT Manager” We ask that you do not call or email staff directly. Resumes will be accepted until the position is filled."	11146	Washington
Resident Services - Part-Time	Berkshire Residential Investments	Washington, DC	None	"....Tag you're it!!!!!....
Our “IT factor” means we are the best in what we do and are always striving to be even better!
Team “IT FACTOR”
Berkshire is a nationally respected property management team that creates memorable and valuable experiences for all of our stakeholders by attracting fun, engaging talent that is committed to excellence in everything we do! We own and manage our own properties, and we have one asset that sets us apart from the others –Berkshire people.
We offer 3 weeks of vacation, personal development plans, great insurance, a 25% rent discount (and so much more!)... Take a look at what makes us different….
Our vision is to kindle an exceptional experience one relationship, one investment, one neighborhood, at a time.
Here is what your day might look like....
As one of our Resident Services Coordinators your day is all about BEING FLEXIBLE!!! The go to person!! The Residents and the site departments depend on you!! Your day includes supporting the Leasing department (and stepping in when necessary to sell/lease) working with renewals and helping the maintenance team to ensure great service! Paying attention to the details makes you the person the resident’s love to see!
Being that go to person for the residents! You’ve got the answers!!
Be the right-hand person for the leasing team!! Helping to greet prospective clients and possibly showing the property if a helping hand is needed
You might work with the residents and team to promote our lease renewals
Be the voice of the property handling our phone calls.
Processing the service request from resident, to maintenance and the follow up
Be entrepreneurial with suggestions and ideas for improving resident satisfaction and events
We Believe:
Berkshire is committed to providing equal opportunity in all practices, which affect employees and applicants for employment. The company shall ensure that decisions affecting employees are made without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, citizenship, genetic information, or any other protected category under federal, state or local law. Berkshire's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy requires the commitment of every Property Manager and Supervisor. All employees are expected to participate in and actively support these efforts.
This position is part-time.
Education
Preferred
High School or better in Business
Skills
Required
Communication
Customer Service
Preferred
Creativity Innovation
Behaviors
Required
Team Player: Works well as a member of a group
Preferred
Innovative: Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking
Enthusiastic: Shows intense and eager enjoyment and interest
Motivations
Preferred
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization
Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help"	11146	Washington
Program Manager	Tantus Technologies	Washington, DC	None	"Overview: In anticipation of an award, Tantus Technologies, Inc. Tantus Technologies, Inc. (Tantus) - recognized by the Washington Post as a Top Workplace - is seeking a Program Manager to lead and participate in the maintenance, enhancement, and/or migration of public-facing web-based applications and platforms which are considered ""mission-critical"".You will be responsible for managing personnel, subcontractors, deliverable quality, project financials, and customer satisfaction. You will provide strategic guidance and support to the team and establishes the overall vision for execution, and be responsible for developing trusted relationships with key clients, managing stakeholder expectations, as well as overseeing program quality, risk, and profitability.What You'll Do:Project Management, including management of all work within the scope of workIT Management, including technical analysis and planning for the Client's system, development process management, performance monitoring and reporting, and Tier 3 support managementTransition Management, including transition in of the Contractor to assume operations and management of the system and, when needed, transition out to a subsequent contractorApplication Platform Management, including hosting, operations, maintenance, and enhancement of application platform including all equipment and software needed to run the applicationApplication Management, including operations, maintenance, and enhancement of the application and associated formsApplication Modernization, including replacement or addition of major system components/modules both at the application platform level and application levelSystem Security Support, including development of security documentation, analysis and resolution of security POA&Ms, and performing security monitoring and analysisEnd-User Support (optional task), including Tier-0, Tier-1, and Tier-2 as defined in TASK 9: End-User Support Services (Optional TaskMust Haves:7+ years of program and project management experience with federal finance and grants management systems7+ years of technical experience designing, development, maintaining federal grant management systems5+ years of experience managing federal website applications and/or portals that are public-facing and contain either "".gov"" or "".edu"" domainsBachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Finance, or related fieldPMP certificationDemonstrated experience in:Federal financial and grant management system implementations and upgradesCompletion of project development projects from inception to deploymentProviding Strategic guidance and direction for high-profile projects and/or initiativesManagement of complex multi-task programs/projectsKnowledge and understanding of institutional goals, objectives, structure and operationsKnowledge of applicable legislation, standards, policies and procedures within specialty area and the regulatory environment within which they operateKnowledge of cost analysis techniques, financial planning and report preparationSkill in examining and re-engineering operations and procedures, formulating policy, and developing and implementing new strategies and proceduresStrong interpersonal skills and the ability to effectively work with a wide range of individuals and constituencies in a diverse communityDemonstrated ability to successfully direct, coordinate, and strategically integrate multiple developmental, enhancement, and/or modification projects at an institutional levelAbility to gather data, investigate and analyze information while being able to draw conclusions and issue recommendationsAbility to work effectively with representatives of federal governments, including staff of the executive officeJob Type: Full-time"	11146	Washington
Momentum Project Delivery Manager	Deloitte	Washington, DC	None	"Deloitte's Enterprise Performance professionals are leaders in optimizing operations that span the entire enterprise of an organization, from strategy to implementation and operation. By joining our team, you can help clients achieve impact and value from their investments in both people and technology that support enterprise-wide operations, as well as solutions for specific functions in the organization, from IT to finance and the supply chain.
Work you'll do
Serve as a full-time Momentum Developer for a large, complex Department of Defense financial system. Responsibilities include:Problem solving and analysisDevelopment of new objects to automate or enhance functionalityPreparing technical design specificationsCommunicating with other team members and clients to support user acceptance testingAnalyzing business requirements to determine appropriate technical solutionsResolving defects and performance issues; completing technical reviews, supporting code migration, and create technical documentation as requiredAssisting with creation of work plans, level of effort estimates, and release schedules
The team
Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
The Finance & Enterprise Performance (F&EP) teams advise, implement, and deliver as-a-service solutions to help clients develop strategies and capabilities that support enterprise-wide decision-making, develop operating models to optimize organizational performance, improve finance operations and create impact within their organizations.
Qualifications
Qualifications

Bachelor's degree required
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Government financial consulting experience
Momentum implementation experience
Active DoD Secret Clearance (or higher) security clearance required

Preferred:

Experience in assessing federal financial business processes, developing Momentum based system options, and/or implementation in all aspects of programming, planning, budgeting, execution or accounting.
Demonstrated experience conducting analyses in Momentum Financials that may involve complex technical parameters, acquisition and technical requirements, procurement and business principles, and similar cost-influencing factors
Demonstrated experience Momentum software development activities that may include requirements gathering via process assessment, development and maintenance of configuration management, system testing supporting Momentum-based financial system upgrade and enhancements
Experience performing configuration and development activities to support one or more of the following Momentum modules: General Ledger, Budget Execution, Purchasing, Credit Card, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Automated Disbursements, External Reports, Planning, Workflow, Reports Portal, etc.
Experience with BI Publisher reporting
Comptia Security+ certification
How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career."	11146	Washington
Assistant, Corporate Relations	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity.

We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community.

Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Assistant will work with the Assistant Manager(s) and Director of Corporate Relations to plan, develop, and implement the solicitation of corporate support for the Kennedy Center, Washington National Opera (WNO), and/or National Symphony Orchestra (NSO).

The Assistant will draft correspondence and sponsorship materials; conduct corporate research; and maintain a large donor database. The Assistant will help provide donor stewardship for all corporate donors falling under their portfolio, ensuring fulfillment of donor benefits by liaising with contributors via phone and email; and maintaining donor contact information.

The Assistant must be able to exercise discretion in order to prioritize assignments and work under significant pressure, as many projects are time sensitive, involving concurrent deadlines and donor interaction. An eagerness to communicate and problem solve with a positive attitude is essential.

Salary: $41,600

Duties and Responsibilities

25% Assist team in maintaining Tessitura database to track solicitations, donor information, deadlines, and benefits usage. Utilize other KC systems to support team wide project management.

20% Provide proactive customer service to current corporate donors within your team’s portfolio. This includes: (a) tracking benefits; (b) interacting via phone and email with new and current donors to ensure that they are aware of the benefits available to them; (c) liaising with production and ticketing staff to manage donor needs; (d) managing signage and recognition approval process between donor and the Kennedy Center’s Marketing and Press Departments; and (e) liaising with marketing department on proper use for corporate logos and other types of recognition.

20% Utilize department tools to support team in efforts to identify, cultivate, and solicit current and prospective donors/sponsors at all levels.

20% Process gifts to KC, WNO, and NSO: write/generate acknowledgement letters, tax receipts and membership cards, assemble copies for files. Aid in creating and reviewing corporate contracts.

15% Utilize department research tools to create research briefings for Kennedy Center senior staff and Board members.

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

Bachelor's degree is preferred. Minimum one year of development or related experience preferred.
Working knowledge of the performing arts is preferred.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Superior organizational, written, and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Careful attention to detail and awareness of standard accounting procedures.
Ability and confidence to work without close supervision, to foresee development needs, and to proactively generate work for this position.
Ability to multitask.
A professional and cordial demeanor, tact, and diplomacy are imperative.
Creativity and excellent communication skills are critical to identifying funding sources, matching their interests to projects, and communicating persuasively, both in person and in writing, the need for funding.
Ability to deftly manage many relationships and personality types; both internally among staff members, and externally among constituents.
Experience with Tessitura is ideal.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Large, vibrant, fast-paced office that values initiative, efficiency, diversity, and teamwork. Office culture encourages professional growth through internal promotion whenever possible. Occasional evening and weekend work required. The noise level in the work environment is moderate. No travel required.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11146	Washington
Assistant, Foundation & Government Giving	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity.

We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community.

Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Assistant, Foundation & Government Giving will work with a passionate, high-performing team to support the solicitation of foundation and government grants for the Kennedy Center and Washington National Opera (WNO).

The Assistant will draft select proposals and reports, generate donor correspondence, research funding prospects, compile detailed program information and metrics, utilize departmental systems to process gifts, track giving levels, renewal schedules, and solicitations and ensure proper donor recognition.

The Assistant must be able to exercise discretion in order to collaboratively prioritize assignments and work expediently under significant pressure, as many projects are time sensitive involving concurrent deadlines and donor interaction. A proactive working style and an eagerness to communicate and problem-solve with a positive attitude is essential.

Salary: $41,600

Duties and Responsibilities

25% Draft acknowledgement letters, emails, and other correspondence to support communications to foundation and government leadership.

20% Draft select fundraising proposals and reports. This includes the preparation and submission of all financial information and budgets; liaising with Kennedy Center and WNO finance departments on budget approvals; follow-up with the funder; and responding to inquiries regarding project progress.

15% Utilize and maintain the Tessitura database and other KC systems to track donor relationship data and organize projects as appropriate.

15% Process gifts, tax receipts, membership cards, and maintain donor files.

15% Provide proactive customer service to current foundation and government funder/s to the Kennedy Center and WNO. This includes: (a) interacting via phone and email with donors and foundation staff to ensure that they are taking advantage of any benefits available to them; (b) managing donor ticketing needs; and (c) managing the recognition approval process between donor and the Kennedy Center.

10% Support Assistant Managers in prospect management. Maintain Tessitura data for prospect pipeline management, organize research on funding prospects; create research briefs for senior staff and Board members.

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

Bachelor's degree is required. In lieu of a degree, applicable experience will be considered.
1 year development or related experience is highly preferred, as is working knowledge of the performing arts.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

The candidate must have the ability and confidence to work without close supervision, to foresee development needs, and to generate work for this position and for others supportive of this position including an intern.
This position requires superior organizational and interpersonal skills and written and verbal communications.
Fundraising efforts are conducted for multiple programs and events simultaneously, and the incumbent must be able to prioritize and manage many varied and time-sensitive tasks.
Creativity is critical to identifying funding sources and matching their interests to projects, and to communicating persuasively, both in person and in writing, the need for funding.
A professional and cordial demeanor, tact, and diplomacy are imperative as the candidate is regularly in contact with people at all levels of society and business including Kennedy Center leadership, high level volunteers, major donors and prospects, and other Center personnel.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Large, vibrant, fast-paced office that values initiative, efficiency, diversity, and teamwork. Office culture encourages professional growth through internal promotion whenever possible. Occasional evening and weekend work required. The noise level in the work environment is moderate. No travel required.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	The Food and Drug Administration	Beltsville, MD	None	"Position Description:
Responsibilities
Collaborates with IT project managers (PMs) and/or serves as an IT project manager (PM) and contracting officer representative (COR) for various CTP IT initiatives.
Provides government oversight to contractors for IT projects, monitoring and reporting on contractor performance.
Plans and executes all facets of project management to include day-to-day management and oversight of multiple, concurrent IT projects.
Evaluates and recommends the adoption of new or enhanced approaches to delivering IT products and/or services.
Travel Required
Occasional travel- You may be expected to travel for this position.
Qualifications:

The position of IT Project Manager falls under the 2210 occupational series. To qualify for this position at grade GS-12, you must meet the following:

GS-5 through GS-15 (or equivalent): For all positions individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below. The employing agency is responsible for identifying the specific level of proficiency required for each competency at each grade level based on the requirements of the position being filled:

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.
Minimum Qualifications
Specialized Experience. Specialized experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

GS-12: You must possess 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 in the Federal service that includes experience applying risk management of systems, managing multiple IT projects with competing deadlines, and integrating requirements into a IT project management plan.

To Apply:
For more information and to apply for the available position, please visit this website."	11146	Washington
Quality Manager	M. A. Mortenson Company	Tysons Corner, VA	None	"Overview
Company Overview:
Mortenson’s success is not a matter of luck; it’s a result of our ingenuity, expertise, and exceptional people coupled with our unparalleled focus on customer service.
Our foundation and culture are based upon our values of trust, safety, teamwork, responsibility, service and stewardship. We are inspired by a compelling purpose to build structures and facilities for the advancement of modern society and a mission to create an extraordinary customer experience. Mortenson has built a reputation for being a leader in our industry and in the communities in which we live and work.
It all starts with our extraordinary people and collaborative teams. Mortenson has been voted a ""best place to work"" over 40 times since 2002…
…What are you waiting for?
The Big Picture:
Do you have the aptitude to anticipate problems, critical issues and opportunities as they arise? Are you capable of problem solving and generating creative solutions?
Mortenson is currently seeking an experienced Quality Manager to lead, document, monitor, and analyze the quality system for projects. Also, ensure necessary corrective and preventative actions are taken. Strong communication skills are necessary as you will interact with a staff at all levels in an ever-changing environment. Your ability to remain flexible, inventive, dedicated, and efficient with a high level of integrity and confidentiality is vital to your success in this role.
Responsibilities
What will you be doing?
Incorporate and lead the quality system on medium to large sized projects
Lead planning, development, and implementation of the Quality Management Plan and system for all work divisions from notice to proceed through final customer acceptance
Establish and lead quality control initiatives, activities (Three-Phase Inspection Process), and corrective actions
Review project plans for quality requirements prior to Issue for Construction drawings
Lead Quality Events and corrective actions
Manage Non-Conformance Notices and the Request for Information process through corrective actions
Resolve issues with and without mentorship from the Project Manager or Superintendent
Oversee and coordinate third party peer design and third party testing agencies
Lead the punch list identification and closeout process
Make and implement recommendations as necessary
Handle subcontracts and suppliers for the project
Visit suppliers to review quality program for vital project components
Coach and mentor Field Engineer(s) and Project Engineer(s)
Provide job assignments and lead career development
Train others on Kaizen event roles or visual management
Participate in and lead group Kaizen activities
Other duties as assigned, including:
Maintain quality processes until project completion
Complete special projects or initiatives as assigned by the operating group quality director
Assure project success if required to run a project or portion of a project as a Project Manager or Superintendent"	11146	Washington
Cybersecurity Project Manager	VariQ Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:

VariQ is seeking a Cybersecurity Project Manager to support the Library of Congress IT Security Services contract.
Additional Information:
Location: Washington, DC
Salary: Dependent upon experience
Available: Upon award, September 2021
Responsibilities:
Managing a team of at least 10+ cybersecurity professionals delivering security engineering, vulnerability assessment, and penetration testing, SOC tools administration
Managing Costs, Schedule and Budgets within acceptable parameters
Coordinating with Government Leads and providing status reports as required
Ensuring all deliverables are met on time and with quality
Qualifications:
It is expected that the Project Manager have at least 15 years of technical experience working in the Cybersecurity / IT Security field
At least seven (7) + years of experience managing Cybersecurity / IT Security projects
Cloud experience: (5) + years preferred
The Project Manager must have experience leading teams, minimally, of 10 direct reports
Must have at least one of the following certifications: CAP, CASP+CE, CISM, CISSP (or Associate), GSLC, CCISO, HCISPP
ITIL Certification or ITIL experience required
Education
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent years of experience required
OTHER DUTIES
This job description is not designed to cover a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities are subject to change at any time. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these functions.
While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, sit, and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate.
NOTE
All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.
VariQ is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected class. We consider diversity and inclusiveness to be core to our culture, and central to our commitment to fostering an empowering and supportive workplace."	11146	Washington
IT Project Portfolio Manager	Teracore	Washington, DC	None	"Teracore is a Service Disabled-Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) classified management consulting and information technology services firm. We are committed to creating and maintaining a corporate environment and culture that promotes long-term employment. Diverse talents help us to achieve the missions and objectives of our customers. We hope we can partner together to achieve those goals.

We are SO glad you are reading this. But, before we go any further in this conversation, we have deal breakers. You must have:

BS/BA preferably in Technical area Computer Science or Information Technology

PMP certification

Must be able to work on client site in DC, post-pandemic restrictions

US Citizenship and background investigation are required to attain a favorable entry on duty (EOD)/public trust clearance

5 - 7+ years of hands-on technical experience providing project management services and support to public sector organizations

You should also have:
In-depth knowledge of and experience with IT Project Management processes , Business Analyst , and Project Management principles and practices such as those defined by the PMI PMBOK, Federal Enterprise Architecture CPIC, SDLC, IT Security Management, and Risk Management

K nowledge of and experience with federal IT Investment

Proven expertise in IT Project P ortfolio management, to include the ability to apply consistent management approaches to IT Portfolio Management that increases the quality of data through best practices and documentation

Knowledge of O MB reporting requirements and adapting internal reporting to align with Cloud Based and Shared Service Models

Experience in responding to internal and external government audits

Proven ability as demonstrated in your resume to review and analyze cost, schedule, and performance requirements for complex IT programs

We're glad you're still reading.

Now that we have that out of the way, let's talk about some of the day to day duties of this role. You will be s upporting OCIO in defining the IT mission, IT vision, and IT strategic direction as well as focus areas for the Department that are consistent with the departmental business mission and goals. You will also be r eviewing and assessing current and future agency IT mission and strategic plan alignment and providing assistance, support, and guidance to agencies to improve and enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of their IT portfolio in meeting their mission needs as well as department-wide IT goals and objectives. On top of that you will ensure a strategic planning focus regarding the OCIO's efforts to optimize its service offerings in a continuous improvement environment while monitoring DOL and agency strategic business management activities to ensure alignment with the IT Governance framework, DOL target architecture, and the OCIO vision. As well as ensuring the IT business mission needs of the agencies are well documented and drive IT strategic planning efforts at DOL, while also assisting in the development of the Information Resources Management Strategic Plan (IRM SP), which defines the vision for the Department's future information technology (IT) environment, as well as updating the IRM SP, per OMB guidance. Assisting in the development of DOL Strategic Plan by documenting OCIO strategic goals and objectives.

Yes, we know that was a mouthful, and there is oh so much more! This is just the tip of the iceberg. If you're interested in learning ALL the rest, and partnering with Teracore, let's chat! We look forward to discussing the details with you. Do you need accommodations to apply? Email your resume and cover letter to IWantToWork@teracore.com . Thank you again for your interest!

At Teracore, we support, depend and thrive on differences for the benefit of our associates and customers. Teracore is an equal opportunity employer. Employment decisions are based solely on a person's merit and professional qualifications directly related to job competence. Teracore does not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, creed, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, sensory, physical or mental disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding), or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws pertaining to nondiscrimination and equal opportunity."	11146	Washington
Education Manager	DC History Center	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$50,000 - $60,000 a year	"About the DC History Center

Established in 1894 and located at the Carnegie Library in Downtown, the DC History Center is a community-supported nonprofit organization, which deepens understanding of our city’s past to connect, empower, and inspire. It collects, interprets, and shares the history of our nation's capital through research and scholarship, adult programs, youth education, and exhibits. We seek to do this work as a welcoming and inclusive community that fosters curiosity and nurtures civic engagement to strengthen the District for all. For more information visit dchistory.org.
Position Summary
This newly created position is responsible for planning, designing, and executing K-12 education programs, reporting to the deputy director. This role works in close collaboration with the research services librarian and the adult programs manager, who also report to the deputy director. The DC History Center is operated by a small full-time staff of 7, who collaborate with the Board of Trustees, students, and volunteers.
This position provides educator and student audiences with high-quality opportunities that deepen understanding of our city’s past, foster curiosity and lifelong learning, and encourage civic participation. The education manager develops and delivers in-person and virtual educational programs that appeal to students, support teachers, and connect with diverse communities in all eight wards.
Primary Responsibilities
Youth Education Programs (65%)

Leverage the DC History Center’s exhibits, archival collections, library, and Washington History journal to create and execute high-quality, engaging, and scalable programs and educational activities online and in-person. Use lessons learned to continue to build out the K-12 programs and set annual strategy for K-12 youth education programs, reflecting DEIA principles.

Support 3rd and 12th grade teachers in developing lesson plans related to neighborhood history and Home Rule and DC Statehood respectively. In addition, align educational programs with Common Core and DC education standards to encourage teachers to incorporate local history in all grades.

Develop long-term relationships with the DC Public School system; public, charter, and private schools; and teachers to support achieving program goals.

Convene, lead, and engage the DC History Center’s Teacher Advisory Group.

Manage all in-person and virtual program logistics (including the online platform used to deliver content for virtual events), and day-of details for youth education programs.

In collaboration with research & scholarship team, manage all communication with K-12 teachers seeking DC History Center resources, including Kiplinger Research Library class visit requests.

Represent DC History Center in educational partnerships including the DC Declaration of Learning professional development program, the DC Arts & Humanities Education Collaborative, National History Day, and teacher learning events held by community partners, such as Teaching for Change.

Assess programmatic outcomes and utilize lessons learned to improve programs.

Shape education budget and support fundraising.

DC History Conference (15%)

Identify achievable and impactful opportunities for K-12 educators and students to participate in the DC History Conference.

Lead effort to communicate with and engage K-12 educators and students as attendees at the DC History Conference.

Attend DC History Conference planning committee meetings and community committee meetings, working with committee members to achieve goals.

Community Outreach (10%)

In support of youth education and the DC History Conference, seek active short-term and long-term partnerships with community-based organizations in all eight Wards.

Collaborate with all DC History Center team members to identify priority partners and strengthen these relationships.

Engage with the DC History Center’s advisory groups, including the Community Council, to seek resources and partnerships that support programmatic goals.

General (10%)

Assist with “all hands” events, such as DC History Center fundraising events.

Occasionally support the program manager and research services librarian with programming if needed.

Attend staff meetings.

Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
The education manager will be an outstanding communicator, a detail-oriented and highly organized professional, and a flexible, collaborative team player. They will demonstrate initiative and a high level of self-direction in ensuring seamless student-and-teacher programming from start to finish. Familiarity with, and enthusiasm for sharing the culture, history, and diversity of our city will be a strong plus.

Bachelor’s degree with experience in either youth education, museums, archives, libraries, or a related humanities field with one or more of the following:

2+ years of experience coordinating educational programs in museums, archives, libraries, or a related humanities field, including experience aligning content to standards and best practices in social studies education

2+ years of experience with K-12 education, including curriculum development and lesson planning using object-based learning; DC schools preferred.

Master’s degree in education, history, museum studies, library science or related field with practical experience in K-12 education

Experience, skills, or aptitude with digital education, virtual engagement platforms, and/or multi-modal and digital storytelling, such as video, photography, audio, and text

Strong interest in public history, with focus on local DC history

Outstanding written communication and verbal communication skills.

Track record of successful project management.

Adept at handling multiple priorities and maintaining high productivity with accuracy and attention to detail.

Availability for some evening and weekend work required.
Compensation & Benefits
Starting salary $50,000 - $60,000 depending on experience. Comprehensive benefits package includes health, dental, and vision; life and disability insurance; and 403(b) plan with employer match. Central downtown location easily accessible from all Metro lines."	11146	Washington
Clinical Project Manager	Dovel Technologies, LLC	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

We are currently searching for a Clinical Project Manager to provide support to the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This opportunity is a full-time position with MSC, and it is on-site in Bethesda, MD.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Create an overall operational plan for the study, including timeline, key milestones, resources needed and budget.
The study is the U.S. Government’s premier effort to develop data on promising therapies for outpatients suffering from COVID19 disease. The study is a complex platform study, capable of testing multiple investigational products simultaneously. It is an adaptive design spanning traditional phase 2 and phase 3 of clinical development. I
Assess the operational feasibility and resource considerations of new entrants to the trial.
Working through established contract resource organizations and with the sponsor and networks:
Create a global site/country strategy Oversee the execution of that strategy including site selection including feasibility, qualifications and pre-study assessments.
Oversee site activation including, the provision of investigational product, non-IP clinical supplies and laboratory materials; the completion of required regulatory documentation and the granting of needed systems access.
Coordinate efforts to recruit participants into the trial including global trial and site-specific recruitment plans, media and outreach programs and vendor programs.
Oversee the execution of the study monitoring and oversight plan. Ensure site productivity and quality issues are actively managed.
Oversee the executions of the data management plan. Ensure that queries are resolved and database closure occurs on time.
Oversee the study close-out plan.
Create and oversee the execution of a study risk management plan. Proactively resolve risks to operational delivery.
Lead team meetings. Support meeting documentation and follow-up action items.
Facilitate reporting of study status to key stakeholders in NIH.

Requirements:
Master’s degree in a related field.
Minimum of ten (10) years of related experience is required in direct clinical trial management.
Experience executing clinical trial strategies and rendering pre-study assessments.
Expertise in leading study-risk initiatives and data management plans in support of clinical portfolios.
Experience reviewing and evaluating reports relating to the performance and safety of trials and adverse events.
Experience conducting site visits for data collection.
Experience working with COVID-19 studies, desired.
#LI-GH1
Company Description:

We are a trusted government partner that blends deep domain expertise with advanced technologies to help our customers solve complex problems that improve, protect, and save lives. As a rapidly growing company, we combine entrepreneurial spirit, customer focus, and an outcomes-based approach to support agency missions in health IT, life sciences, public safety, and grants management.
The Dovel Family of Companies offers employees an opportunity to advance beyond a specific role or contract, we offer a path to develop an enriching career. We believe in empowering a culture of innovation, customer success, and employee growth.
What you’ll get…
Time Off! Flexible schedules and company paid holidays allow you to take the time you need.
Investment in YOU! 401(K) company contributions are yours to keep with no waiting period.
Choices! Unique healthcare plans to choose from with options like fertility and orthodontia benefits.
Discovery! With our tuition assistance and training programs, we support your career advancement.
Tax Savings! Enroll in pre-tax Health or Dependent Care Flexible Spending, HSA with company contributions, parking, and/or transit commuter benefits.
Support! Working parents and busy professionals – we’ve got you covered with a supportive culture, confidential Employee Assistance Program and a membership to Care.com.
Perks! Employee discounts, peer recognition programs, company-wide wellness challenges, and fun community events.
A Voice! A unique culture where you can influence decisions and have your voice heard.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status."	11146	Washington
Valet Attendant	Colonial Parking Inc	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Waterfront area)	None	"Colonial Parking Culture: We Park Cars.Simple words, but they express the core of Colonial’s service mission. Colonial honors and respects that trust, in part, by staffing our parking facilities with well-trained and dedicated employees who go out of their way to make every parking experience a valued one.
There is a reason that Colonial is the Capital City’s leading parking provider throughout the Metropolitan Washington DC area. Simply put;Our relationships with property owners and property managers—our clients—are marked by integrity and accountability.
With more than 280 parking facilities Colonial offers convenient parking for tens of thousands of Washington D.C. residents and visitors every day.
Colonial’s approach to providing great service starts with attracting the best people. We look for candidates that have a proven track record in making customers feel at home and treating their property with respect and care.
What you will do:
Deliver the company’s standards of service with each parker transaction by parking and retrieving customer vehicles safely and timely and assisting customers in and out of their vehicles.
 Verify the necessary supplies at the start of each shift.
 Park and retrieve customers’ vehicles safely and timely.
 Assist customers and their passengers in and out of their vehicles, including helping them with their luggage and/or personal items.
 Control traffic on the drive to ensure a smooth flow at all times while ensuring the drive itself is safe for pedestrians.
 Maintain a need and orderly valet stand and drive at all times, free of debris and trash with clean windows void of unapproved company posters or decorative hangings.
 Complete the necessary end of shift documentation and transfer vehicle keys and supporting tickets to the next shift’s employees.
 Provide the company’s standards of service with each customer including maintaining the required uniform appearance, stating the company greeting, answering questions, resolving issues and thanking each customer upon exit.
 Reporting to work on time.
 Place numbered tickets on windshield of automobile to be valet parked and issue corresponding claim ticket hotel guests and visitors.
 Notify management of any situation that needs attention.
 Maintain accurate records.
 Completing Customer Damage Report with customer and relaying all information regarding claim reports to the Claims Department with assistance from the Shift Manager.
At times you may:
 May be asked by local management to complete small cleaning or maintenance tasks according to the company’s Maintenance Checklists.
 If applicable, may be asked by local management to substitute for cashiers when necessary and only when authorized by the direct supervisor.
 Other duties as assigned by the Project Manager.
What you will gain in return:
A competitive compensation package that includes an annual performance-based incentive plan
401k Plan
Profit sharing
Paid time-off
Employee loan program
Health and Welfare benefits
Free Parking while you work!
What you need to be successful:
 A high school degree is required.
 One year related experience.
 Ability to read and comprehend verbal instructions and written correspondence.
 Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and through written correspondence.
 Ability to provide customer resolution in a professional and friendly manner.
 Have and maintain a valid driver’s license.
 Ability to safely drive a standard or automatic transmission vehicle.
 Ability to maintain a professional and friendly demeanor when working with other employees and the parking customer.
If you are knowledgeable about the following it's a plus
 Background in the service industry is desired, but not required.
 Have thorough knowledge of the major streets, local landmarks and highway entrances in the geographical area around the facility.
Know how you are performing:
This position will receive an annual performance review from the direct supervisor to discuss actual performance as compared to company stated expectations and agreed upon job related performance goals for the upcoming year.
The environment you will work in:
The physical demands of this position and the work environment characteristics described below are representative of those that must be met, with or without reasonable accommodations, by an employee to perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential job functions.
Physical Demands: As part of performing the duties associated with this position, the employee will be required for a period of time to stand, walk, sit, handle tools or controls, reach with hands or arms, talk and hear.
Work Environment: While performing the duties of this position, the employee may be subjected to weather conditions prevalent at the time. The noise level in this work environment can range from minimal to moderate.
Who you will interact with:
This position will have contact with location management, corporate office employees, peers and field employees.
This position will have regular contact with customers, vendors and property management/client contact."	11146	Washington
Global Medical Information Project Manager	AstraZeneca	Gaithersburg, MD 20878	None	"Do you have expertise in, and passion for Medical Affairs in Oncology? Would you like to apply your expertise to impact the Global Medical Information Project Manager role in a company that follows the science and turns ideas into life changing medicines? Then AstraZeneca might be the one for you!
At AstraZeneca, we put patients first and strive to meet their unmet needs worldwide. Working here means being entrepreneurial, thinking big and working together to make the impossible a reality. If you are swift to action, confident to lead, willing to collaborate, and curious about what science can do, then you’re our kind of person.
AstraZeneca’s vision in Oncology is to help patients by redefining the cancer-treatment paradigm, with the aim of bringing six new cancer medicines to patients between 2013 and 2020. A broad pipeline of next-generation medicines is focused principally on four disease areas - breast, ovarian, lung and hematological cancers. As well as other tumor types, these are being targeted through five key platforms - immunotherapy, the genetic drivers of cancer and resistance, DNA damage repair, HER2 and antibody drug conjugates, underpinned by personalized healthcare and biomarker technologies.
Main Duties and Responsibilities
The Oncology Global Medical Information (ONC GMI) Planning Manager is part of the ONC GMI team. The Planning Manager is responsible for strategic program management of key activities and tasks that drive the planning, execution and communication of medical information activities both within the ONC GMI function as well as other integrated functions. The Planning Manager supports the ONC GMI leadership team, may also develop and oversee ONC GMI project plan creation, budget planning and execution. The Planning Manager will be an integral part of the ONC GMI digital innovation work. Alliances may occur throughout the enterprise and may require the ONC GMI Planning Manager to work across therapeutic areas.
Project & Program Management
Communicates and ensures the medical affairs team is informed of upcoming change events impacting the GMI processes. Aids in the development of operational communication plans for key initiatives.
Works across GMI therapeutic areas to share, understands, and creates best practices that support the overall health and efficiency of the teams.
Provides strategic project management support as needed for critical programs and activities as determined by the Head of ONC GMI. Validates, analyzes, and interprets operational dashboard metrics to ONC GMI Leaders and provides specific insight on the meaning of key process and utilization metrics and defines approaches to improve outcomes.
Manages and supports project planning of key ONC GMI digital innovation projects.
Manages the GMI budget process to enable strategic choices and execution.
Planning & Reporting
Supports planning and prioritization of reactive materials for the portfolio, ensuring decisions and actions are appropriately pulled through which includes assisting with the management of the review and approval process of content.
Develop ONC GMI metrics reports for distribution to senior leaders, the ONC GMI team and other stakeholders by utilizing various medical reporting tools.
Assist with coordination of ONC GMI congress activity, including booth staffing schedules, trackers for content, communication and metric reporting.
Coordination of key onboarding activities and training for new team members.
Schedules and manages updates of Standard Responses, Q&As, Slide Decks and other reactive medical materials that are associated with congresses, publications or ad hoc data releases.
Coordinates, manages and facilitates various ONC GMI meetings.
Manages purchase orders and develops reports for budget spend monitoring to ONC GMI leadership
Essential Requirements
Bachelor’s degree
Experience in project planning, budget planning, information services and/or healthcare related fields.
Demonstrated success in medical or commercial Operations that involves a complex team environment.
Works across multiple teams, reporting lines and matrix structures with key partners.
High capabilities in working collaboratively, strategic thinking, problem solving using communication style that are adaptable to the situation and internal stakeholders
Strong oral and written communication skills and customer focus, including organizational awareness and proven stakeholder management
Demonstrated ability to build credibility and relationships with internal and external stakeholders and facilitate leadership discussions
Proficiency in technology platforms, the ability to build and manipulate reports in Excel and PowerPoint and to conduct analytics to support planning and decision-making.
Desirable Requirements
Advanced Degree in a relevant field (e.g., digital marketing, e-business, strategy, healthcare, medical information etc.)
Asset development experience or agency experience
Strong change management experience
Strong negotiation and facilitation skills
Credentialed strategic project management experience
Strong experience with managing digital innovation projects
Prior experience and proficiency with Veeva Vault PromoMats or MedComms tools
Depth of understanding in scientific or commercial pharmaceutical marketplace for respective therapeutic areas a plus
Why AstraZeneca?
At AstraZeneca when we see an opportunity for change, we seize it and make it happen, because any opportunity no matter how small, can be the start of something big. Delivering life-changing medicines is about being entrepreneurial - finding those moments and recognizing their potential. Join us on our journey of building a new kind of organization to reset expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be. This means we’re opening new ways to work, pioneering cutting edge methods and bringing unexpected teams together. Interested? Come and join our journey.
Are you already imagining yourself joining our team? Good, because we can’t wait to hear from you.
Where can I find out more?
Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/
Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/
Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en
#oncology #theplacetOBU"	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	Acuna Consulting Inc	Washington, DC	None	"Company Overview
Acuna Consulting Inc is an Agile Solutions firm that provides coaching, consulting and training in the filed of Agile, DevOps, and Test Automation. We are looking for enthusiastic and analytical minds to join our growing team and help us make business more agile, profitable, and human-centric.
Job Summary
The ideal candidate will be able to perform day-to-day management of delivery order projects, from original concept through final implementation. Utilizes proven skills in those technical areas addressed by the delivery order to analyze new and complex project related problems and create innovative solutions involving financial management, scheduling, technology, methodology, tools, and solution components. Organizes, directs, and coordinates the planning and production of all activities associated with assigned delivery order projects.
Responsibilities and Duties
Defines project scope and objectives including developing detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, status reports, and project and financial tracking and analysis.
Conducts project meetings and ensures quality standards
Provides technical and strategic guidance to project team and reviews project deliverables. In general, work complexity and responsibility will be greater at higher levels.
Qualifications and Skills
Minimum five years of project management experience in technology solutions development, delivery of information systems and business transformation projects.
Ability to obtain Public Trust Clearance if required.
Benefits and Perks
Benefits include health care, paid time off, retirement savings plans, parental leave, tuition reimbursement, and professional development.
4ZRq2VbicV"	11146	Washington
Installation Project Manager - New Construction	Kastle Systems	Falls Church, VA 22042	None	"Overview:

Join the leader in providing smarter solutions for a safer world.
The Project Manager is responsible for planning, scheduling and coordinating activities within the Installation group relating to Projects, Work Orders, and Change Orders to ensure the scope of work is met and delivered on time and within budget and the clients expectations have been met.
The Project Manager interacts directly with the client to ensure Kastle has a full understanding of the client’s needs and expectations, that the client is fully educated on the solution being provided by Kastle, and that any on-site requirements of Kastle are communicated to the client to ensure a successful installation and system activation. Leading to and during the system installation, the Project Manager provides a single point of contact for building and/or tenant representatives and the installation team to ensure timely and accurate sharing of information to support smooth and efficient system installations.
Responsibilities:
Initiates and conducts the contract review and implementation process, and generates follow‑up proposals and contract amendments as warranted
Initiates and conducts security system consultation and other services in response to customer requests
Attends all construction meetings as required for projects.
Must have project management experience with medium and large construction projects
Must be proficient reading and understanding architectural and electrical blueprints.
Knowledge of building and Life Safety codes required. Knowledge of NEC preferred.
Generates project schedules, provides progress reports on project status, and invoicing directions for accounting to ensure progress billing and final billing is performed on a timely basis
Manage project cost against budgets and ensure financial success of projects
Submits all required documents to the appropriate jurisdiction for permit and performs inspections during or after-hours.
Acts as project liaison between Kastle departments (Client Services, Data, Programming, Sales) and clients during implementation, effectively managing, coordinating, and communicating the needs and expectations of all stakeholders, through coordination and attendance at client /department meetings and briefings and/or phone calls and e-mails
Confers with Kastle departments, building and tenant representatives to discuss issues and facilitate solutions to eliminate delays, assesses progress and discusses needed changes
Regularly and consistently solicits feedback and information to identify any potential barriers to timely execution of the project, such as construction delays or changes
Revises project schedules to determine personnel and materials requirements and priorities
Coordinates with Client Services for client training, leads project handoff and building walk-through and resolves any hand-off issues
Maintains complete documentation on the project directory and compiles a complete dossier of the project record for turn-over to Customer Service
Stays up to date and knowledgeable in Kastle services, technology as well as internal processes and procedures
 An understanding of IT Networks and Systems, primarily for use with video camera networking/installation is helpful
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred but not required.
3 or more years’ successful experience managing multiple construction projects simultaneously
Experience working on/at construction sites and scheduling/negotiating with General Contractors and Electrical Contractors
Demonstrated knowledge of the principles and processes for providing project management support
Demonstrated knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for service and evaluation of customer satisfaction
Other Eligibility Requirements:
Must be able to meet and maintain various certifications, licenses and/or registrations, in accordance with applicable state laws and as required by the electronic security regulations in the state (s) worked.
Must be willing to participate in and pass the company’s pre-employment screening process including a background investigation and drug screening.
Work Environment:

The following work environment characteristics are representative of the environment the employee will encounter while performing the duties of his/her job;
the employee is subject to prevailing weather conditions at the time
the noise level in the office environment is usually quiet to moderate, however at work site the noise level can be moderate to loud
the employee may be exposed to moving mechanical parts, tools and vehicles
Company Overview:

Kastle Systems is the leader in managed security, with a track record of introducing innovative technologies to serve over 460M square feet of real estate globally. Clients span the commercial and multifamily real estate, education, and construction industries and the customers they serve. With delivering a world class customer experience driving everything we do, Kastle’s mission is to be our customers’ best service provider and to make their security the most effective, efficient, and convenient it can be. Kastle's integrated security solution, including access control, video, and remote video monitoring, significantly reduces costs and improves the critically important 24x7 performance for building owners, developers and tenants.
Equal Opportunity Statement:

At Kastle, we believe that diversity makes us stronger - at work and in the world. Kastle Systems International, LLC is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or any other basis protected by applicable federal or state laws.
#LI-179450403_CS1"	11146	Washington
Safety Manager	The Donohoe Companies	Washington, DC 20016 (Friendship Heights area)	None	"About the Role:

Complete Building Services is hirnig a Safety Manager to join our team in Washington, DC.
General Summary
The Safety Manager supports the Project Management team by effectively monitoring and executing assigned aspects Health, Safety, Quality, and Environmental facility programs. In this role you will be coordinating with every level within our facility management team as well as facility security, customers, and subcontractors to ensure that we provide all services per contract, up to client expectations, and company standards.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Facilitate the Donohoe the Environmental, Health & Safety Programs and Quality Management System (QMS) on site.
Administer the quality control program: assigning inspections, collecting and analyzing results, advise management and monitor Corrective/Preventive actions.
Conduct QA and QC inspections and audits on Donohoe requirements, contract requirements, and other services performed.
Analyze government QA inspections, assuring proper follow-up and Corrective/Preventive Actions. Keep QA Inspection Records current.
Administer the Training Program, including records maintenance, ensuring all employees receive required initial and ongoing education of Client, CBS, and other regulatory standards, policies and procedures.
You Should Have:
Four (4) of the last seven (7) years’ experience performing a similar role supporting facility management/maintenance
At least 2 years in a leading/managing capacity supporting Health, Safety, Quality Control, or Environmental Programs
Preference given to candidates who have acquired certifications with Safety and Quality Control
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Strong written and oral communication and presentation skills.
Strong interpersonal skills
Why You'll Love Working With Us:

Donohoe Companies is a company that is passionate about the operation and maintenance of buildings/facilities in the commercial and government sectors. Washington DC's oldest real estate company. At Donohoe, we celebrate and empower our talented employees - and it shows as we have been ranked by the Washington Business Journal as the Best Place to Work 2018, 2019, and 2020.
Perks & Benefits
We offer a full slate of benefits, including competitive salaries, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverages, FSA, flexible vacation, commuter benefits, and 401k plan with a match. And...we offer some not so standard, extra great-benefits, including tuition reimbursement for education/certifications, employee discounts programs (including hotels and our vendor's products), gym membership, and an Employee Assistance Program that offer a wide array of consultative/actionable services. We value diversity and believe in forming teams in which everyone can be their authentic self is the key to our success. Come join us, and find out what the best work of your career could look like for you."	11146	Washington
Program Coordinator, Sexual and Reproductive Health	Population Services International	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	None	":

Program Coordinator, Sexual and Reproductive Health
Based in: Washington, DC
Reports to: Senior Program Manager
Department: Sexual and Reproductive Health
Who we are
Population Services International (PSI) is the world’s leading non-profit social marketing organization. We are a diverse group of over 5,000 entrepreneurial development professionals located in over 40 countries committed to making it easier for all people to lead healthier lives and plan the families they desire. PSI is using it’s global presence and 50+ years of experience to help reimagine healthcare. We are working to shape market systems, shift policy and funding, and strengthen global capacity to better support consumer empowered healthcare.
Join us!
PSI’s Sexual and Reproductive Health (SRH) department seeks a Program Coordinator (PC) to support operational excellence and execution of quality and standards by providing wide-ranging administrative and operational support. This position is based in the technical health area team and will liaise with a wide range of individuals and departments across PSI at the country and global level to ensure project and department objectives and PSI compliance requirements are met.
Specifically, the PC will support two, USAID-funded projects:
MOMENTUM Private Healthcare Delivery (MPHD) a five-year $75m global award focused on strengthening private sector delivery of Maternal, Newborn and Child Health/Family Planning/Reproductive Health (MNCH/FP/RH) services and building local capacity for sustained positive health outcomes (60% Level of Effort), and
Research for Scalable Solutions (R4S) which generates and supports utilization of evidence to increase access to voluntary SRH services and improve healthy timing and spacing of pregnancies in low-and middle-income countries in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and the Caribbean (20% Level of Effort).
The PC will also support the wider SRH department including coordination of and information sharing across multiple projects, and through support to SRH Department Leadership (20% Level of Effort).
 :

Your contributions
Provides routine administrative support for daily operations, project management, and general functioning of assigned portfolio. May include coordinating meetings and global conferences, note-taking, booking travel, editing/formatting and design of reports, or ad hoc requests for information.
Supports project compliance and visibility through management and tracking of donor, internal, and external-facing online systems, such as the USAID Development Experience Clearinghouse (DEC) and Federal Subaward Reporting System (FSRS), the MOMENTUM multi-project Hub, and PSI’s award management and deliverables systems.
Provides support for knowledge management activities, including the design of tools and systems for information creation, maintenance, and sharing. This includes of internal filing systems, and administration of online communications site(s). Assists with drafting, editing, and coordinating communications materials.
May provide moderate financial management support, which may include assisting with team budget management, monitoring of labor trackers, preparation and tracking of small budgets, reconciling and re-classing expenses, financial analysis, subaward management, preparing donor invoices, procurement and payment of consultants, vendors, subrecipients and other services, and management and reconciliation of team purchasing card.
May assist with new business development opportunities.
 :

What are we looking for?
Associate's degree (or international equivalent) in a related field required.
Bachelor's Degree (or international equivalent) in a related field preferred.
At least 1 year of related experience required.
Strong English-language written and verbal communication.
Strong computer skills in MS Office applications.
Excellent organizational and administrative skills with special attention to detail and timeliness.
Strong quantitative skills, with emphasis on working with budgets and spreadsheets.
Demonstrated ability to work in a multi-cultural environment.
Demonstrated interest in international health and development issues.
Knowledge of USAID preferred.
French language skills preferred.
Graphic Design or advanced formatting/layout skills preferred.
References will be required.
The successful candidate will be required to pass a background check.
Must be authorized to work in the United States. N.B. PSI will not consider work visa sponsorship for this position [subject to legal eligibility requirements].
The candidate we hire will embody PSI’s corporate values:
Measurement: You use hard evidence to make decisions and guide your work. You set clear goalposts in advance and explain clearly if you need to move them.
Pragmatism: You’ll strive to deliver the best possible result with the resources available. You won’t be paralyzed by a need to make things perfect.
Honesty: You own your mistakes and are open about your shortcomings – it’s the only way you’ll learn and improve. Collaboration: You’ll quickly establish a mental map of whom you can rely on for what, on your team, at headquarters, and in our country offices – if you try to do it all yourself, you won’t succeed.
Trust: You accept limits to your sphere of control and give colleagues the benefit of the doubt.
Commitment: You are in it for the long-haul and want to grow with the organization, just like PSI serves its consumers and partners with host-country governments through thick and thin.
PSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applications from qualified individuals regardless of actual or perceived race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, personal appearance, matriculation, political affiliation, family status or responsibilities, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions or breastfeeding, genetic information, amnesty, veteran, special disabled veteran or uniform service member status or employment status.
ACCESSIBILITY NOTICE: If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process due to a physical or mental disability, please send an email to: newhiresupport@psi.org or call (202)785-0072."	11146	Washington
PFT Team Project Manager	Technica Corporation	Washington, DC 20535 (Penn Quarter area)	None	"Overview:

About Technica:

At Technica Corporation, our goal is to provide exceptional professional services and innovative technology solutions that meet or exceed our customer’s expectations. We specialize in a wide range of advanced information technology solutions from Systems Engineering to Information Assurance, and from Software Development to Product Solutions. From our locations across the DC Metro area, we provide technological subject matter expertise, program management and business process knowledge as a trusted advisor in support of our Department of Defense and other Federal Agency customers.
Responsibilities:
Technica is seeking a highly motivated, self-directed PFT Ream Project Manager to join our growing team. The IT Infrastructure Division’s (ITID) Network Section anticipates an increase of one (1) staff Project Manager Technical IV position on the Secure Internal Wireless (SIWI) Team in support of ongoing wireless project delivery / fulfillment activities.
The candidate will need to possess a strong technical background with either a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or other related fields and 10 years of relevant experience.

Requirements:
To better support this new expansion the requirements for the currently open positions on STOR 130 Task 2 are being redefined to include:
Know and be able to take initiative on executing the full Systems Development Lifecycle (SDLC) as well as the Systems Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process for wireless technology investments
Manager the development of multiple project documentation deliverable products
Be able to Interpret a broad array of FBI and Federal policies and guidelines, pertaining to IT, wireless systems, and security; both physical technical (i.e. pertaining to signals and physical / facilities separation requirements, and technical surveillance counter measures / TSCM) and IT technical (i.e. network protocols and standards, systems access control mechanisms, and intrusion detection).
Write formal documents of record, and present complex technical and policy issues to advise the SIWI Program Manager and Network Section and Network Support Unit leadership. The PFT Lead must have strong writing skills, motivation to write, and experience coordinating and ensuring the quality of official documentation requiring inputs and contributions from many sources.
Represent the end-to-end fulfillment of wireless projects and project plans, from investment registration, thru security accreditation(s), to cut over and transition to operations
Where templates or standard guidance do not exist, be able to research, propose, negotiate and vet with FBI authorities and investment owners, the plans, paths, and formats to go forward
Active Top Secret Clearance required to start (will be required to take CI polygraph)

Desired:
Experience managing project utilizing the SAFe Agile project management methodology
Experience working directly with IT System customers and stakeholders throughout the SDLC.
Be well versed in Wireless technologies while being an effective Project Manager
EEO:

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
It is Technica's policy to affirmatively support Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) for all qualified individuals without regard to color, gender, religion, creed, national origin, age, race, disability, gender identity, genetic information, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. This policy covers all aspects of the employment relationship including recruiting, hiring, compensation, assignment, promotion, transfer, training, working conditions, employment longevity, retirement, employee benefits and termination.
Technica's EEO philosophy promotes equal employment opportunity throughout the organization. Any form of unlawful employee harassment based on the above mentioned characteristics is prohibited. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Vets/Disabled/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation."	11146	Washington
Operations Manager	Blackwatch International Corporation	McLean, VA 22102	None	"Overview:

Blackwatch International Corporation (Blackwatch), a small business founded in 2010, provides world-wide mission critical services to the Defense, Intelligence and Law Enforcement communities. We’re headquartered in McLean, VA with satellite offices located in Carmichael, CA and O’Fallon, Ill.
Blackwatch International Corporation is an agile small business dedicated to supporting Federal Government mission objectives. Based in McLean, VA, with offices in O'Fallon, IL, and Sacramento, CA, Blackwatch invests in innovation and quality for our customers and staff, holding corporate-level ISO 9001:2015, ISO/IEC 27001:2013, and ISO/IEC 20000-1:2018 quality certifications. We are a leading provider of information technology (IT) infrastructure, cybersecurity, and telecommunication services, specializing in large and complex enterprise-level projects. Moving under new experienced executive management in 2018, Blackwatch is dedicated to growth and offers a dynamic working environment with multiple opportunities for advancement.
Position Title: Operations Manager
Position location(s): McLean VA.
Position Type: Full Time
Years of Experience: 3 years
Minimum Security Clearance Requirement: Must be Clearable
Classification: Not Exempt
Blackwatch International is currently seeking an Operations Manager to support the day-to-day operations of the company and provide direct support to executive leadership. The mission of this position is to ensure all day- to- day operations of the company are managed appropriately and efficiently, including invoicing or financial support, HR support, staffing support and planning for corporate events. The goal is a streamlined operations process with proper communication with the leadership team and company employees with minimal oversight. The ideal candidate will also provide business analysis and project support to our executive leadership or Project Managers on various contracts. The candidate must be willing to work independently and meet deadlines.
Responsibilities:

Responsibilities Include:
Guide and direct performance of staffing process to ensure timely delivery of resumes to customers removing any obstacles to superior performance.
Conduct interviews, counsel employees and evaluates employee performance and any other related duties.
Conducts recruitment effort for all exempt, nonexempt and temporary workers; writes and places job postings; works with supervisors to screen and interview candidates; conducts reference checking; extends job offers; conducts new-employee orientations; monitors career-path program and employee relations counseling; conducts exit interviews.
Post staffing positions, format resumes, and move candidates through the process, interviewing and providing offer letters and employment packages.
Track, monitor and report contract billable hours and support contract modifications, as required.
Plan and coordinate meetings, special events, and travel for events, as needed.
Maintain and update company systems for compliance and support (Salesforce, Unanet, iSolved, etc.).
Support the development and modification of policies, procedures, and financial controls to ensure finance and cost control activities are conducted to meet business objectives and regulatory standards.
Develops and administers various human resources plans and procedures.
Manage company trainings and other Human Resources activities, as needed.
Qualifications:

The ideal candidate will have the following:
Associates or Bachelor’s degree
Three (3) or more years of experience in an Operations, sales, or customer focused capacity.
Willing to take on new tasks and responsibilities as they arise via management requests and/or company growth.
Must possess a strong attention to detail.
Strong verbal and written communication and excellent interpersonal skills (phone and in person).
Requires excellent interpersonal skills, coordination experience, and the ability to work well with all levels of management and staff, outside clients and vendors.
Blackwatch International Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action Employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristics protected by law. We are an eVerify participating employer."	11146	Washington
Inventory Management Specialist	U.S. Department of State	Washington, DC 20520 (Foggy Bottom area)	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Overview
Accepting applications
Open & closing dates

06/21/2021 to 06/25/2021

Service

Competitive

Pay scale & grade

GS 12

Salary

$87,198 to $113,362 per year

Appointment type

Permanent

Work schedule

Full-TimeLocation

1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington, DC
1 vacancy
Relocation expenses reimbursed

No

Telework eligible

Yes as determined by agency policyThis job is open to
The public

U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.

Announcement number

HRSC/OBO-2021-0067

Control number

605024400

DutiesDuties
Summary

This position is located in the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations (OBO), Program Development, Coordination, and Support Directorate (PDCS), Office of Design and Engineering (DE), Interior Design Division (ID). The incumbent serves as an Inventory Management Specialist in the Interior Design Division.

Learn more about this agency
Responsibilities
Maintains account records to include routine interventions resulting from changes in usage rate, pricing, additional vendors, and other similar activities.
Oversees the procurement function within the Division, including preparation of all purchase requests via an electronic system.
Analyzes project funds status and coordinates shipping, delivery and installation with project schedules.
Closely tracks and monitors the flow of materials from origin through shipment, consolidation and storage, to final distribution and shipment to overseas posts or general contractor’s central receiving point .
Coordinates warehouse and storage services, working with domestic warehouses and contractor central receiving point.
Coordinates with project interior designer, OBO senior management, contracting officer, furniture vendors, and domestic warehouses.
Travel Required

Occasional travel - Occasional travel may be required.

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

12

Job family (Series)

2010 Inventory Management

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Incumbent will be subject to random drug testing.
One year probationary period, unless excepted by regulation.
U.S. Citizenship is required.
Verification of employment eligibility in the United States is required.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Top Secret security clearance.
Statement of Employment & Financial Interest required prior to appointment.
Qualifications

Applicants must meet all the required qualification requirements, including education and any selective placement factors described below by the closing date of this announcement. If you are qualifying based on education OR if there are mandatory education requirements listed below, you MUST submit a copy of your college transcript with your application.

Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level in the Federal service which provided the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties of the position.

Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:

Experience in written and verbal communication to provide customer service and facilitate dialogue with interior designers, senior management, furniture vendors, overseas customers, contracting specialists, construction contractor, and domestic warehouses.

Experience coordinating systems furniture and freestanding furniture specifications and in providing guidance to interior designers on the submission of procurement packages and monitoring progress to facilitate the logistics and procurement management process.

Experience processing systems furniture and freestanding furniture purchase requests and modifications for a large-scale commercial facility, to include coordination with interior designers, furniture vendors and overseas customers.

There is no substitute of education for specialized experience for the GS-12 position.

Education

See the qualifications section of this vacancy announcement for education requirements, if applicable.

Additional information

For reasonable accommodation at the U.S. Department of State, please contact the Office of Accessibility and Accommodations at (202) 663-3474 or ReasonableAccommodations@state.gov.

EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PROGRAM (E-Verify) – U.S. law requires organizations to employ only individuals who may legally work in the United States - either U.S. citizens, or foreign citizens who have the necessary authorization. This agency utilizes E-Verify to compare information from the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, to data from U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Social Security Administration (SSA) records to confirm employment eligibility. If the employee’s information does not match DHS and/or SSA records, the employee is given an opportunity to resolve the problem. If eligibility cannot be verified, employment will be terminated.How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Your application will be evaluated and rated under the Category Rating and Selection procedures. Based on your responses to the job-specific self-assessment questions, eligible candidates are placed for selection consideration into one of three pre-defined quality categories as described below:

Highly-qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications for the position, candidates must fully demonstrate proficiency in all major aspects of the position.

Well Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications, candidates must demonstrate proficiency in some, but not all of the major aspects of the position.

Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications, applicants must demonstrate a basic level of knowledge, skill and ability of the position.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following knowledge, skills, abilities (KSAs) and other characteristics that are relevant to the duties of this position and must be fully supported by information in your resume:

Ability to manage procurement processes.
Knowledge of essential project management processes.
Ability to manage inventory and supply chain processes.
Ability to communicate effectively orally and in written communications.

Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must highlight your most relevant and significant work experience and education (if applicable) as it relates to this job opportunity. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Your resume should include the dates of all qualifying experience (from month/year to month/year) and the number of hours worked/volunteered per week. For assistance with creating a resume, please click here.

Application of Veterans Preference: The Category Rating Method does not add veterans' preference points or apply the ""rule of three,"" but protects the rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each pre-defined quality category. Preference eligibles who meet minimum qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 percent (i.e., CPS and CP) must be listed in the highest quality category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-09 grade level or higher.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) candidates must be rated ""Well Qualified"" for the position to receive consideration for selection priority. Applicants must meet all the qualification requirements and submit any required supporting documentation by the closing date of this announcement.

Your application package must contain sufficient information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the basic/specialized experience requirements as stated in this job opportunity announcement for each grade level(s) for which you are applying. Applicants found to be among the top qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring official for further consideration and possible interview.

To preview questions please click here.Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance

Top Secret

Drug test required

Yes

Position sensitivity and risk

High Risk (HR)

Trust determination process

Suitability/Fitness, National security

Required DocumentsRequired Documents

All required documents listed below, that are applicable to you, must be submitted to our automated system ""Gateway to State"" by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement.

1. Resume - your resume or any other written format you choose should contain the required information as specified in the “How You Will Be Evaluated” section. Insufficient information will result in an ineligible rating.

2. A completed online job specific self-assessment questionnaire through the Department’s automated system “Gateway to State”.

3. Transcripts - if applicable, see the Qualifications section of the announcement. If selected, an official/sealed college transcript(s) will be required to verify education prior to employment.

4. If you are qualifying based on other criteria listed under the Qualification Section of this announcement, you MUST submit the required supporting documentation (certificates, certifications, etc.) with your application.

5. Veterans Preference - If claiming veteran’s preference, you must indicate the type of veteran's preference you are claiming on your resume. For 5-point veteran’s preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member Copy 4 is preferable) which must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty.

If you are currently on active duty, you must provide a certification on letterhead from your military branch which contains your military service dates, expected date of discharge or release, and the character of service to show that your military service was performed under honorable conditions. The expected date of discharge or release must be no later than 120 days after the certification is submitted for consideration for this vacancy announcement. If the appropriate information is not submitted to confirm your current or expected discharge status, dates of service, etc., you will not receive credit for the claimed active duty military service.

For 10-point veteran's preference, in addition to the DD-214 or certification, you must also submit a current version of the SF-15 (Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference), dated October 2013, and any documentation required by this form to support your claim. Previous editions of the SF-15 will not be accepted. If we cannot verify your 10-point preference status, you will receive 5-point preference if veterans' preference requirements have been met. For further information regarding Veterans, click here.

For Sole Survivorship preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214 (Member Copy 4 is preferable) or another form of official documentation which shows your discharge or release from active duty occurred on or after August 29, 2008 and was based on a sole survivorship discharge. To gain access to your DD214 online, please visit: http://www.archives.gov/veterans/military-service-records/get-service-records.html

6. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation with their application. See links below:

ICTAP Considerations
CTAP Considerations

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

BenefitsBenefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.
Opens in a new window
Learn more about federal benefits.

Review our benefits

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

How to Apply

Prepare your application in USAJOBS

To start your application, click Apply and we’ll walk you through the process where you’ll attach a resume and any required documents.

During the application process you can review, edit, delete, and update your information. We’ll automatically save your progress as you go, so you won’t lose any changes.

Please carefully read all the instructions before you apply. You have until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement to complete the application process.

STEP 1: Select the ""Apply On-line"" button and follow the instructions to register or sign into USAJOBS.

STEP 2: Submit a detailed resume or any other written format you choose documenting your job-related qualifications, experience, and education (if applicable). Cover letter is optional. If you submit a cover letter, you must also submit a resume. Please see the How You Will Be Evaluated section for specific information that should be outlined in your resume.

STEP 3: Answer the job-specific self-assessment questions on-line through the U.S. Department of State’s Gateway to State automated application system. The questions will be used to evaluate your qualifications and experience for this position.

STEP 4: Submit all required documentation applicable to you, as listed in the Required Documents section of this announcement, to the Department’s Gateway to State automated application system prior to the closing date of this announcement. For instructions on how to view the status of your supporting documentation, please click here.

Technical assistance with your on-line application is available through the Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com or by calling (866) 656-6830 or (703) 269-4944 between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. ET

ALTERNATE APPLICATION PROCEDURES

NOTE: If applying online poses an extreme hardship, you may request alternate application procedures to submit your application package by fax. Contact the Human Resources office listed on the announcement between the business hours of 8:15 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. ET at least 2 working days prior to the closing date of this announcement. The application package for alternate application procedures must be submitted and received in the Human Resources office no later than 11:59 p.m. ET on the closing date of this announcement. Paper applications and information sent by mail WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.Agency contact information
Aletha Reddish
Phone

843-952-0035

Fax

000-000-0000

Email

ReddishAJ@state.gov

Address

U.S. Department of State
1999 Dyess Avenue
Charleston Reg. Ctr., E119B
Charleston, South Carolina 29405
United States
Learn more about this agency
Next steps

After all application packages have been received, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. After we review and evaluate all applications, the most highly qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring manager for further consideration for possible interviews in approximately two weeks after the announcement closes. After a tentative job offer, we will conduct a suitability review and/or security background investigation, which generally takes an average of at least two to six months.

You will be notified up to four times during the hiring process:

1. Upon receipt of your application.
2. Upon minimum qualification determinations.
3. After the certificate is issued.
4. After final selection is made.

For instructions on how to view the status of your application, please click here .

Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement.Fair & Transparent
Fair & Transparent

The Federal hiring process is setup to be fair and transparent. Please read the following guidance.

Equal Employment Opportunity Policy

The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) for federal employees & job applicantsReasonable Accommodation Policy

Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process should follow the instructions in the job opportunity announcement. For any part of the remaining hiring process, applicants should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.

A reasonable accommodation is any change to a job, the work environment, or the way things are usually done that enables an individual with a disability to apply for a job, perform job duties or receive equal access to job benefits.

Under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodations when:

An applicant with a disability needs an accommodation to have an equal opportunity to apply for a job.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to perform the essential job duties or to gain access to the workplace.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to receive equal access to benefits, such as details, training, and office-sponsored events.

You can request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the application or hiring process or while on the job. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

Learn more about disability employment and reasonable accommodations or how to contact an agency.Legal and regulatory guidance
Financial suitability
Social security number request
Privacy Act
Signature and false statements
Selective Service
New employee probationary period"	11146	Washington
Co-op Program - Washington, D.C. Region - 2020 - 2021	The Walsh Group	Herndon, VA 20170	None	"Overview:

Walsh is currently seeking Co-ops for our Washington, D.C. Region.
Are you someone who thrives on managing school work and solving problems? Are you excited about working for a family company where, when you push yourself, you will be recognized? For Walsh Co-ops, a good day is getting everything done on their to-do lists or helping to solve a pesky problem. A great day, is when they get to do both.
Walsh Co-ops are easy to follow because they speak with precision, order and efficiency. They get things done because they plan their work and then work their plan. Are you a student that puts the same amount of care into managing relationships as you do into managing your course load? If so, we might have something for you.
As a fourth generation family owned business, Walsh recruits students that will take ownership for ensuring things are handled right. Are you someone who likes to say “yes” to taking on more? Are you someone who gets things started without being asked?
If this sounds like you, then we want to hear from you. If you have what it takes, welcome to the family.
Responsibilities:

The Co-op position will rotate for a minimum of 3 work terms, (4 months in length) in sequence with academic schedules, in multiple divisions across the U.S. Co-ops will learn about multiple career paths in our company, and will be trained to become a full-time employee after college graduation. Some duties and responsibilities include:
Assisting project manager or field supervision staff with project coordination
Estimating cost for change orders
Soliciting bidders and coordinate subcontractor activity
Scheduling of various contracts and materials
Document control
Coordination of subcontractors
Safety management
Participation in team meetings
Writing RFIs, submittals, and assisting in change orders
Qualifications:

 We are seeking students with the following qualifications:
Seeking a degree in construction management, civil engineering or other related field of study
Enrolled in a cooperative education program at the college/ university level
Previous work experience is a plus
Flexibility to relocate per work term is preferred
Strong leadership skills
Excellent oral and written communication
Ability to prioritize work and meet project deadlines
Equal Opportunity Employer, Disability/ Veteran"	11146	Washington
Manager, Federal IT Project Management	KPMG	Washington, DC 20006 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Innovate. Collaborate. Build. Create. Solve. The KPMG Digital Lighthouse is KPMG's award-winning Analytics & AI Center of Excellence recognized by clients and leading analyst firms in the US and globally. The KPMG Lighthouse is a curation of specialized technical capabilities and domain experts working across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software engineering, automation, and big data. Here, you'll be an important part of our high-energy, unique, fast-paced, and innovative culture that delivers with the agility of a tech startup and the backing of a leading global consulting firm. Our technology-agnostic approach enables us to scale up or down and integrate across leading platforms.
KPMG is currently seeking a Manager to join our Federal Advisory practice.
Responsibilities:
Manage and deliver large, complex engagements that identify, design, and implement creative business and technology services for U.S. Federal government clients
Handle engagement risk, project economics, planning and budgeting, account receivables, and definition of deliverable content to help ensure buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels
Develop and maintain relationships with senior management at U.S. Federal government agencies
Develop and maintain project management plans, including related artifacts, to efficiently perform duties and identify risks that could affect project timelines / financial reporting
Evaluate projects from a technical stance, helping to ensure that development methods are correct and practical, and evaluate risks related to requirements management, business process definition, testing processes, internal controls, project communications, training, and organization change management
Manage the day-to-day interactions with client managers
Qualifications:
A minimum of five years of experience of IT project management experience; U.S. Federal government consulting experience preferred
Bachelor's degree in Information Systems or a related discipline from an accredited college/university
Ability to elicit and document functional and technical requirements to support the transformation and effective design of a business process
Knowledgeable in coordinating across multiple organizations, risk and issue management, and managing multiple priorities
Experience providing project management services supporting IT Development to Federal Government agencies
U.S. citizenship required and an active U.S. Federal government Secret security clearance
KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please."	11146	Washington
Analyst, Family Care (Early Stages)	District of Columbia Public Schools	Washington, DC	None	Position OverviewThe Office of Social Emotional Academic Development works with the Chancellor to ensure coherence in the educational experience for our students, families, and schools. Our goal is to initiate change and lead DC Public Schools into the highest performing school district in the nation. We are currently in the process of creating our next strategic plan. After engaging with over 3,000 internal and external stakeholders to help shape the future of DCPS, our draft strategic priorities include:Promote Equity: Define, understand, and promote equity to close achievement gaps and interrupt institutional bias.Empower Our People: Recruit, develop, and retain a talented, caring, and diverse team.Educate the Whole Child: Provide rigorous, joyful and inclusive academic and social emotional experiences for all students.Ensure Excellent Schools: Increase the number of high quality schools across the district by defining blended autonomies for schools and creating opportunities for innovation.Engage Families: Deepen partnerships with families and community.The Office of Elementary Schools is responsible for effective management, operation and achievement of the elementary schools and provides leadership to principals, administrators, and teachers to ensure academic excellence for all students.The Early Stages division works exclusively with children ages 2 years 8 months through 5 years 10 months and is responsible for meeting the District’s obligation under the Individual with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) Part B (619) to develop a comprehensive child find system to identify and locate all preschool-age children in the District who have a disability. The core aspects of this work include: (1) a public awareness campaign, (2) citywide developmental screening initiatives, (3) a referral and intake system, (4) the special education evaluation/eligibility process, (5) the transition process from Part C Early Intervention and (6) interagency partnerships with government and nonprofit agencies, (7) data management to determine which children have been identified and are receiving services. Early Stages manages two centers at offsite locations.The Analyst, Family Care is the primary point of contact through the completion of the center’s evaluation process. FCCs support families and ensure that parents (1) fully comprehend the special education process, including their child’s evaluations, eligibility determination, and site for services; and (2) are provided with the information necessary to make critical decisions throughout the entire Early Stages process. This position is located in the Early Stages Center, which manages the District’s child find campaign as part of the Office of Elementary Schools within the District of Columbia Public Schools. This position is a safety-sensitive position. As a result, throughout employment this position will be subject to the Employee Mandatory Drug and Alcohol Testing Policy.The Analyst, Family Care (Early Stages) will report to the Early Stages Center Manager.Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesThe below statements are intended to describe the general nature and scope of work being performed by this position. This is not a complete listing of all responsibilities, duties, and/or skills required. Other duties may be assigned.Maintains a caseload of families engaged in the special education referral process.Engages and supports families throughout the Early Stages process and documents efforts in appropriate databases.Schedules families for evaluations, meetings, and other appointments, as needed.Monitors timelines and completes due diligence to ensure successful completion of cases prior to designated deadlines and in accordance with DCPS and District policies.Responds in a timely manner to all requests that arise from parents, families, and other key stakeholders.Administers hearing and vision screenings as needed.Gathers essential documentation needed from stakeholders (e.g., the child’s pediatrician, daycare provider, or teacher).Conducts initial family interviews.Ensures the timely and accurate resolution for issues raised by families or stakeholders.Conducts home visits, and visits schools to register children.Travel to other sites within the DC metro area as needed.QualificationsBachelor's degree and one year of experience OR two years of experience (no degree requirement).Bachelor’s degree and one year of experience OR two years of experience in education, community/social services, early childhood development, or case management.Previous exposure to or experience in the education sector a plus.Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook and willingness to learn new technology.Extraordinary attention to detail.Ability to mediate conflict fairly and impartially.Fluency in other languages, a plus.Knowledge of IDEA and Child Find preferred.Knowledge of resources available to families preferred.Mission-driven with strong desire to instill confidence and trust in families.Personal Qualities of Top CandidatesCommitment to Equity:  Passionate about closing the achievement gap and ensuring that every child, regardless of background or circumstance, receives an excellent education.Leadership:  Coaches, mentors, and challenges others to excel despite obstacles and challenging situations.Focus on Data-Driven Results:  Relentlessly pursues the improvement of central office performance and school leadership, instruction, and operations, and is driven by a desire to produce quantifiable student achievement gains.Innovative Problem-Solving:  Approaches work with a sense of possibility and sees challenges as opportunities for creative problem solving; takes initiative to explore issues and find potential innovative solutions.Adaptability:  Excels in constantly changing environments and adapts flexibly in shifting projects or priorities to meet the needs of a dynamic transformation effort; comfortable with ambiguity and non-routine situations.Teamwork:  Increases the effectiveness of surrounding teams through collaboration, constant learning and supporting others; sensitive to diversity in all its forms; respects and is committed to learning from others.Dependability:  Does whatever it takes to consistently deliver with high quality under tight deadlines; successfully manages own projects through strong organization, detailed workplans, and balancing of multiple priorities.Communication and Customer Service Skills:  Communicates clearly and compellingly with diverse stakeholders in both oral and written forms; anticipates and responds to customer needs in a high-quality and courteous manner.Job Type: Full-time	11146	Washington
Clinical Project Manager	Dovel Technologies, LLC	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

We are currently searching for a Clinical Project Manager to provide support to the National Institutes of Health (NIH). This opportunity is a full-time position with MSC, and it is on-site in Bethesda, MD.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Create an overall operational plan for the study, including timeline, key milestones, resources needed and budget.
The study is the U.S. Government’s premier effort to develop data on promising therapies for outpatients suffering from COVID19 disease. The study is a complex platform study, capable of testing multiple investigational products simultaneously. It is an adaptive design spanning traditional phase 2 and phase 3 of clinical development. I
Assess the operational feasibility and resource considerations of new entrants to the trial.
Working through established contract resource organizations and with the sponsor and networks:
Create a global site/country strategy Oversee the execution of that strategy including site selection including feasibility, qualifications and pre-study assessments.
Oversee site activation including, the provision of investigational product, non-IP clinical supplies and laboratory materials; the completion of required regulatory documentation and the granting of needed systems access.
Coordinate efforts to recruit participants into the trial including global trial and site-specific recruitment plans, media and outreach programs and vendor programs.
Oversee the execution of the study monitoring and oversight plan. Ensure site productivity and quality issues are actively managed.
Oversee the executions of the data management plan. Ensure that queries are resolved and database closure occurs on time.
Oversee the study close-out plan.
Create and oversee the execution of a study risk management plan. Proactively resolve risks to operational delivery.
Lead team meetings. Support meeting documentation and follow-up action items.
Facilitate reporting of study status to key stakeholders in NIH.

Requirements:
Master’s degree in a related field.
Minimum of ten (10) years of related experience is required in direct clinical trial management.
Experience executing clinical trial strategies and rendering pre-study assessments.
Expertise in leading study-risk initiatives and data management plans in support of clinical portfolios.
Experience reviewing and evaluating reports relating to the performance and safety of trials and adverse events.
Experience conducting site visits for data collection.
Experience working with COVID-19 studies, desired.
#LI-GH1
Company Description:

We are a trusted government partner that blends deep domain expertise with advanced technologies to help our customers solve complex problems that improve, protect, and save lives. As a rapidly growing company, we combine entrepreneurial spirit, customer focus, and an outcomes-based approach to support agency missions in health IT, life sciences, public safety, and grants management.
The Dovel Family of Companies offers employees an opportunity to advance beyond a specific role or contract, we offer a path to develop an enriching career. We believe in empowering a culture of innovation, customer success, and employee growth.
What you’ll get…
Time Off! Flexible schedules and company paid holidays allow you to take the time you need.
Investment in YOU! 401(K) company contributions are yours to keep with no waiting period.
Choices! Unique healthcare plans to choose from with options like fertility and orthodontia benefits.
Discovery! With our tuition assistance and training programs, we support your career advancement.
Tax Savings! Enroll in pre-tax Health or Dependent Care Flexible Spending, HSA with company contributions, parking, and/or transit commuter benefits.
Support! Working parents and busy professionals – we’ve got you covered with a supportive culture, confidential Employee Assistance Program and a membership to Care.com.
Perks! Employee discounts, peer recognition programs, company-wide wellness challenges, and fun community events.
A Voice! A unique culture where you can influence decisions and have your voice heard.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status."	11146	Washington
Valet Attendant	Colonial Parking Inc	Washington, DC 20024 (Southwest Waterfront area)	None	"Colonial Parking Culture: We Park Cars.Simple words, but they express the core of Colonial’s service mission. Colonial honors and respects that trust, in part, by staffing our parking facilities with well-trained and dedicated employees who go out of their way to make every parking experience a valued one.
There is a reason that Colonial is the Capital City’s leading parking provider throughout the Metropolitan Washington DC area. Simply put;Our relationships with property owners and property managers—our clients—are marked by integrity and accountability.
With more than 280 parking facilities Colonial offers convenient parking for tens of thousands of Washington D.C. residents and visitors every day.
Colonial’s approach to providing great service starts with attracting the best people. We look for candidates that have a proven track record in making customers feel at home and treating their property with respect and care.
What you will do:
Deliver the company’s standards of service with each parker transaction by parking and retrieving customer vehicles safely and timely and assisting customers in and out of their vehicles.
 Verify the necessary supplies at the start of each shift.
 Park and retrieve customers’ vehicles safely and timely.
 Assist customers and their passengers in and out of their vehicles, including helping them with their luggage and/or personal items.
 Control traffic on the drive to ensure a smooth flow at all times while ensuring the drive itself is safe for pedestrians.
 Maintain a need and orderly valet stand and drive at all times, free of debris and trash with clean windows void of unapproved company posters or decorative hangings.
 Complete the necessary end of shift documentation and transfer vehicle keys and supporting tickets to the next shift’s employees.
 Provide the company’s standards of service with each customer including maintaining the required uniform appearance, stating the company greeting, answering questions, resolving issues and thanking each customer upon exit.
 Reporting to work on time.
 Place numbered tickets on windshield of automobile to be valet parked and issue corresponding claim ticket hotel guests and visitors.
 Notify management of any situation that needs attention.
 Maintain accurate records.
 Completing Customer Damage Report with customer and relaying all information regarding claim reports to the Claims Department with assistance from the Shift Manager.
At times you may:
 May be asked by local management to complete small cleaning or maintenance tasks according to the company’s Maintenance Checklists.
 If applicable, may be asked by local management to substitute for cashiers when necessary and only when authorized by the direct supervisor.
 Other duties as assigned by the Project Manager.
What you will gain in return:
A competitive compensation package that includes an annual performance-based incentive plan
401k Plan
Profit sharing
Paid time-off
Employee loan program
Health and Welfare benefits
Free Parking while you work!
What you need to be successful:
 A high school degree is required.
 One year related experience.
 Ability to read and comprehend verbal instructions and written correspondence.
 Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and through written correspondence.
 Ability to provide customer resolution in a professional and friendly manner.
 Have and maintain a valid driver’s license.
 Ability to safely drive a standard or automatic transmission vehicle.
 Ability to maintain a professional and friendly demeanor when working with other employees and the parking customer.
If you are knowledgeable about the following it's a plus
 Background in the service industry is desired, but not required.
 Have thorough knowledge of the major streets, local landmarks and highway entrances in the geographical area around the facility.
Know how you are performing:
This position will receive an annual performance review from the direct supervisor to discuss actual performance as compared to company stated expectations and agreed upon job related performance goals for the upcoming year.
The environment you will work in:
The physical demands of this position and the work environment characteristics described below are representative of those that must be met, with or without reasonable accommodations, by an employee to perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential job functions.
Physical Demands: As part of performing the duties associated with this position, the employee will be required for a period of time to stand, walk, sit, handle tools or controls, reach with hands or arms, talk and hear.
Work Environment: While performing the duties of this position, the employee may be subjected to weather conditions prevalent at the time. The noise level in this work environment can range from minimal to moderate.
Who you will interact with:
This position will have contact with location management, corporate office employees, peers and field employees.
This position will have regular contact with customers, vendors and property management/client contact."	11146	Washington
Global Medical Information Project Manager	AstraZeneca	Gaithersburg, MD 20878	None	"Do you have expertise in, and passion for Medical Affairs in Oncology? Would you like to apply your expertise to impact the Global Medical Information Project Manager role in a company that follows the science and turns ideas into life changing medicines? Then AstraZeneca might be the one for you!
At AstraZeneca, we put patients first and strive to meet their unmet needs worldwide. Working here means being entrepreneurial, thinking big and working together to make the impossible a reality. If you are swift to action, confident to lead, willing to collaborate, and curious about what science can do, then you’re our kind of person.
AstraZeneca’s vision in Oncology is to help patients by redefining the cancer-treatment paradigm, with the aim of bringing six new cancer medicines to patients between 2013 and 2020. A broad pipeline of next-generation medicines is focused principally on four disease areas - breast, ovarian, lung and hematological cancers. As well as other tumor types, these are being targeted through five key platforms - immunotherapy, the genetic drivers of cancer and resistance, DNA damage repair, HER2 and antibody drug conjugates, underpinned by personalized healthcare and biomarker technologies.
Main Duties and Responsibilities
The Oncology Global Medical Information (ONC GMI) Planning Manager is part of the ONC GMI team. The Planning Manager is responsible for strategic program management of key activities and tasks that drive the planning, execution and communication of medical information activities both within the ONC GMI function as well as other integrated functions. The Planning Manager supports the ONC GMI leadership team, may also develop and oversee ONC GMI project plan creation, budget planning and execution. The Planning Manager will be an integral part of the ONC GMI digital innovation work. Alliances may occur throughout the enterprise and may require the ONC GMI Planning Manager to work across therapeutic areas.
Project & Program Management
Communicates and ensures the medical affairs team is informed of upcoming change events impacting the GMI processes. Aids in the development of operational communication plans for key initiatives.
Works across GMI therapeutic areas to share, understands, and creates best practices that support the overall health and efficiency of the teams.
Provides strategic project management support as needed for critical programs and activities as determined by the Head of ONC GMI. Validates, analyzes, and interprets operational dashboard metrics to ONC GMI Leaders and provides specific insight on the meaning of key process and utilization metrics and defines approaches to improve outcomes.
Manages and supports project planning of key ONC GMI digital innovation projects.
Manages the GMI budget process to enable strategic choices and execution.
Planning & Reporting
Supports planning and prioritization of reactive materials for the portfolio, ensuring decisions and actions are appropriately pulled through which includes assisting with the management of the review and approval process of content.
Develop ONC GMI metrics reports for distribution to senior leaders, the ONC GMI team and other stakeholders by utilizing various medical reporting tools.
Assist with coordination of ONC GMI congress activity, including booth staffing schedules, trackers for content, communication and metric reporting.
Coordination of key onboarding activities and training for new team members.
Schedules and manages updates of Standard Responses, Q&As, Slide Decks and other reactive medical materials that are associated with congresses, publications or ad hoc data releases.
Coordinates, manages and facilitates various ONC GMI meetings.
Manages purchase orders and develops reports for budget spend monitoring to ONC GMI leadership
Essential Requirements
Bachelor’s degree
Experience in project planning, budget planning, information services and/or healthcare related fields.
Demonstrated success in medical or commercial Operations that involves a complex team environment.
Works across multiple teams, reporting lines and matrix structures with key partners.
High capabilities in working collaboratively, strategic thinking, problem solving using communication style that are adaptable to the situation and internal stakeholders
Strong oral and written communication skills and customer focus, including organizational awareness and proven stakeholder management
Demonstrated ability to build credibility and relationships with internal and external stakeholders and facilitate leadership discussions
Proficiency in technology platforms, the ability to build and manipulate reports in Excel and PowerPoint and to conduct analytics to support planning and decision-making.
Desirable Requirements
Advanced Degree in a relevant field (e.g., digital marketing, e-business, strategy, healthcare, medical information etc.)
Asset development experience or agency experience
Strong change management experience
Strong negotiation and facilitation skills
Credentialed strategic project management experience
Strong experience with managing digital innovation projects
Prior experience and proficiency with Veeva Vault PromoMats or MedComms tools
Depth of understanding in scientific or commercial pharmaceutical marketplace for respective therapeutic areas a plus
Why AstraZeneca?
At AstraZeneca when we see an opportunity for change, we seize it and make it happen, because any opportunity no matter how small, can be the start of something big. Delivering life-changing medicines is about being entrepreneurial - finding those moments and recognizing their potential. Join us on our journey of building a new kind of organization to reset expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be. This means we’re opening new ways to work, pioneering cutting edge methods and bringing unexpected teams together. Interested? Come and join our journey.
Are you already imagining yourself joining our team? Good, because we can’t wait to hear from you.
Where can I find out more?
Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/
Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/
Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en
#oncology #theplacetOBU"	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	Acuna Consulting Inc	Washington, DC	None	"Company Overview
Acuna Consulting Inc is an Agile Solutions firm that provides coaching, consulting and training in the filed of Agile, DevOps, and Test Automation. We are looking for enthusiastic and analytical minds to join our growing team and help us make business more agile, profitable, and human-centric.
Job Summary
The ideal candidate will be able to perform day-to-day management of delivery order projects, from original concept through final implementation. Utilizes proven skills in those technical areas addressed by the delivery order to analyze new and complex project related problems and create innovative solutions involving financial management, scheduling, technology, methodology, tools, and solution components. Organizes, directs, and coordinates the planning and production of all activities associated with assigned delivery order projects.
Responsibilities and Duties
Defines project scope and objectives including developing detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, status reports, and project and financial tracking and analysis.
Conducts project meetings and ensures quality standards
Provides technical and strategic guidance to project team and reviews project deliverables. In general, work complexity and responsibility will be greater at higher levels.
Qualifications and Skills
Minimum five years of project management experience in technology solutions development, delivery of information systems and business transformation projects.
Ability to obtain Public Trust Clearance if required.
Benefits and Perks
Benefits include health care, paid time off, retirement savings plans, parental leave, tuition reimbursement, and professional development.
4ZRq2VbicV"	11146	Washington
Installation Project Manager - New Construction	Kastle Systems	Falls Church, VA 22042	None	"Overview:

Join the leader in providing smarter solutions for a safer world.
The Project Manager is responsible for planning, scheduling and coordinating activities within the Installation group relating to Projects, Work Orders, and Change Orders to ensure the scope of work is met and delivered on time and within budget and the clients expectations have been met.
The Project Manager interacts directly with the client to ensure Kastle has a full understanding of the client’s needs and expectations, that the client is fully educated on the solution being provided by Kastle, and that any on-site requirements of Kastle are communicated to the client to ensure a successful installation and system activation. Leading to and during the system installation, the Project Manager provides a single point of contact for building and/or tenant representatives and the installation team to ensure timely and accurate sharing of information to support smooth and efficient system installations.
Responsibilities:
Initiates and conducts the contract review and implementation process, and generates follow‑up proposals and contract amendments as warranted
Initiates and conducts security system consultation and other services in response to customer requests
Attends all construction meetings as required for projects.
Must have project management experience with medium and large construction projects
Must be proficient reading and understanding architectural and electrical blueprints.
Knowledge of building and Life Safety codes required. Knowledge of NEC preferred.
Generates project schedules, provides progress reports on project status, and invoicing directions for accounting to ensure progress billing and final billing is performed on a timely basis
Manage project cost against budgets and ensure financial success of projects
Submits all required documents to the appropriate jurisdiction for permit and performs inspections during or after-hours.
Acts as project liaison between Kastle departments (Client Services, Data, Programming, Sales) and clients during implementation, effectively managing, coordinating, and communicating the needs and expectations of all stakeholders, through coordination and attendance at client /department meetings and briefings and/or phone calls and e-mails
Confers with Kastle departments, building and tenant representatives to discuss issues and facilitate solutions to eliminate delays, assesses progress and discusses needed changes
Regularly and consistently solicits feedback and information to identify any potential barriers to timely execution of the project, such as construction delays or changes
Revises project schedules to determine personnel and materials requirements and priorities
Coordinates with Client Services for client training, leads project handoff and building walk-through and resolves any hand-off issues
Maintains complete documentation on the project directory and compiles a complete dossier of the project record for turn-over to Customer Service
Stays up to date and knowledgeable in Kastle services, technology as well as internal processes and procedures
 An understanding of IT Networks and Systems, primarily for use with video camera networking/installation is helpful
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree preferred but not required.
3 or more years’ successful experience managing multiple construction projects simultaneously
Experience working on/at construction sites and scheduling/negotiating with General Contractors and Electrical Contractors
Demonstrated knowledge of the principles and processes for providing project management support
Demonstrated knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for service and evaluation of customer satisfaction
Other Eligibility Requirements:
Must be able to meet and maintain various certifications, licenses and/or registrations, in accordance with applicable state laws and as required by the electronic security regulations in the state (s) worked.
Must be willing to participate in and pass the company’s pre-employment screening process including a background investigation and drug screening.
Work Environment:

The following work environment characteristics are representative of the environment the employee will encounter while performing the duties of his/her job;
the employee is subject to prevailing weather conditions at the time
the noise level in the office environment is usually quiet to moderate, however at work site the noise level can be moderate to loud
the employee may be exposed to moving mechanical parts, tools and vehicles
Company Overview:

Kastle Systems is the leader in managed security, with a track record of introducing innovative technologies to serve over 460M square feet of real estate globally. Clients span the commercial and multifamily real estate, education, and construction industries and the customers they serve. With delivering a world class customer experience driving everything we do, Kastle’s mission is to be our customers’ best service provider and to make their security the most effective, efficient, and convenient it can be. Kastle's integrated security solution, including access control, video, and remote video monitoring, significantly reduces costs and improves the critically important 24x7 performance for building owners, developers and tenants.
Equal Opportunity Statement:

At Kastle, we believe that diversity makes us stronger - at work and in the world. Kastle Systems International, LLC is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or any other basis protected by applicable federal or state laws.
#LI-179450403_CS1"	11146	Washington
Executive Assistant, CG-0301-11/12	US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation	Washington, DC	$83,622 - $154,687 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the FDIC Tech Lab (FDiTech), Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, in Washington, D.C. FDiTech promotes the adoption of innovative and transformative technologies in the financial services sector to improve the efficiency, effectiveness, and stability of U.S. banking operations, services, and products and maintain public confidence in the financial system.

Responsibilities
Provides administrative operations and special project management on behalf of the Chief Innovation Officer, the Deputy Chief Innovation Officer, and other FDITech Staff as needed. The incumbent tracks deliverables, coordinating with personnel internal and external to the division to ensure project milestones are met. Researches, analyzes, coordinates and consolidates FDiTech responses. Monitors and reports out progress on mission critical projects as required by the Chief Innovation Officer.

Partners with employees and supervisors in interpreting and administering policies, procedures and regulations on various topics. Communicates policies to employees and supervisors/managers, via meetings, written communication, and presentations. Provides insight into Chief Innovation Officer's policies and positions to management and staff on sensitive or complex issues.

Prepares agendas, records and transcribes minutes of meetings; assists with budget preparation and the review of funding and tracking historical spending data, arranges travel; processes time and attendance; and creates presentations. Provides calendar management and phone coverage for Chief Innovation Officer.

Performs a variety of program support duties for the Chief Innovation Officer, Deputy Chief Innovation Officer & other FDITech Staff as needed. Implements operating procedures, processes and polices for the management of the FDiTech office, including the ongoing buildout of the new space. Anticipates the needs of the Chief Innovation Officer and provides necessary support and guidance. Performs research on matters of interest to the Chief Innovation Officer as well as a number of assignments of a sensitive or confidential nature.

Prepares a variety of routine documents, reports and other correspondence related to responses to complaints, inquiries, requests, sensitive material, and other reference material. Responsible for proofreading, and editing reports, flowcharts, memoranda, letters, and other correspondence for the Chief Innovation Officer, Deputy Chief Innovation Officer & other FDITech Staff’s as needed, preparing documents for signature. Incumbent receives general instructions on handwritten rough drafts, and is responsible for editing handwritten material and producing accurately prepared final products in a timely and efficient manner necessitated by stringent deadlines. This may involve researching and providing qualitative and quantitative analysis of data to develop the reports.

Conducts a technical review of correspondence and other documents and ensures consistency with the Corporation's procedures on completeness, timeliness, and formatting standards. Reviews outgoing correspondence, recommendations and proposed actions. Reviews material for proper form, content, grammatical correctness and conformity to Corporation policy and procedures. Assures that all materials are considered and approved by proper officials.

Compiles information from numerous sources in order to prepare a variety of regular or ad hoc reports, tables, charts, spreadsheets presentations and summaries for use by the immediate staff of the Chief Innovation Officer, Deputy Chief Innovation Officer & other FDITech Staff as needed.
Travel Required
Occasional travel - Occasional Travel may be required.
Supervisory status
No
Promotion Potential
12
Job family (Series)
0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
Similar jobs
Assistants, Executive
Executive Assistants
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Registration with the Selective Service.

U.S. Citizenship is required.

Employment Conditions.

Completion of Financial Disclosure may be required.

High Risk Position – Background Investigation (BI) required.
Qualifications
Qualifying experience may be obtained in the private or public sector. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic, religious spiritual; community; student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Additional qualifications information can be found here.
To qualify, applicants must have completed at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the CG/GS-09 grade level or above in the Federal service. Specialized experience is defined as:
For CG-11 Level:

To qualify for the CG-11 level applicants must have one year of specialized experience at or above the CG/GS-09 level in the federal service; or possess a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree; or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related; or a combination of education and specialized experience as described below.

Applicants must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the grade 09 level, or higher, in the Federal service. Specialized experience is: experience providing administrative support to officials at various division/office levels, dealing with confidential matters; independently managing his or her schedule, meetings, travel arrangements, events, incoming phone calls; and preparing and editing correspondence, briefings and presentations in addition to providing general administrative support.

For CG-12 Level:

Applicants must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the grade CG/GS-11 level, or higher, in the Federal service. Specialized experience is: defined as experience providing administrative support to a senior level official at the division/office director level or higher, dealing with confidential matters; independently managing his or her schedule, meetings, travel arrangements, and preparing and editing correspondence, briefings and presentations.

Applicants must have met the qualification requirements (including selective placement factors – if any) for this position within 30 calendar days of the closing date of this announcement.

Applicants eligible for ICTAP (Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program) must achieve a score of 85 “well qualified” for this position. For more information, Click Here.
Education
If you are using education to qualify for the grade 11, you must upload transcripts to qualify.

There is no substitution of education for the experience for this position for the grade 12.
Additional information
If selected, you may be required to serve a probationary or trial period as applicable to appointment type.

To read about your rights and responsibilities as an applicant for Federal employment, click here.

How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Your resume and the online assessment questionnaire will be reviewed, to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements outlined in this announcement. Therefore, it is imperative that your resume contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make the qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

Your resume will also be evaluated to measure your responses to the assessment questions. If you rated yourself higher on the questionnaire than what is supported by your resume, your overall qualifications assessment may be adversely affected.

Top ranked candidates will be referred to the selecting official for further review and consideration.

The competencies/knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) you will be assessed on are listed below.

1. Knowledge of the Corporation's policies, programs, and missions, and evaluative techniques, processes, and methods sufficient to research and analyze complex and sensitive inquires and issues to draft responses and reports.

2. Knowledge of a wide range of administrative concepts and practices, as well as general travel regulations and guiding principles to provide support.

3. Ability to research, compile and summarize information to prepare a range of documents for the Chief Innovation Officer, Deputy Chief Innovation Officer & other FDITech Staff as needed, while maintaining confidentiality.

4. Skill in writing, editing, and oral communication to timely, accurately convey information with appropriate tone.

5. Skill in the use of Microsoft Office Suite and Outlook software to create spreadsheets, PowerPoints, written memos, correspondence and automated forms, and ability to assist staff in the use of such software.

You do not need to respond separately to these KSAs. Your answers to the online questionnaire and resume will serve as responses to the KSAs.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
No
Position sensitivity and risk
High Risk (HR)
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
Failure to provide all of the required documentation as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible determination or may affect your consideration status. Please review the following to determine your eligibility and which document(s) is required to complete your application:
EDUCATION DOCUMENTS: If you are using education to meet all or part of the qualification requirements, submit a copy of your college transcript (an unofficial transcript is acceptable). Education must be from accredited institutions. For a listing of accredited educational institutions, click here. An official transcript will be required if you are selected. If you attended more than one university and need to send multiple transcripts, please upload/fax all transcripts as one document.
Foreign Education: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program. For more information, click here.

VETERANS EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY ACT (VEOA) ELIGIBLES AND SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITIES FOR VETERANS: If you are applying for consideration under VEOA and special hiring authorities for veterans, click here. You must submit documentation (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, SF-15, etc.) to demonstrate veterans’ eligibility.

SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITIES FOR PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES: If you are applying for consideration under special appointing authorities for people with disabilities, you will be required to provide proof of disability documentation to specify that you are a person who (1) has a severe physical disability; (2) an intellectual disability; or (3) a psychiatric disability. The documentation does NOT need to detail your specific disability, medical history, or need for accommodation, however; the letter MUST clearly state that you are eligible for appointment under this authority and that your eligibility is based on a severe physical disability; an intellectual disability; or a psychiatric disability. THE DOCUMENTATION MUST HAVE BEEN OBTAINED FROM: (a). Licensed medical professionals; or (b). State or private vocational rehabilitation specialists; or (c). Any Government agency (e.g., VA, etc.) that issues or provides disability benefit. THE DOCUMENTATION MUST INCLUDE: a statement that you are eligible based on one of the following: severe physical disability, an intellectual disability, or a psychiatric disability. To view sample Schedule A proof of disability letters, click here, and for more information on this special appointing authority, click here. Please note that employees hired under this Schedule A hiring authority will be required to complete a Standard Form 256 to identify their disability status.
INTERAGENCY TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (ICTAP): If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee eligible for consideration under the ICTAP, you must submit proof of eligibility. For more information, click here.

CURRENT FEDERAL EMPLOYEES OR REINSTATEMENT ELIGIBLES WITH COMPETITIVE STATUS: A copy of your most recent SF Form 50, Notification of Personnel Action that shows: (1) permanent or career-conditional tenure (codes 1 or 2, in block 24), and (2) position occupied in the competitive service (code 1, in block 34). If reinstatement eligible include your Career/Career conditional SF-50. To be considered as a non-competitive eligible candidate, the SF-50 must show the highest grade level or full performance level applicant has attained competitively on a permanent basis, and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying.

NONCOMPETITIVE CONVERSION ELIGIBLES UNDER A PATHWAYS PROGRAM: If you are applying under this noncompetitive conversion authority, you must provide proof of program completion. A letter from your current agency certifying completion is acceptable documentation.
FDIC EMPLOYEES: Submit a final digitally signed copy of your most recent Annual Performance Appraisal and Evaluation form. The final PDF form is also acceptable. If you want to be considered non-competitively include a copy of your SF-50. The SF-50 must show the highest grade level or full performance level applicant has attained competitively on a permanent basis, and grade must be equivalent or higher than the grade for which applying.

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
In addition to the regular benefits offered by Federal agencies, the FDIC offers additional benefits to its employees. These benefits, some at minimal cost, are some of the best and most competitive in both the private and public sectors.

To find out more, click here.

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
Individuals with disabilities
Federal employees - Competitive service
Current or former competitive service federal employees.
Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
Federal employees who meet the definition of a ""surplus"" or ""displaced"" employee.
Land & base management
Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
Military spouses
Family of overseas employees
Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
Special authorities
Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
Veterans
Clarification from the agency
Applicants with status (i.e., current permanent Federal employees in the competitive service and former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility); those eligible for appointment under special hiring authorities; and veterans eligible for a VEOA appointment."	11146	Washington
Safety Manager	The Donohoe Companies	Washington, DC 20016 (Friendship Heights area)	None	"About the Role:

Complete Building Services is hirnig a Safety Manager to join our team in Washington, DC.
General Summary
The Safety Manager supports the Project Management team by effectively monitoring and executing assigned aspects Health, Safety, Quality, and Environmental facility programs. In this role you will be coordinating with every level within our facility management team as well as facility security, customers, and subcontractors to ensure that we provide all services per contract, up to client expectations, and company standards.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Facilitate the Donohoe the Environmental, Health & Safety Programs and Quality Management System (QMS) on site.
Administer the quality control program: assigning inspections, collecting and analyzing results, advise management and monitor Corrective/Preventive actions.
Conduct QA and QC inspections and audits on Donohoe requirements, contract requirements, and other services performed.
Analyze government QA inspections, assuring proper follow-up and Corrective/Preventive Actions. Keep QA Inspection Records current.
Administer the Training Program, including records maintenance, ensuring all employees receive required initial and ongoing education of Client, CBS, and other regulatory standards, policies and procedures.
You Should Have:
Four (4) of the last seven (7) years’ experience performing a similar role supporting facility management/maintenance
At least 2 years in a leading/managing capacity supporting Health, Safety, Quality Control, or Environmental Programs
Preference given to candidates who have acquired certifications with Safety and Quality Control
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Strong written and oral communication and presentation skills.
Strong interpersonal skills
Why You'll Love Working With Us:

Donohoe Companies is a company that is passionate about the operation and maintenance of buildings/facilities in the commercial and government sectors. Washington DC's oldest real estate company. At Donohoe, we celebrate and empower our talented employees - and it shows as we have been ranked by the Washington Business Journal as the Best Place to Work 2018, 2019, and 2020.
Perks & Benefits
We offer a full slate of benefits, including competitive salaries, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverages, FSA, flexible vacation, commuter benefits, and 401k plan with a match. And...we offer some not so standard, extra great-benefits, including tuition reimbursement for education/certifications, employee discounts programs (including hotels and our vendor's products), gym membership, and an Employee Assistance Program that offer a wide array of consultative/actionable services. We value diversity and believe in forming teams in which everyone can be their authentic self is the key to our success. Come join us, and find out what the best work of your career could look like for you."	11146	Washington
Program Coordinator, Sexual and Reproductive Health	Population Services International	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	None	":

Program Coordinator, Sexual and Reproductive Health
Based in: Washington, DC
Reports to: Senior Program Manager
Department: Sexual and Reproductive Health
Who we are
Population Services International (PSI) is the world’s leading non-profit social marketing organization. We are a diverse group of over 5,000 entrepreneurial development professionals located in over 40 countries committed to making it easier for all people to lead healthier lives and plan the families they desire. PSI is using it’s global presence and 50+ years of experience to help reimagine healthcare. We are working to shape market systems, shift policy and funding, and strengthen global capacity to better support consumer empowered healthcare.
Join us!
PSI’s Sexual and Reproductive Health (SRH) department seeks a Program Coordinator (PC) to support operational excellence and execution of quality and standards by providing wide-ranging administrative and operational support. This position is based in the technical health area team and will liaise with a wide range of individuals and departments across PSI at the country and global level to ensure project and department objectives and PSI compliance requirements are met.
Specifically, the PC will support two, USAID-funded projects:
MOMENTUM Private Healthcare Delivery (MPHD) a five-year $75m global award focused on strengthening private sector delivery of Maternal, Newborn and Child Health/Family Planning/Reproductive Health (MNCH/FP/RH) services and building local capacity for sustained positive health outcomes (60% Level of Effort), and
Research for Scalable Solutions (R4S) which generates and supports utilization of evidence to increase access to voluntary SRH services and improve healthy timing and spacing of pregnancies in low-and middle-income countries in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and the Caribbean (20% Level of Effort).
The PC will also support the wider SRH department including coordination of and information sharing across multiple projects, and through support to SRH Department Leadership (20% Level of Effort).
 :

Your contributions
Provides routine administrative support for daily operations, project management, and general functioning of assigned portfolio. May include coordinating meetings and global conferences, note-taking, booking travel, editing/formatting and design of reports, or ad hoc requests for information.
Supports project compliance and visibility through management and tracking of donor, internal, and external-facing online systems, such as the USAID Development Experience Clearinghouse (DEC) and Federal Subaward Reporting System (FSRS), the MOMENTUM multi-project Hub, and PSI’s award management and deliverables systems.
Provides support for knowledge management activities, including the design of tools and systems for information creation, maintenance, and sharing. This includes of internal filing systems, and administration of online communications site(s). Assists with drafting, editing, and coordinating communications materials.
May provide moderate financial management support, which may include assisting with team budget management, monitoring of labor trackers, preparation and tracking of small budgets, reconciling and re-classing expenses, financial analysis, subaward management, preparing donor invoices, procurement and payment of consultants, vendors, subrecipients and other services, and management and reconciliation of team purchasing card.
May assist with new business development opportunities.
 :

What are we looking for?
Associate's degree (or international equivalent) in a related field required.
Bachelor's Degree (or international equivalent) in a related field preferred.
At least 1 year of related experience required.
Strong English-language written and verbal communication.
Strong computer skills in MS Office applications.
Excellent organizational and administrative skills with special attention to detail and timeliness.
Strong quantitative skills, with emphasis on working with budgets and spreadsheets.
Demonstrated ability to work in a multi-cultural environment.
Demonstrated interest in international health and development issues.
Knowledge of USAID preferred.
French language skills preferred.
Graphic Design or advanced formatting/layout skills preferred.
References will be required.
The successful candidate will be required to pass a background check.
Must be authorized to work in the United States. N.B. PSI will not consider work visa sponsorship for this position [subject to legal eligibility requirements].
The candidate we hire will embody PSI’s corporate values:
Measurement: You use hard evidence to make decisions and guide your work. You set clear goalposts in advance and explain clearly if you need to move them.
Pragmatism: You’ll strive to deliver the best possible result with the resources available. You won’t be paralyzed by a need to make things perfect.
Honesty: You own your mistakes and are open about your shortcomings – it’s the only way you’ll learn and improve. Collaboration: You’ll quickly establish a mental map of whom you can rely on for what, on your team, at headquarters, and in our country offices – if you try to do it all yourself, you won’t succeed.
Trust: You accept limits to your sphere of control and give colleagues the benefit of the doubt.
Commitment: You are in it for the long-haul and want to grow with the organization, just like PSI serves its consumers and partners with host-country governments through thick and thin.
PSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applications from qualified individuals regardless of actual or perceived race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, personal appearance, matriculation, political affiliation, family status or responsibilities, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions or breastfeeding, genetic information, amnesty, veteran, special disabled veteran or uniform service member status or employment status.
ACCESSIBILITY NOTICE: If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process due to a physical or mental disability, please send an email to: newhiresupport@psi.org or call (202)785-0072."	11146	Washington
PFT Team Project Manager	Technica Corporation	Washington, DC 20535 (Penn Quarter area)	None	"Overview:

About Technica:

At Technica Corporation, our goal is to provide exceptional professional services and innovative technology solutions that meet or exceed our customer’s expectations. We specialize in a wide range of advanced information technology solutions from Systems Engineering to Information Assurance, and from Software Development to Product Solutions. From our locations across the DC Metro area, we provide technological subject matter expertise, program management and business process knowledge as a trusted advisor in support of our Department of Defense and other Federal Agency customers.
Responsibilities:
Technica is seeking a highly motivated, self-directed PFT Ream Project Manager to join our growing team. The IT Infrastructure Division’s (ITID) Network Section anticipates an increase of one (1) staff Project Manager Technical IV position on the Secure Internal Wireless (SIWI) Team in support of ongoing wireless project delivery / fulfillment activities.
The candidate will need to possess a strong technical background with either a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or other related fields and 10 years of relevant experience.

Requirements:
To better support this new expansion the requirements for the currently open positions on STOR 130 Task 2 are being redefined to include:
Know and be able to take initiative on executing the full Systems Development Lifecycle (SDLC) as well as the Systems Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process for wireless technology investments
Manager the development of multiple project documentation deliverable products
Be able to Interpret a broad array of FBI and Federal policies and guidelines, pertaining to IT, wireless systems, and security; both physical technical (i.e. pertaining to signals and physical / facilities separation requirements, and technical surveillance counter measures / TSCM) and IT technical (i.e. network protocols and standards, systems access control mechanisms, and intrusion detection).
Write formal documents of record, and present complex technical and policy issues to advise the SIWI Program Manager and Network Section and Network Support Unit leadership. The PFT Lead must have strong writing skills, motivation to write, and experience coordinating and ensuring the quality of official documentation requiring inputs and contributions from many sources.
Represent the end-to-end fulfillment of wireless projects and project plans, from investment registration, thru security accreditation(s), to cut over and transition to operations
Where templates or standard guidance do not exist, be able to research, propose, negotiate and vet with FBI authorities and investment owners, the plans, paths, and formats to go forward
Active Top Secret Clearance required to start (will be required to take CI polygraph)

Desired:
Experience managing project utilizing the SAFe Agile project management methodology
Experience working directly with IT System customers and stakeholders throughout the SDLC.
Be well versed in Wireless technologies while being an effective Project Manager
EEO:

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
It is Technica's policy to affirmatively support Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) for all qualified individuals without regard to color, gender, religion, creed, national origin, age, race, disability, gender identity, genetic information, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. This policy covers all aspects of the employment relationship including recruiting, hiring, compensation, assignment, promotion, transfer, training, working conditions, employment longevity, retirement, employee benefits and termination.
Technica's EEO philosophy promotes equal employment opportunity throughout the organization. Any form of unlawful employee harassment based on the above mentioned characteristics is prohibited. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Vets/Disabled/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation."	11146	Washington
Operations Manager	Blackwatch International Corporation	McLean, VA 22102	None	"Overview:

Blackwatch International Corporation (Blackwatch), a small business founded in 2010, provides world-wide mission critical services to the Defense, Intelligence and Law Enforcement communities. We’re headquartered in McLean, VA with satellite offices located in Carmichael, CA and O’Fallon, Ill.
Blackwatch International Corporation is an agile small business dedicated to supporting Federal Government mission objectives. Based in McLean, VA, with offices in O'Fallon, IL, and Sacramento, CA, Blackwatch invests in innovation and quality for our customers and staff, holding corporate-level ISO 9001:2015, ISO/IEC 27001:2013, and ISO/IEC 20000-1:2018 quality certifications. We are a leading provider of information technology (IT) infrastructure, cybersecurity, and telecommunication services, specializing in large and complex enterprise-level projects. Moving under new experienced executive management in 2018, Blackwatch is dedicated to growth and offers a dynamic working environment with multiple opportunities for advancement.
Position Title: Operations Manager
Position location(s): McLean VA.
Position Type: Full Time
Years of Experience: 3 years
Minimum Security Clearance Requirement: Must be Clearable
Classification: Not Exempt
Blackwatch International is currently seeking an Operations Manager to support the day-to-day operations of the company and provide direct support to executive leadership. The mission of this position is to ensure all day- to- day operations of the company are managed appropriately and efficiently, including invoicing or financial support, HR support, staffing support and planning for corporate events. The goal is a streamlined operations process with proper communication with the leadership team and company employees with minimal oversight. The ideal candidate will also provide business analysis and project support to our executive leadership or Project Managers on various contracts. The candidate must be willing to work independently and meet deadlines.
Responsibilities:

Responsibilities Include:
Guide and direct performance of staffing process to ensure timely delivery of resumes to customers removing any obstacles to superior performance.
Conduct interviews, counsel employees and evaluates employee performance and any other related duties.
Conducts recruitment effort for all exempt, nonexempt and temporary workers; writes and places job postings; works with supervisors to screen and interview candidates; conducts reference checking; extends job offers; conducts new-employee orientations; monitors career-path program and employee relations counseling; conducts exit interviews.
Post staffing positions, format resumes, and move candidates through the process, interviewing and providing offer letters and employment packages.
Track, monitor and report contract billable hours and support contract modifications, as required.
Plan and coordinate meetings, special events, and travel for events, as needed.
Maintain and update company systems for compliance and support (Salesforce, Unanet, iSolved, etc.).
Support the development and modification of policies, procedures, and financial controls to ensure finance and cost control activities are conducted to meet business objectives and regulatory standards.
Develops and administers various human resources plans and procedures.
Manage company trainings and other Human Resources activities, as needed.
Qualifications:

The ideal candidate will have the following:
Associates or Bachelor’s degree
Three (3) or more years of experience in an Operations, sales, or customer focused capacity.
Willing to take on new tasks and responsibilities as they arise via management requests and/or company growth.
Must possess a strong attention to detail.
Strong verbal and written communication and excellent interpersonal skills (phone and in person).
Requires excellent interpersonal skills, coordination experience, and the ability to work well with all levels of management and staff, outside clients and vendors.
Blackwatch International Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action Employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristics protected by law. We are an eVerify participating employer."	11146	Washington
Inventory Management Specialist	U.S. Department of State	Washington, DC 20520 (Foggy Bottom area)	$87,198 - $113,362 a year	"Overview
Accepting applications
Open & closing dates

06/21/2021 to 06/25/2021

Service

Competitive

Pay scale & grade

GS 12

Salary

$87,198 to $113,362 per year

Appointment type

Permanent

Work schedule

Full-TimeLocation

1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington, DC
1 vacancy
Relocation expenses reimbursed

No

Telework eligible

Yes as determined by agency policyThis job is open to
The public

U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.

Announcement number

HRSC/OBO-2021-0067

Control number

605024400

DutiesDuties
Summary

This position is located in the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations (OBO), Program Development, Coordination, and Support Directorate (PDCS), Office of Design and Engineering (DE), Interior Design Division (ID). The incumbent serves as an Inventory Management Specialist in the Interior Design Division.

Learn more about this agency
Responsibilities
Maintains account records to include routine interventions resulting from changes in usage rate, pricing, additional vendors, and other similar activities.
Oversees the procurement function within the Division, including preparation of all purchase requests via an electronic system.
Analyzes project funds status and coordinates shipping, delivery and installation with project schedules.
Closely tracks and monitors the flow of materials from origin through shipment, consolidation and storage, to final distribution and shipment to overseas posts or general contractor’s central receiving point .
Coordinates warehouse and storage services, working with domestic warehouses and contractor central receiving point.
Coordinates with project interior designer, OBO senior management, contracting officer, furniture vendors, and domestic warehouses.
Travel Required

Occasional travel - Occasional travel may be required.

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

12

Job family (Series)

2010 Inventory Management

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
Incumbent will be subject to random drug testing.
One year probationary period, unless excepted by regulation.
U.S. Citizenship is required.
Verification of employment eligibility in the United States is required.
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Top Secret security clearance.
Statement of Employment & Financial Interest required prior to appointment.
Qualifications

Applicants must meet all the required qualification requirements, including education and any selective placement factors described below by the closing date of this announcement. If you are qualifying based on education OR if there are mandatory education requirements listed below, you MUST submit a copy of your college transcript with your application.

Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level in the Federal service which provided the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties of the position.

Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:

Experience in written and verbal communication to provide customer service and facilitate dialogue with interior designers, senior management, furniture vendors, overseas customers, contracting specialists, construction contractor, and domestic warehouses.

Experience coordinating systems furniture and freestanding furniture specifications and in providing guidance to interior designers on the submission of procurement packages and monitoring progress to facilitate the logistics and procurement management process.

Experience processing systems furniture and freestanding furniture purchase requests and modifications for a large-scale commercial facility, to include coordination with interior designers, furniture vendors and overseas customers.

There is no substitute of education for specialized experience for the GS-12 position.

Education

See the qualifications section of this vacancy announcement for education requirements, if applicable.

Additional information

For reasonable accommodation at the U.S. Department of State, please contact the Office of Accessibility and Accommodations at (202) 663-3474 or ReasonableAccommodations@state.gov.

EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PROGRAM (E-Verify) – U.S. law requires organizations to employ only individuals who may legally work in the United States - either U.S. citizens, or foreign citizens who have the necessary authorization. This agency utilizes E-Verify to compare information from the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, to data from U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Social Security Administration (SSA) records to confirm employment eligibility. If the employee’s information does not match DHS and/or SSA records, the employee is given an opportunity to resolve the problem. If eligibility cannot be verified, employment will be terminated.How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Your application will be evaluated and rated under the Category Rating and Selection procedures. Based on your responses to the job-specific self-assessment questions, eligible candidates are placed for selection consideration into one of three pre-defined quality categories as described below:

Highly-qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications for the position, candidates must fully demonstrate proficiency in all major aspects of the position.

Well Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications, candidates must demonstrate proficiency in some, but not all of the major aspects of the position.

Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications, applicants must demonstrate a basic level of knowledge, skill and ability of the position.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following knowledge, skills, abilities (KSAs) and other characteristics that are relevant to the duties of this position and must be fully supported by information in your resume:

Ability to manage procurement processes.
Knowledge of essential project management processes.
Ability to manage inventory and supply chain processes.
Ability to communicate effectively orally and in written communications.

Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must highlight your most relevant and significant work experience and education (if applicable) as it relates to this job opportunity. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Your resume should include the dates of all qualifying experience (from month/year to month/year) and the number of hours worked/volunteered per week. For assistance with creating a resume, please click here.

Application of Veterans Preference: The Category Rating Method does not add veterans' preference points or apply the ""rule of three,"" but protects the rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each pre-defined quality category. Preference eligibles who meet minimum qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 percent (i.e., CPS and CP) must be listed in the highest quality category, except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-09 grade level or higher.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) candidates must be rated ""Well Qualified"" for the position to receive consideration for selection priority. Applicants must meet all the qualification requirements and submit any required supporting documentation by the closing date of this announcement.

Your application package must contain sufficient information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the basic/specialized experience requirements as stated in this job opportunity announcement for each grade level(s) for which you are applying. Applicants found to be among the top qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring official for further consideration and possible interview.

To preview questions please click here.Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance

Top Secret

Drug test required

Yes

Position sensitivity and risk

High Risk (HR)

Trust determination process

Suitability/Fitness, National security

Required DocumentsRequired Documents

All required documents listed below, that are applicable to you, must be submitted to our automated system ""Gateway to State"" by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement.

1. Resume - your resume or any other written format you choose should contain the required information as specified in the “How You Will Be Evaluated” section. Insufficient information will result in an ineligible rating.

2. A completed online job specific self-assessment questionnaire through the Department’s automated system “Gateway to State”.

3. Transcripts - if applicable, see the Qualifications section of the announcement. If selected, an official/sealed college transcript(s) will be required to verify education prior to employment.

4. If you are qualifying based on other criteria listed under the Qualification Section of this announcement, you MUST submit the required supporting documentation (certificates, certifications, etc.) with your application.

5. Veterans Preference - If claiming veteran’s preference, you must indicate the type of veteran's preference you are claiming on your resume. For 5-point veteran’s preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member Copy 4 is preferable) which must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty.

If you are currently on active duty, you must provide a certification on letterhead from your military branch which contains your military service dates, expected date of discharge or release, and the character of service to show that your military service was performed under honorable conditions. The expected date of discharge or release must be no later than 120 days after the certification is submitted for consideration for this vacancy announcement. If the appropriate information is not submitted to confirm your current or expected discharge status, dates of service, etc., you will not receive credit for the claimed active duty military service.

For 10-point veteran's preference, in addition to the DD-214 or certification, you must also submit a current version of the SF-15 (Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference), dated October 2013, and any documentation required by this form to support your claim. Previous editions of the SF-15 will not be accepted. If we cannot verify your 10-point preference status, you will receive 5-point preference if veterans' preference requirements have been met. For further information regarding Veterans, click here.

For Sole Survivorship preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214 (Member Copy 4 is preferable) or another form of official documentation which shows your discharge or release from active duty occurred on or after August 29, 2008 and was based on a sole survivorship discharge. To gain access to your DD214 online, please visit: http://www.archives.gov/veterans/military-service-records/get-service-records.html

6. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation with their application. See links below:

ICTAP Considerations
CTAP Considerations

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

BenefitsBenefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding.
Opens in a new window
Learn more about federal benefits.

Review our benefits

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.

How to Apply

Prepare your application in USAJOBS

To start your application, click Apply and we’ll walk you through the process where you’ll attach a resume and any required documents.

During the application process you can review, edit, delete, and update your information. We’ll automatically save your progress as you go, so you won’t lose any changes.

Please carefully read all the instructions before you apply. You have until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this announcement to complete the application process.

STEP 1: Select the ""Apply On-line"" button and follow the instructions to register or sign into USAJOBS.

STEP 2: Submit a detailed resume or any other written format you choose documenting your job-related qualifications, experience, and education (if applicable). Cover letter is optional. If you submit a cover letter, you must also submit a resume. Please see the How You Will Be Evaluated section for specific information that should be outlined in your resume.

STEP 3: Answer the job-specific self-assessment questions on-line through the U.S. Department of State’s Gateway to State automated application system. The questions will be used to evaluate your qualifications and experience for this position.

STEP 4: Submit all required documentation applicable to you, as listed in the Required Documents section of this announcement, to the Department’s Gateway to State automated application system prior to the closing date of this announcement. For instructions on how to view the status of your supporting documentation, please click here.

Technical assistance with your on-line application is available through the Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com or by calling (866) 656-6830 or (703) 269-4944 between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. ET

ALTERNATE APPLICATION PROCEDURES

NOTE: If applying online poses an extreme hardship, you may request alternate application procedures to submit your application package by fax. Contact the Human Resources office listed on the announcement between the business hours of 8:15 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. ET at least 2 working days prior to the closing date of this announcement. The application package for alternate application procedures must be submitted and received in the Human Resources office no later than 11:59 p.m. ET on the closing date of this announcement. Paper applications and information sent by mail WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.Agency contact information
Aletha Reddish
Phone

843-952-0035

Fax

000-000-0000

Email

ReddishAJ@state.gov

Address

U.S. Department of State
1999 Dyess Avenue
Charleston Reg. Ctr., E119B
Charleston, South Carolina 29405
United States
Learn more about this agency
Next steps

After all application packages have been received, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. After we review and evaluate all applications, the most highly qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring manager for further consideration for possible interviews in approximately two weeks after the announcement closes. After a tentative job offer, we will conduct a suitability review and/or security background investigation, which generally takes an average of at least two to six months.

You will be notified up to four times during the hiring process:

1. Upon receipt of your application.
2. Upon minimum qualification determinations.
3. After the certificate is issued.
4. After final selection is made.

For instructions on how to view the status of your application, please click here .

Multiple positions may be filled from this announcement.Fair & Transparent
Fair & Transparent

The Federal hiring process is setup to be fair and transparent. Please read the following guidance.

Equal Employment Opportunity Policy

The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) for federal employees & job applicantsReasonable Accommodation Policy

Federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities where appropriate. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process should follow the instructions in the job opportunity announcement. For any part of the remaining hiring process, applicants should contact the hiring agency directly. Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.

A reasonable accommodation is any change to a job, the work environment, or the way things are usually done that enables an individual with a disability to apply for a job, perform job duties or receive equal access to job benefits.

Under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, federal agencies must provide reasonable accommodations when:

An applicant with a disability needs an accommodation to have an equal opportunity to apply for a job.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to perform the essential job duties or to gain access to the workplace.
An employee with a disability needs an accommodation to receive equal access to benefits, such as details, training, and office-sponsored events.

You can request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the application or hiring process or while on the job. Requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

Learn more about disability employment and reasonable accommodations or how to contact an agency.Legal and regulatory guidance
Financial suitability
Social security number request
Privacy Act
Signature and false statements
Selective Service
New employee probationary period"	11146	Washington
Co-op Program - Washington, D.C. Region - 2020 - 2021	The Walsh Group	Herndon, VA 20170	None	"Overview:

Walsh is currently seeking Co-ops for our Washington, D.C. Region.
Are you someone who thrives on managing school work and solving problems? Are you excited about working for a family company where, when you push yourself, you will be recognized? For Walsh Co-ops, a good day is getting everything done on their to-do lists or helping to solve a pesky problem. A great day, is when they get to do both.
Walsh Co-ops are easy to follow because they speak with precision, order and efficiency. They get things done because they plan their work and then work their plan. Are you a student that puts the same amount of care into managing relationships as you do into managing your course load? If so, we might have something for you.
As a fourth generation family owned business, Walsh recruits students that will take ownership for ensuring things are handled right. Are you someone who likes to say “yes” to taking on more? Are you someone who gets things started without being asked?
If this sounds like you, then we want to hear from you. If you have what it takes, welcome to the family.
Responsibilities:

The Co-op position will rotate for a minimum of 3 work terms, (4 months in length) in sequence with academic schedules, in multiple divisions across the U.S. Co-ops will learn about multiple career paths in our company, and will be trained to become a full-time employee after college graduation. Some duties and responsibilities include:
Assisting project manager or field supervision staff with project coordination
Estimating cost for change orders
Soliciting bidders and coordinate subcontractor activity
Scheduling of various contracts and materials
Document control
Coordination of subcontractors
Safety management
Participation in team meetings
Writing RFIs, submittals, and assisting in change orders
Qualifications:

 We are seeking students with the following qualifications:
Seeking a degree in construction management, civil engineering or other related field of study
Enrolled in a cooperative education program at the college/ university level
Previous work experience is a plus
Flexibility to relocate per work term is preferred
Strong leadership skills
Excellent oral and written communication
Ability to prioritize work and meet project deadlines
Equal Opportunity Employer, Disability/ Veteran"	11146	Washington
Executive Director	Youth Guidance	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:

OMNI is honored to be retained by Youth Guidance in their search for an Executive Director to be based in Washington DC. This outstanding opportunity is available due to the exciting expansion of the Youth Guidance Becoming a Man (BAM) and The Fellowship Initiative (TFI) programs. We seek a dynamic and passionate leader to spearhead this expansion. As a leader and spokesperson for the program in DC, the Executive Director will facilitate the launch of programming by raising funds, building brand awareness, hiring team members, and guiding a strategic vision to ensure long term sustainability in the region.
Building on a proud history of serving youth growing up in under resourced communities for more than 90 years, Youth Guidance is a leading provider of outcomes-driven programs and capacity-building initiatives, directly serving more than 13,000 youth.
In 2001, the Becoming A Man (BAM) program was launched to help young men navigate difficult circumstances that threaten their future. The BAM program is a school-based counseling and mentoring program that guides young men in 7th – 12th grades to learn, internalize and practice social cognitive skills, make responsible decisions for their future, and become positive members of their school and community.
In 2020, Youth Guidance was selected to deliver JPMorgan Chase’s The Fellowship Initiative (TFI) in Chicago. TFI is an innovative and comprehensive program created by JPMorgan Chase in 2010 to expand opportunities for African American, Latino, and other young men of color. Through hands-on academic, social and emotional and civic leadership support it helps young men of color acquire the skills, knowledge, experience, networks, and other resources they need to succeed academically and professionally.
Starting in Fall 2021, Youth Guidance will begin implementing a new, innovative model that blends and aligns the BAM and TFI programs together partnering with the Washington DC Public School system.
Responsibilities:

Reporting to a highly regarded Program Director based in Chicago and working closely with the DC Advisory council, the Executive Director will:
Recruit, manage and professionally develop the staff, initially consisting of a program supervisor, program manager, and four BAM Counselors.
Collaborate with the program leaders, Youth Guidance National staff and JPMorgan Chase partners to ensure the effective implementation of programming across DCPS sites, including program planning, training, implementation, and evaluation.
Serve as the external spokesperson for Youth Guidance with key partners in local school districts, corporations, nonprofits, philanthropic organizations.
Proactively develop and execute strategies to increase organizational brand awareness and visibility.
Lead all DC-based fundraising activities leveraging detailed fundraising plans to secure gifts across a wide array of revenue streams including individual donors, corporate partners, foundations, and state and federal competitive programs.
Co-lead the development of project plans and partnerships to implement program offerings, including academic, emotional wellness, leadership, and postsecondary preparation curriculum and supports.
Build and maintain strong, positive relationships with existing and prospective investors, deploying robust prospect research, cultivation, solicitation, and stewardship action steps to expand the individual funding base.
Develop the annual budget.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree required. Advanced degree in public/non-profit administration, education, mental health, or relevant field preferred.
8+ years of progressive leadership experience, with a successful track record managing a diversity of strategic relationships to impact organizational growth.
3+ years of progressive staff management experience including prior exposure to recruiting and developing high performing teams during times of growth.
Proven ability to engage and develop local champions focused on resource development.
Proven ability to evaluate and initiate diversity, equity and inclusion frameworks that address the needs of youth.
Knowledge of program evaluation and performance measurement tools.
Experience designing and implementing strategic fundraising plans that incorporate robust individual giving programs; knowledge of DC philanthropic, political, and educational landscapes strongly preferred.
Knowledge of social emotional learning and best practices in college and career readiness programming preferred.
Exceptional written and oral communication skills.
Ability to travel on a quarterly basis to the Youth Guidance National Office in Chicago.
Availability to oversee programming during and after school and on Saturdays.
OMNI and our clients are Equal Opportunity Employers and seek diversity in candidates for employment. EEO Employer W/M/Vet/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity."	11146	Washington
Manager, Federal IT Project Management	KPMG	Washington, DC 20006 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Innovate. Collaborate. Build. Create. Solve. The KPMG Digital Lighthouse is KPMG's award-winning Analytics & AI Center of Excellence recognized by clients and leading analyst firms in the US and globally. The KPMG Lighthouse is a curation of specialized technical capabilities and domain experts working across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software engineering, automation, and big data. Here, you'll be an important part of our high-energy, unique, fast-paced, and innovative culture that delivers with the agility of a tech startup and the backing of a leading global consulting firm. Our technology-agnostic approach enables us to scale up or down and integrate across leading platforms.
KPMG is currently seeking a Manager to join our Federal Advisory practice.
Responsibilities:
Manage and deliver large, complex engagements that identify, design, and implement creative business and technology services for U.S. Federal government clients
Handle engagement risk, project economics, planning and budgeting, account receivables, and definition of deliverable content to help ensure buy-in of proposed solutions from top management levels
Develop and maintain relationships with senior management at U.S. Federal government agencies
Develop and maintain project management plans, including related artifacts, to efficiently perform duties and identify risks that could affect project timelines / financial reporting
Evaluate projects from a technical stance, helping to ensure that development methods are correct and practical, and evaluate risks related to requirements management, business process definition, testing processes, internal controls, project communications, training, and organization change management
Manage the day-to-day interactions with client managers
Qualifications:
A minimum of five years of experience of IT project management experience; U.S. Federal government consulting experience preferred
Bachelor's degree in Information Systems or a related discipline from an accredited college/university
Ability to elicit and document functional and technical requirements to support the transformation and effective design of a business process
Knowledgeable in coordinating across multiple organizations, risk and issue management, and managing multiple priorities
Experience providing project management services supporting IT Development to Federal Government agencies
U.S. citizenship required and an active U.S. Federal government Secret security clearance
KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please."	11146	Washington
Analyst, Family Care (Early Stages)	District of Columbia Public Schools	Washington, DC	None	Position OverviewThe Office of Social Emotional Academic Development works with the Chancellor to ensure coherence in the educational experience for our students, families, and schools. Our goal is to initiate change and lead DC Public Schools into the highest performing school district in the nation. We are currently in the process of creating our next strategic plan. After engaging with over 3,000 internal and external stakeholders to help shape the future of DCPS, our draft strategic priorities include:Promote Equity: Define, understand, and promote equity to close achievement gaps and interrupt institutional bias.Empower Our People: Recruit, develop, and retain a talented, caring, and diverse team.Educate the Whole Child: Provide rigorous, joyful and inclusive academic and social emotional experiences for all students.Ensure Excellent Schools: Increase the number of high quality schools across the district by defining blended autonomies for schools and creating opportunities for innovation.Engage Families: Deepen partnerships with families and community.The Office of Elementary Schools is responsible for effective management, operation and achievement of the elementary schools and provides leadership to principals, administrators, and teachers to ensure academic excellence for all students.The Early Stages division works exclusively with children ages 2 years 8 months through 5 years 10 months and is responsible for meeting the District’s obligation under the Individual with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) Part B (619) to develop a comprehensive child find system to identify and locate all preschool-age children in the District who have a disability. The core aspects of this work include: (1) a public awareness campaign, (2) citywide developmental screening initiatives, (3) a referral and intake system, (4) the special education evaluation/eligibility process, (5) the transition process from Part C Early Intervention and (6) interagency partnerships with government and nonprofit agencies, (7) data management to determine which children have been identified and are receiving services. Early Stages manages two centers at offsite locations.The Analyst, Family Care is the primary point of contact through the completion of the center’s evaluation process. FCCs support families and ensure that parents (1) fully comprehend the special education process, including their child’s evaluations, eligibility determination, and site for services; and (2) are provided with the information necessary to make critical decisions throughout the entire Early Stages process. This position is located in the Early Stages Center, which manages the District’s child find campaign as part of the Office of Elementary Schools within the District of Columbia Public Schools. This position is a safety-sensitive position. As a result, throughout employment this position will be subject to the Employee Mandatory Drug and Alcohol Testing Policy.The Analyst, Family Care (Early Stages) will report to the Early Stages Center Manager.Essential Duties and ResponsibilitiesThe below statements are intended to describe the general nature and scope of work being performed by this position. This is not a complete listing of all responsibilities, duties, and/or skills required. Other duties may be assigned.Maintains a caseload of families engaged in the special education referral process.Engages and supports families throughout the Early Stages process and documents efforts in appropriate databases.Schedules families for evaluations, meetings, and other appointments, as needed.Monitors timelines and completes due diligence to ensure successful completion of cases prior to designated deadlines and in accordance with DCPS and District policies.Responds in a timely manner to all requests that arise from parents, families, and other key stakeholders.Administers hearing and vision screenings as needed.Gathers essential documentation needed from stakeholders (e.g., the child’s pediatrician, daycare provider, or teacher).Conducts initial family interviews.Ensures the timely and accurate resolution for issues raised by families or stakeholders.Conducts home visits, and visits schools to register children.Travel to other sites within the DC metro area as needed.QualificationsBachelor's degree and one year of experience OR two years of experience (no degree requirement).Bachelor’s degree and one year of experience OR two years of experience in education, community/social services, early childhood development, or case management.Previous exposure to or experience in the education sector a plus.Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook and willingness to learn new technology.Extraordinary attention to detail.Ability to mediate conflict fairly and impartially.Fluency in other languages, a plus.Knowledge of IDEA and Child Find preferred.Knowledge of resources available to families preferred.Mission-driven with strong desire to instill confidence and trust in families.Personal Qualities of Top CandidatesCommitment to Equity:  Passionate about closing the achievement gap and ensuring that every child, regardless of background or circumstance, receives an excellent education.Leadership:  Coaches, mentors, and challenges others to excel despite obstacles and challenging situations.Focus on Data-Driven Results:  Relentlessly pursues the improvement of central office performance and school leadership, instruction, and operations, and is driven by a desire to produce quantifiable student achievement gains.Innovative Problem-Solving:  Approaches work with a sense of possibility and sees challenges as opportunities for creative problem solving; takes initiative to explore issues and find potential innovative solutions.Adaptability:  Excels in constantly changing environments and adapts flexibly in shifting projects or priorities to meet the needs of a dynamic transformation effort; comfortable with ambiguity and non-routine situations.Teamwork:  Increases the effectiveness of surrounding teams through collaboration, constant learning and supporting others; sensitive to diversity in all its forms; respects and is committed to learning from others.Dependability:  Does whatever it takes to consistently deliver with high quality under tight deadlines; successfully manages own projects through strong organization, detailed workplans, and balancing of multiple priorities.Communication and Customer Service Skills:  Communicates clearly and compellingly with diverse stakeholders in both oral and written forms; anticipates and responds to customer needs in a high-quality and courteous manner.Job Type: Full-time	11146	Washington
Technical Project Manager	MinTech Agency	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	$130,000 - $145,000 a year	Our client develops business solutions to benefit the entire music industry. If you want to join a team that is creating solutions for over 245,000 recording artists then keep reading.Note: this role is located in Washington, DC with 2 days in the office as needed but you will work from home the remainder of the time.As the Technical Project Manager, you will have strong leadership and team management skills as well as experience in building and maintaining relationships. You will have regular interaction with stakeholders and business sponsors and will be responsible for leading and assisting to drive current and future projects. Within this role, you will be joining a small team and will be a self-starter and team-oriented. You are joining this team at a transformative time and will assist with establishing standards, processes, team structures, and best practices for project management.​You will manage close coordination with other senior leadership, implement, apply, and oversee new project management recommendations, processes, quality of work, and standardsYou will structure and manage integrated, multi-track projects and oversees other PMs, tech lead, and BA delivery on these projectsYou will manage and coordinate multiple project milestones and dependencies related to a group of projects that are executed by other PMs, Tech Leads, or BAsYou will develop relationships with, and ensure the appropriate participation of, key stakeholders and executives.You will be responsible for track planning, risk/issue identification and mitigation, activity tracking, monthly statuses, and reporting, and ensuring the quality of deliverable products.Requirements5 years of project management experienceExperience in leading / high level of participation in strategy-oriented projects from initiationAgile experience required preferably with Jira and confluence2+ years of relationship management experience with primary accountability for stakeholder relationshipsExperienced multiple full project lifecycles from business development to final deliveryExperience managing multiple projects simultaneously (preferably in an integrated program)Demonstrated ability to craft and define a strategic business solution based on broad stakeholder goalsJob Type: Full-timePay: $130,000.00 - $145,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Day shiftAbility to Commute/Relocate:Washington, DC 20001 (Required)Experience:Confluence: 1 year (Required)IT project management: 5 years (Required)Software development: 2 years (Required)Java or Python: 2 years (Required)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Work Location:One location	11146	Washington
Resident Services - Part-Time	Berkshire Residential Investments	Washington, DC	None	"....Tag you're it!!!!!....
Our “IT factor” means we are the best in what we do and are always striving to be even better!
Team “IT FACTOR”
Berkshire is a nationally respected property management team that creates memorable and valuable experiences for all of our stakeholders by attracting fun, engaging talent that is committed to excellence in everything we do! We own and manage our own properties, and we have one asset that sets us apart from the others –Berkshire people.
We offer 3 weeks of vacation, personal development plans, great insurance, a 25% rent discount (and so much more!)... Take a look at what makes us different….
Our vision is to kindle an exceptional experience one relationship, one investment, one neighborhood, at a time.
Here is what your day might look like....
As one of our Resident Services Coordinators your day is all about BEING FLEXIBLE!!! The go to person!! The Residents and the site departments depend on you!! Your day includes supporting the Leasing department (and stepping in when necessary to sell/lease) working with renewals and helping the maintenance team to ensure great service! Paying attention to the details makes you the person the resident’s love to see!
Being that go to person for the residents! You’ve got the answers!!
Be the right-hand person for the leasing team!! Helping to greet prospective clients and possibly showing the property if a helping hand is needed
You might work with the residents and team to promote our lease renewals
Be the voice of the property handling our phone calls.
Processing the service request from resident, to maintenance and the follow up
Be entrepreneurial with suggestions and ideas for improving resident satisfaction and events
We Believe:
Berkshire is committed to providing equal opportunity in all practices, which affect employees and applicants for employment. The company shall ensure that decisions affecting employees are made without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, citizenship, genetic information, or any other protected category under federal, state or local law. Berkshire's Equal Employment Opportunity Policy requires the commitment of every Property Manager and Supervisor. All employees are expected to participate in and actively support these efforts.
This position is part-time.
Education
Preferred
High School or better in Business
Skills
Required
Communication
Customer Service
Preferred
Creativity Innovation
Behaviors
Required
Team Player: Works well as a member of a group
Preferred
Innovative: Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking
Enthusiastic: Shows intense and eager enjoyment and interest
Motivations
Preferred
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization
Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help"	11146	Washington
Program Manager	Tantus Technologies	Washington, DC	None	"Overview: In anticipation of an award, Tantus Technologies, Inc. Tantus Technologies, Inc. (Tantus) - recognized by the Washington Post as a Top Workplace - is seeking a Program Manager to lead and participate in the maintenance, enhancement, and/or migration of public-facing web-based applications and platforms which are considered ""mission-critical"".You will be responsible for managing personnel, subcontractors, deliverable quality, project financials, and customer satisfaction. You will provide strategic guidance and support to the team and establishes the overall vision for execution, and be responsible for developing trusted relationships with key clients, managing stakeholder expectations, as well as overseeing program quality, risk, and profitability.What You'll Do:Project Management, including management of all work within the scope of workIT Management, including technical analysis and planning for the Client's system, development process management, performance monitoring and reporting, and Tier 3 support managementTransition Management, including transition in of the Contractor to assume operations and management of the system and, when needed, transition out to a subsequent contractorApplication Platform Management, including hosting, operations, maintenance, and enhancement of application platform including all equipment and software needed to run the applicationApplication Management, including operations, maintenance, and enhancement of the application and associated formsApplication Modernization, including replacement or addition of major system components/modules both at the application platform level and application levelSystem Security Support, including development of security documentation, analysis and resolution of security POA&Ms, and performing security monitoring and analysisEnd-User Support (optional task), including Tier-0, Tier-1, and Tier-2 as defined in TASK 9: End-User Support Services (Optional TaskMust Haves:7+ years of program and project management experience with federal finance and grants management systems7+ years of technical experience designing, development, maintaining federal grant management systems5+ years of experience managing federal website applications and/or portals that are public-facing and contain either "".gov"" or "".edu"" domainsBachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Finance, or related fieldPMP certificationDemonstrated experience in:Federal financial and grant management system implementations and upgradesCompletion of project development projects from inception to deploymentProviding Strategic guidance and direction for high-profile projects and/or initiativesManagement of complex multi-task programs/projectsKnowledge and understanding of institutional goals, objectives, structure and operationsKnowledge of applicable legislation, standards, policies and procedures within specialty area and the regulatory environment within which they operateKnowledge of cost analysis techniques, financial planning and report preparationSkill in examining and re-engineering operations and procedures, formulating policy, and developing and implementing new strategies and proceduresStrong interpersonal skills and the ability to effectively work with a wide range of individuals and constituencies in a diverse communityDemonstrated ability to successfully direct, coordinate, and strategically integrate multiple developmental, enhancement, and/or modification projects at an institutional levelAbility to gather data, investigate and analyze information while being able to draw conclusions and issue recommendationsAbility to work effectively with representatives of federal governments, including staff of the executive officeJob Type: Full-time"	11146	Washington
Construction Project Superintendent	The Walsh Group	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	None	"Overview:

Walsh is currently seeking a Project Superintendent for the Federal Business Group.
Walsh is a rapidly growing, highly diversified construction company, and we constantly seek builders and business people to join our industry-leading team. Walsh employees are ""built to succeed"" - competitive entrepreneurs with strong character who are energized by working on a team to meet challenges and are willing to take risks after careful planning. There are many compelling reasons why exceptional people should consider a career with our company:
Challenging, complex projects
Creative and innovative problem solving environment
Supportive, communicative managers who reward your success
Opportunities for growth, training, and development
Flexibility to build what you want, where you want
Responsibilities:
Overall management of field operations
Create and manage project schedule
Coordination of subcontracts, drawings, and specifications
Establishing budgets and controlling cost
Identify the causes of cost variances and eliminate negative variances
Identify project risk, and work to mitigate it
Communicate quality standards to each subcontractor and vendor
Conduct systematic quality control inspections
Follows company safety program, laws, and OSHA operating standards
Manages jobsite cleanliness
Prepares daily time cards for personnel under supervision
Prepares daily logs
Qualifications:
Highschool diploma; Civil engineering or construction management preferred
6-8 years of construction management experience
Word and Excel skills
CMiC experience desired
Self-motivated
Strong follow up skills
Establishing relationships
Leadership skills
Communication skills
Decision making skills
Some travel required and may be required to relocate.
Ability to transport under 50 pounds.
The Walsh Group offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance
Generous Vacation Time & Paid US Holidays
Company 401(k) Matching Contributions
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA)
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Commuter Benefits Program
Maternity Leave Policy
Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Term Life and AD&D Insurance
An Equal Opportunity Employer, Disability/Veteran"	11146	Washington
Momentum Project Delivery Manager	Deloitte	Washington, DC	None	"Deloitte's Enterprise Performance professionals are leaders in optimizing operations that span the entire enterprise of an organization, from strategy to implementation and operation. By joining our team, you can help clients achieve impact and value from their investments in both people and technology that support enterprise-wide operations, as well as solutions for specific functions in the organization, from IT to finance and the supply chain.
Work you'll do
Serve as a full-time Momentum Developer for a large, complex Department of Defense financial system. Responsibilities include:Problem solving and analysisDevelopment of new objects to automate or enhance functionalityPreparing technical design specificationsCommunicating with other team members and clients to support user acceptance testingAnalyzing business requirements to determine appropriate technical solutionsResolving defects and performance issues; completing technical reviews, supporting code migration, and create technical documentation as requiredAssisting with creation of work plans, level of effort estimates, and release schedules
The team
Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
The Finance & Enterprise Performance (F&EP) teams advise, implement, and deliver as-a-service solutions to help clients develop strategies and capabilities that support enterprise-wide decision-making, develop operating models to optimize organizational performance, improve finance operations and create impact within their organizations.
Qualifications
Qualifications

Bachelor's degree required
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
Government financial consulting experience
Momentum implementation experience
Active DoD Secret Clearance (or higher) security clearance required

Preferred:

Experience in assessing federal financial business processes, developing Momentum based system options, and/or implementation in all aspects of programming, planning, budgeting, execution or accounting.
Demonstrated experience conducting analyses in Momentum Financials that may involve complex technical parameters, acquisition and technical requirements, procurement and business principles, and similar cost-influencing factors
Demonstrated experience Momentum software development activities that may include requirements gathering via process assessment, development and maintenance of configuration management, system testing supporting Momentum-based financial system upgrade and enhancements
Experience performing configuration and development activities to support one or more of the following Momentum modules: General Ledger, Budget Execution, Purchasing, Credit Card, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Automated Disbursements, External Reports, Planning, Workflow, Reports Portal, etc.
Experience with BI Publisher reporting
Comptia Security+ certification
How you'll grow
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career."	11146	Washington
Assistant, Corporate Relations	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity.

We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community.

Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Assistant will work with the Assistant Manager(s) and Director of Corporate Relations to plan, develop, and implement the solicitation of corporate support for the Kennedy Center, Washington National Opera (WNO), and/or National Symphony Orchestra (NSO).

The Assistant will draft correspondence and sponsorship materials; conduct corporate research; and maintain a large donor database. The Assistant will help provide donor stewardship for all corporate donors falling under their portfolio, ensuring fulfillment of donor benefits by liaising with contributors via phone and email; and maintaining donor contact information.

The Assistant must be able to exercise discretion in order to prioritize assignments and work under significant pressure, as many projects are time sensitive, involving concurrent deadlines and donor interaction. An eagerness to communicate and problem solve with a positive attitude is essential.

Salary: $41,600

Duties and Responsibilities

25% Assist team in maintaining Tessitura database to track solicitations, donor information, deadlines, and benefits usage. Utilize other KC systems to support team wide project management.

20% Provide proactive customer service to current corporate donors within your team’s portfolio. This includes: (a) tracking benefits; (b) interacting via phone and email with new and current donors to ensure that they are aware of the benefits available to them; (c) liaising with production and ticketing staff to manage donor needs; (d) managing signage and recognition approval process between donor and the Kennedy Center’s Marketing and Press Departments; and (e) liaising with marketing department on proper use for corporate logos and other types of recognition.

20% Utilize department tools to support team in efforts to identify, cultivate, and solicit current and prospective donors/sponsors at all levels.

20% Process gifts to KC, WNO, and NSO: write/generate acknowledgement letters, tax receipts and membership cards, assemble copies for files. Aid in creating and reviewing corporate contracts.

15% Utilize department research tools to create research briefings for Kennedy Center senior staff and Board members.

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

Bachelor's degree is preferred. Minimum one year of development or related experience preferred.
Working knowledge of the performing arts is preferred.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Superior organizational, written, and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Careful attention to detail and awareness of standard accounting procedures.
Ability and confidence to work without close supervision, to foresee development needs, and to proactively generate work for this position.
Ability to multitask.
A professional and cordial demeanor, tact, and diplomacy are imperative.
Creativity and excellent communication skills are critical to identifying funding sources, matching their interests to projects, and communicating persuasively, both in person and in writing, the need for funding.
Ability to deftly manage many relationships and personality types; both internally among staff members, and externally among constituents.
Experience with Tessitura is ideal.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Large, vibrant, fast-paced office that values initiative, efficiency, diversity, and teamwork. Office culture encourages professional growth through internal promotion whenever possible. Occasional evening and weekend work required. The noise level in the work environment is moderate. No travel required.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11146	Washington
IT Support Manager	Okta	Washington, DC	None	"Come join our growing team to deliver amazing technology support experiences that fuel the vision of Dynamic Work for our employees. Technology experience is the guiding force of our work and our Workplace Technologies Support Team helps ensure we are providing world class on site technology support for our employees and our spaces. In this role, you will be responsible for leading and managing our onsite support team across the globe, with a focus on speedy issue resolution for employee IT issues, proactive improvements, and a strong customer first mindset. You will lead a globally distributed onsite support team that provides IT ""concierge desk"" support for our employees as well as maintaining in-office technologies such as Zoom rooms, printers, digital signage, among others. You will also share knowledge with our employees, helping them to use technology to power their productivity as we continue on our Dynamic Work journey. You will be a strong advocate for our employees, learning and understanding their technology challenges and championing change with our technology solutions that makes it easier to get our best work done. You will drive and lead the vision for onsite support across all our campuses. Our team is helping to transform the future of work, which isn't easy but is tremendously fun and rewarding. We work on challenging problems, are data driven, and always focus on the employee experience.

We are looking for a passionate people leader who loves motivating, inspiring, and developing their team. This person should have a strong track record of bringing out the best in people and teams that they have managed, creating a positive environment where employees are engaged, excited, and invested in the big picture goals that we are working towards. This Workplace Technologies Support Manager will provide frictionless support, share best practices, and be a trusted advocate for our internal customers. A successful Workplace Technology Support Manager must have a proven understanding of internet and SaaS applications (browsers, Slack, Google Workspace, Office, Okta), hardware (Apple/Windows), mobile phones and devices, networks and operating systems. Okta's video and teleconferencing are powered by Zoom and Zoom Phone. Our conference rooms are an important part of the workplace experience - quick issue resolution and regular proactive maintenance are key to keeping the organization running. You have experience establishing support SLAs and success metrics and measuring performance against those targets, communicating results in an engaging and transparent manner. This manager is not afraid to roll up their sleeves and assist the teams as needed.

In this role, you will lead the Workplace Technologies Onsite Support Team and continue our focus on technology and in office support experience, people development, and scaling our team in this period of hyper growth. In addition to a strong AV and IT support background, ideally you will have experience with other workplace technologies found within a modern tech focused office space.

Job Duties & Responsibilities:
Lead the Workplace Technologies Onsite Support Team that focuses on an amazing employee support experience and operational excellence.
Lead our onsite support team across the globe and drive customer and operational excellence
Focus on people development, including goals, development plans, and mentorship. Ensure that the team has a clear understanding of their career paths and measurements of success.
Lead and drive the conference room sweeps strategy to ensure all our conference room technology is up and running, 99% uptime.
Build strong relationships and actively communicate with stakeholders and our vendor partners
Responsible for supporting the workplace technology solutions as well as AV Events in our global offices
Lead the Onsite Concierge Experience and Deskside Services to ensure speedy solutions for our internal customers and create raving fans of our service.
Streamlining the support experience and driving improvements in the employee support technology stack
Partner with the WT Engineering Team, Global Workplace Services, and other internal stakeholders to translate opportunities and challenges into innovative technology solutions for our Workplace
Partner with other technology teams within BT to ensure we are providing best in class technology support for our employees.
Champion the employee support experience and create requirements that feed in to technology support enhancements for ServiceNow and other support related technologies
Interview and hire top talent as we scale the team to meet growing needs
Manage vendor relationships and ensure they're providing the best service to our internal customers.
Focus on monitoring and proactive alerting so that our support team finds and resolves issues before they impact our employees.
Strong data driven mindset and help drive the team forward with standardized SLAs and success metrics

Minimum REQUIRED Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities :
4+ years of people management experience with technical teams focusing on employee & technology support
Experience leading support for workplace technology and video conferencing solutions
4+ years of experience leading employee IT support teams, including both onsite support and remote support
4+ years of experience in technical roles that require strong communication, partnership, and relationship building with business partners
Strong understanding of people development practices, setting and measuring goals with team members, identifying stretch opportunities, and motivating team members to do their best work
Demonstrated experience successfully managing support projects - aligning on schedule and resources and successfully delivering on agreed scope
Track record of strong verbal and written communication skills and the ability to tell a story with data
Strong focus on customer/technology experience - we love our internal customers and hope you will too!
Solid financial/budget management experience - tracking spend to a defined budget, managing PO/invoices, and vendor management
Strong people leadership experience with a focus on team development, scaling, and having fun!
Based in Washington DC, with the ability to travel between our offices. This role will be fully onsite.
Ability and willingness to travel domestically and internationally in the future as needed ~25% of time

Qualifications:
Okta's Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our company's actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. It's our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:

Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.
Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ): Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.
Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organization's goals.
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
Strategic Mindset: Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.

Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Okta is rethinking the traditional work environment, providing our employees with the flexibility to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, no matter where they are located. We enable a flexible approach to work, meaning for roles where it makes sense, you can work from the office, or from home, regardless of where you live. Okta invests in the best technologies and provides flexible benefits and collaborative work environments/experiences, empowering employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Find your place at Okta https://www.okta.com/company/careers/ .

By submitting an application, you agree to the retention of your personal data for consideration for a future position at Okta. More details about Okta's privacy practices can be found at: https://www.okta.com/privacy-policy ."	11146	Washington
Assistant, Foundation & Government Giving	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity.

We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community.

Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Assistant, Foundation & Government Giving will work with a passionate, high-performing team to support the solicitation of foundation and government grants for the Kennedy Center and Washington National Opera (WNO).

The Assistant will draft select proposals and reports, generate donor correspondence, research funding prospects, compile detailed program information and metrics, utilize departmental systems to process gifts, track giving levels, renewal schedules, and solicitations and ensure proper donor recognition.

The Assistant must be able to exercise discretion in order to collaboratively prioritize assignments and work expediently under significant pressure, as many projects are time sensitive involving concurrent deadlines and donor interaction. A proactive working style and an eagerness to communicate and problem-solve with a positive attitude is essential.

Salary: $41,600

Duties and Responsibilities

25% Draft acknowledgement letters, emails, and other correspondence to support communications to foundation and government leadership.

20% Draft select fundraising proposals and reports. This includes the preparation and submission of all financial information and budgets; liaising with Kennedy Center and WNO finance departments on budget approvals; follow-up with the funder; and responding to inquiries regarding project progress.

15% Utilize and maintain the Tessitura database and other KC systems to track donor relationship data and organize projects as appropriate.

15% Process gifts, tax receipts, membership cards, and maintain donor files.

15% Provide proactive customer service to current foundation and government funder/s to the Kennedy Center and WNO. This includes: (a) interacting via phone and email with donors and foundation staff to ensure that they are taking advantage of any benefits available to them; (b) managing donor ticketing needs; and (c) managing the recognition approval process between donor and the Kennedy Center.

10% Support Assistant Managers in prospect management. Maintain Tessitura data for prospect pipeline management, organize research on funding prospects; create research briefs for senior staff and Board members.

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

Bachelor's degree is required. In lieu of a degree, applicable experience will be considered.
1 year development or related experience is highly preferred, as is working knowledge of the performing arts.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

The candidate must have the ability and confidence to work without close supervision, to foresee development needs, and to generate work for this position and for others supportive of this position including an intern.
This position requires superior organizational and interpersonal skills and written and verbal communications.
Fundraising efforts are conducted for multiple programs and events simultaneously, and the incumbent must be able to prioritize and manage many varied and time-sensitive tasks.
Creativity is critical to identifying funding sources and matching their interests to projects, and to communicating persuasively, both in person and in writing, the need for funding.
A professional and cordial demeanor, tact, and diplomacy are imperative as the candidate is regularly in contact with people at all levels of society and business including Kennedy Center leadership, high level volunteers, major donors and prospects, and other Center personnel.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Large, vibrant, fast-paced office that values initiative, efficiency, diversity, and teamwork. Office culture encourages professional growth through internal promotion whenever possible. Occasional evening and weekend work required. The noise level in the work environment is moderate. No travel required.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11146	Washington
Jr. IT Project Manager	IQVIA	Columbia, MD	None	"Q2 Solutions is a leading clinical trial laboratory services organization with end-to-end laboratory services and secure, enterprise-wide biospecimen and consent management solutions. With a relentless focus on quality and innovation, Q2 Solutions uses its global experience and scientific expertise to transform science and data into actionable medical insights that help customers improve human health. A joint venture of IQVIA (formerly QuintilesIMS) and Quest Diagnostics, Q2 Solutions combines the best of each parent organization’s clinical trials laboratory services capabilities to fulfill its mission of treating each sample as if a life depends on it.
Job Overview
Manage the operational aspects of projects and programs. Will ensure that all project work is completed in accordance with SOPs, policies and practices.
ResponsibilitiesCreate, track and report on project timelinesProduce and distribute status, tracking and financial reports for internal and external team members and senior management.Responsibility for financial reporting on the project including tracking deliverables and invoicingMay participate in proposal development and sales/proposal presentations.Monitor and coordinate efforts of cross-functional project teams and project resources within and outside the organization.Meet with team members on a regular basis regarding project tasks to ensure project milestones are met.Lead problem solving and resolution efforts.Manage project budgets and approval of invoices.Produce and distribute reports and presentation materials.Provide input into project proposals and RFPsTrain and mentor junior Project Manager staff.Partner with other Project Managers to develop and implement process improvementsPrepare and present project information at internal and external meetings.Ensure that work is conducted in compliance with standard processes, policies and procedures and meets project timeline metrics.
Minimum required education and experienceBachelor's Degree5 years of related experienceEquivalent combination of education, training and experience
Required knowledge, skills and abilitiesStrong communication and interpersonal skillsGood problem solving skillsDemonstrated ability to deliver results to the appropriate quality and timeline metricsGood teamwork skillsExcellent customer service skillsGood judgmentAbility to work with minimal directionStrong software and computer skills, including MS Office applicationsAbility to establish and maintain effective working relationships with coworkers, managers and clients
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by applicable law.
IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation."	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	The Food and Drug Administration	Beltsville, MD	None	"Position Description:
Responsibilities
Collaborates with IT project managers (PMs) and/or serves as an IT project manager (PM) and contracting officer representative (COR) for various CTP IT initiatives.
Provides government oversight to contractors for IT projects, monitoring and reporting on contractor performance.
Plans and executes all facets of project management to include day-to-day management and oversight of multiple, concurrent IT projects.
Evaluates and recommends the adoption of new or enhanced approaches to delivering IT products and/or services.
Travel Required
Occasional travel- You may be expected to travel for this position.
Qualifications:

The position of IT Project Manager falls under the 2210 occupational series. To qualify for this position at grade GS-12, you must meet the following:

GS-5 through GS-15 (or equivalent): For all positions individuals must have IT-related experience demonstrating each of the four competencies listed below. The employing agency is responsible for identifying the specific level of proficiency required for each competency at each grade level based on the requirements of the position being filled:

Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.
Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.
Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately.
Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations.
Minimum Qualifications
Specialized Experience. Specialized experience is experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

GS-12: You must possess 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 in the Federal service that includes experience applying risk management of systems, managing multiple IT projects with competing deadlines, and integrating requirements into a IT project management plan.

To Apply:
For more information and to apply for the available position, please visit this website."	11146	Washington
Quality Manager	M. A. Mortenson Company	Tysons Corner, VA	None	"Overview
Company Overview:
Mortenson’s success is not a matter of luck; it’s a result of our ingenuity, expertise, and exceptional people coupled with our unparalleled focus on customer service.
Our foundation and culture are based upon our values of trust, safety, teamwork, responsibility, service and stewardship. We are inspired by a compelling purpose to build structures and facilities for the advancement of modern society and a mission to create an extraordinary customer experience. Mortenson has built a reputation for being a leader in our industry and in the communities in which we live and work.
It all starts with our extraordinary people and collaborative teams. Mortenson has been voted a ""best place to work"" over 40 times since 2002…
…What are you waiting for?
The Big Picture:
Do you have the aptitude to anticipate problems, critical issues and opportunities as they arise? Are you capable of problem solving and generating creative solutions?
Mortenson is currently seeking an experienced Quality Manager to lead, document, monitor, and analyze the quality system for projects. Also, ensure necessary corrective and preventative actions are taken. Strong communication skills are necessary as you will interact with a staff at all levels in an ever-changing environment. Your ability to remain flexible, inventive, dedicated, and efficient with a high level of integrity and confidentiality is vital to your success in this role.
Responsibilities
What will you be doing?
Incorporate and lead the quality system on medium to large sized projects
Lead planning, development, and implementation of the Quality Management Plan and system for all work divisions from notice to proceed through final customer acceptance
Establish and lead quality control initiatives, activities (Three-Phase Inspection Process), and corrective actions
Review project plans for quality requirements prior to Issue for Construction drawings
Lead Quality Events and corrective actions
Manage Non-Conformance Notices and the Request for Information process through corrective actions
Resolve issues with and without mentorship from the Project Manager or Superintendent
Oversee and coordinate third party peer design and third party testing agencies
Lead the punch list identification and closeout process
Make and implement recommendations as necessary
Handle subcontracts and suppliers for the project
Visit suppliers to review quality program for vital project components
Coach and mentor Field Engineer(s) and Project Engineer(s)
Provide job assignments and lead career development
Train others on Kaizen event roles or visual management
Participate in and lead group Kaizen activities
Other duties as assigned, including:
Maintain quality processes until project completion
Complete special projects or initiatives as assigned by the operating group quality director
Assure project success if required to run a project or portion of a project as a Project Manager or Superintendent"	11146	Washington
Cybersecurity Project Manager	VariQ Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:

VariQ is seeking a Cybersecurity Project Manager to support the Library of Congress IT Security Services contract.
Additional Information:
Location: Washington, DC
Salary: Dependent upon experience
Available: Upon award, September 2021
Responsibilities:
Managing a team of at least 10+ cybersecurity professionals delivering security engineering, vulnerability assessment, and penetration testing, SOC tools administration
Managing Costs, Schedule and Budgets within acceptable parameters
Coordinating with Government Leads and providing status reports as required
Ensuring all deliverables are met on time and with quality
Qualifications:
It is expected that the Project Manager have at least 15 years of technical experience working in the Cybersecurity / IT Security field
At least seven (7) + years of experience managing Cybersecurity / IT Security projects
Cloud experience: (5) + years preferred
The Project Manager must have experience leading teams, minimally, of 10 direct reports
Must have at least one of the following certifications: CAP, CASP+CE, CISM, CISSP (or Associate), GSLC, CCISO, HCISPP
ITIL Certification or ITIL experience required
Education
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent years of experience required
OTHER DUTIES
This job description is not designed to cover a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities are subject to change at any time. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties requested by any person authorized to give instructions or assignments.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these functions.
While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk, sit, and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually low to moderate.
NOTE
All duties and responsibilities are essential functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee will possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities. This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an “at will” relationship.
VariQ is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected class. We consider diversity and inclusiveness to be core to our culture, and central to our commitment to fostering an empowering and supportive workplace."	11146	Washington
FACILITIES MAINTENANCE SECTION MANAGER	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA 22201 (Clarendon-Courthouse area)	$103,584 - $158,142 a year	"Position Information
NOTE: This is a re-opening to expand the pool of qualified candidates. If you have already applied for this position, there is no need to re-apply unless you wish to update your application.

The Facilities Maintenance Section within the Department of Environmental Services (DES) is seeking a Facilities Maintenance Section Manager to facilitate overall section operation and oversee the 24/7 building & equipment operation, maintenance, repair and minor construction of all County Government facilities. This includes managing the ongoing operation of buildings and building systems for eighty-seven (87) facilities, which includes office buildings, fire stations, recreation centers, historic buildings, detention facilities, courts-police building, libraries, and more.

Specific duties:
Manages oversight and evaluation of facility maintenance programs and operations; implements long and short-term program goals, objectives, procedures, and service standards, and creates and documents specific action plans to accomplish goals;
Manages staffing requirements and supervises staff, formulates program plans, broad work schedules and methods, works with first line supervisors to set priorities and deadlines, and monitor operations and resolve escalated problems that require technical expertise or analysis;
Performs program liaison work to facilitate interaction among staff, other County agencies, work units and contractors including coordinating with construction managers to ensure all systems and equipment installation meet the design intent and needs of the user;
Plans and designs small building rehabilitation/construction projects, such as HVAC system, power generation, back-up power, roof, store front, façade, and window replacements;
Evaluates resource needs (equipment, personnel and budgetary) by inspecting buildings and related equipment and researching and analyzing age, condition, maintenance history and life expectancy data;
Identifies major long-term maintenance, equipment, and systems replacement requirements; establishes goals and arranges for appropriate staffing and materials;
Manages operating budget, analyzes previous and anticipated expenditures, projects new fiscal year section budget and writes justifications, conducts cost analysis studies and initiates orders for new or replacement equipment/staff, ensures expenditures remain within the budget, and reviews/approves invoices for purchased goods;
Manages capital budget expenditures, identifies projects and assists in the development of cost analyses, monitors expenditures through construction, and coordinates operational and budgeting aspects with participating agencies;
Coordinates contract management, cost analysis studies to determine program staff vs contract staff, writes specifications, selection of contractors, estimates repair costs in order to monitor bids and contracts in force, monitors contractor performance, and cost estimate overruns and change order requests and payments;
Coordinates with design and construction groups to determine the impacts of improvements or replacements on infrastructure maintenance to ensure feasibility of future maintenance and operations;
Evaluates the efficiency, effectiveness, and safety of building equipment through the analysis of operational data through regular inspection of distribution lines for steam, water, plumbing, electricity and refrigeration and evaluation of materials and processes used in repair and replacement work; and
Manages safety programs to detect, minimize and control safety hazards and manages the Facilities Maintenance Dispatcher group and the work order system (EAM) to tracks County wide work order request for Facilities Maintenance.

The successful candidate will possess:

Reading comprehension skills to read and interpret technical reports and charts;
Ability to use computer programs and applications to complete work;
Writing skills to compose and edit reports, proposals, procedures, policies, recommendations, etc.;
Management skills to manage staff, contracts, and programs;
Arithmetic skills to add, subtract, multiply, or divide decimals or fractions and calculate percentages;
Problem solving skills to define problems and collect relevant information to recommend policy solutions; and
Extensive knowledge of the building trades and automated building systems.

Selection Criteria

Minimums:
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Architecture, Construction Management, Public Administration or related field; and
3 years of experience leading facilities operations and maintenance activities on buildings and systems, including a variety of complex state-of-the-art equipment.

Substitution: Additional qualifying experience may be substituted for the educational requirement on a year-for-year basis.

Desirables: Preference may be given to candidates with experience or licensure in one or more of the following:

A First-Class Steam Engineer License and/or journeyman HVAC license;
Supervising staff;
Contract Management;
Managing Operation Budget;
Coordinating and tracking maintenance and repair projects;
Knowledge of engineering principles, construction and design, BOCA Codes and/or NEPA requirements;
Working in a local government and/or urban environment.

Special Requirements

A pre-employment criminal records check will be conducted. It may include checks of the following: criminal record, driving record, education, professional licensure, and credit history. You may be required to sign a release authorizing the County to obtain your background information.

The applicant must possess, or obtain and confirm by the time of appointment, a valid Driver License, or the applicant must have the ability and willingness to use alternative methods of transportation to perform assigned duties and responsibilities at locations other than the primary worksite. Any offer of employment is contingent upon a favorable review of the applicant's driving record.

Completion of the Commonwealth of Virginia Statement of Economic Interest (Financial Disclosure) form will be required of the successful candidate upon hire and annually thereafter.
Additional Information

Work hours: Monday- Friday, 7:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. with flexibility. Must be available after hours and during emergencies.

Each section of the application must be completed. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Incomplete applications will be rejected."	11146	Washington
Deputy Project Manager IS/IT	Orbis, Inc.	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	None	"Deputy Project Manager IS/IT
Washington, DC
This position supports the Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) Office of the Commander Staff including Chief of Staff, Strategic Planning, Command Administrative Services (SEA 00 Staff) and Corporate Operations & Total Force (SEA 10).
NAVSEA is the Department of Navy’s (DON’s) central activity for designing, engineering, integrating, building, and procuring U.S. Naval ships, shipboard weapons, and combat systems. NAVSEA's responsibilities also include the maintenance, repair, modernization, and conversion of in-service ships and their weapons and combat systems.
This position provides overall technical, program planning and management, and administrative support for Information System and Information Technology (IS/IT) in the following areas:
NAVSEA Electronic Records Management System
Corporate Operations and Total Force Technology, Information Systems (IS), and Data Management (DM)
Plan, facilitate and manage customer’s understanding of IT software’s capabilities, training and capability deployment, sustainment, and governance in alignment with Enterprise-wide policy/Federal requirements, including HR and IT security requirements.
Support NAVSEA Command inspections
Assist with other program area functions, as assigned.

Required:
Minimum of 5 years of experience managing large-scale (more than $1M/year) or complex (multiple stakeholders) IT projects/business systems such as enterprise resource planning systems, data warehouses, SharePoint portals.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Bachelor’s degree or professional certifications in IT/IS or data analysis areas.
US Citizen with Secret Security Clearance

Desired:
Has 10 years of experience managing large-scale (more than $1M/year) or complex (multiple stakeholders) IT projects/business systems such as enterprise resource planning systems, data warehouses, SharePoint portals.
Holds an advanced degree in IT/IS or data analysis areas.

ORBIS offers an excellent benefits package and competitive salary in a professional atmosphere."	11146	Washington
Program Manager, Social Impact Creative Alliances	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity.

We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community.

Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Program Manager is responsible for supporting Social Impact affiliated artists in their engagement of critical interventions within existing social systems that inspire debate and social change. The Program Manager will support artists in the task of creation and facilitate artistic exploration in an effort to emphasize the artistic process over product while positioning creative vision as a model for social ingenuity.

Duties and Responsibilities

50% Responsible for building and maintaining impact focused creative alliances across the country

Design artist driven programs that are engaging, inclusive, and participatory based on the vision set forth by the VP and Artistic Director of Social Impact which allow the creative process to flourish
Manage relationships, communication, and asset collection with affiliated Social Impact artists
Center the artists’ vision to harness and channel their creative intellect to impact societal health, development and well-being
Develop plans of action with affiliated Social Impact artists ensuring that they are valued and empowered
Ensure primacy of the artists’ voice and make certain that their agreed upon goals during their time with the Center are achieved
Build, manage and disseminate monthly Social Impact newsletter

35% Responsible for project management, key project tasks, and office work-flow

Create project timelines for Social Impact programs that integrate cross-matrix functionality with other teams in the Programming division and across the Center
Confer with Campus Planning to effectively communicate programing goals and ensure that appropriate reservations and holds are placed on Center and REACH venues
When required, work with Marketing and Box Office to create ticket set-ups for programs
Attend inter-departmental meetings as a Social Impact representative in order to advance the Center’s Social Impact priorities and objectives

10% Responsible for program budget management, revisions, tracking, and reporting

Consult with Director of Social Impact to develop seasonal program budgets based on the vision set forth by the VP and Artistic Director of Social Impact
Consult with Director of Social Impact to revise program budgets throughout the season pro forma process
Track and maintain program budgets throughout the season and conduct regular budget re-projections
Consult with Social Impact team as needed to provide Finance and Development with financial information for grant reporting

5% Responsible for coordination of administrative staff

Responsible for coordinating hiring process, including training and onboarding of interns, fellows and new staff

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

3-5 years’ experience in arts management or administration and community engagement, specifically in the performing arts.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Demonstrated strength in artist relations
Flexibility and expansive thinking is required to support artist needs.
A critical understanding of the value of the arts as a tool address societal challenges.
Understanding of budgeting and finance expenses related to the performing arts.
Background in finance and basic accounts payable procedures.
Adept knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is normal, except that volume may be loud during performances. Travel up to 0% may be required.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11146	Washington
Program Manager, Social Impact Civic Alliances	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity.

We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community.

Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Program Manager is responsible for engagement and management of a diverse group of stakeholder and civic/community collaborators ensuring that all are included, appreciated, and valued. The Program Manager will center anti-racist practices in project management and in the approach to key project tasks that pertain to establishing and maintaining concerted creative efforts to leverage the arts for non-arts outcomes with historically underrepresented or historically marginalized communities across the region.

Duties and Responsibilities

50% Responsible for building and maintaining civic alliances across the region

Design community driven programs that are engaging, inclusive, and participatory based on the vision set forth by the VP and Artistic Director of Social Impact which allow marginalized voices and perspectives to be heard
Manage relationships and communication with external stakeholders and civic/community collaborators
Develop plans of action with external stakeholders ensuring that they are valued and empowered
Ensure primacy of stakeholder and civic/community collaborators’ goals and desires in influencing and/or co-curating programs
Coordinate across the Center to ensure agreed upon stakeholder and civic/community collaborators’ goals are met

35% Responsible for project management, key project tasks, and office work-flow

Create project timelines for Social Impact programs that integrate cross-matrix functionality with other teams in the Programming division and across the Center
Confer with Campus Planning to effectively communicate programing goals and ensure that appropriate reservations and holds are placed on Center and REACH venues
When required, work with Marketing and Box Office to create ticket set-ups for programs
Attend inter-departmental meetings as a Social Impact representative in order to advance the Center’s Social Impact priorities and objectives

10% Responsible for program budget management, revisions, tracking, and reporting

Consult with Director of Social Impact to develop seasonal program budgets based on the vision set forth by the VP and Artistic Director of Social Impact
Consult with Director of Social Impact to revise program budgets throughout the season pro forma process
Track and maintain program budgets throughout the season and conduct regular budget re-projections
Consult with Social Impact team as needed to provide Finance and Development with financial information for grant reporting

5% Responsible for coordination of administrative staff

Responsible for coordinating hiring process, including training and onboarding of interns, fellows and new staff

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

3-5 years’ experience in arts management or administration and community engagement, specifically in the performing arts.

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Demonstrated strength in community building.
Demonstrated ability to develop trust and rapport with diverse communities.
A working understanding of local political and social history.
An awareness of the appropriate manner to address sensitive issues when inviting engaged participation.
Understanding of budgeting and finance expenses related to the performing arts.
Background in finance and basic accounts payable procedures.
Adept knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Occasional lifting and moving of office supplies and artist hospitality needs weighing as much as 40 lbs. Must be able to work occasional nights and weekends and work beyond 40 hours/week as needed. Will participate in coverage of Millennium Stage shows as needed.

Work Environment

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is normal, except that volume may be loud during performances.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11146	Washington
Manager, Quality Services	Amazon.com Services LLC	Arlington, VA	None	"A graduate in any field of study. Quantitative fields such as science and engineering preferred but not mandatory
Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience with at-least 1 to 2 years in people management role directly managing team members
High level of energy and proactive nature. A sense of ownership and drive and a willingness to accept the challenge of daily deadlines is essential.
Experience being the point of contact with stakeholders and managing project delivery

Quality Services (QS) org provides testing support for Devices, Retail and AWS products. The primary objective of QS org is to provide manual testing support, which includes regression and new feature/product testing. Manager, Quality Services would manage a team of quality service associates. They will be first point of contact to plan and manage test execution for a set of components / product and responsible for timely delivery. They will monitor daily floor operations, create execution reports, and communicate to stakeholders on regular basis. They review associates performance on regular intervals and ensure productivity & quality targets are met. Manager, Quality Services will also be responsible for performance management of all the reporting associates.

Manage a team (~ 10+ team members), undertakes task allocation to team members and manage test execution delivery based on schedule or SLAs
Engage with stakeholders (Quality assurance teams) to seek inputs on task planning and delivery schedules and communicate with clear status reports and documentation

Unblock team for any challenges they face which require collaboration with multiple teams (like peer teams, HR, IT, admin etc.)

Raise / handle escalations, perform root cause analysis and implement corrective actions
Collect, track and present project metrics(in terms of quality of deliverables / team effectiveness) and take required corrective actions
Identify process inefficiencies, make recommendations and influence stakeholders in fixing those
Connect with team members through regular sync ups like 1-1 and provide performance feedback to direct reports
Guide and mentor team members in their career progression
Participate in hiring and onboard new team members

Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Strong attention to detail and organizational skills.
Strong judgment and instincts and able to prioritize in complex, fast-paced environment.
Good people manager who can manage and motivate direct reports and get the best out of them."	11146	Washington
Manager, Administration and VIP Services	WASHINGTON NATIONALS	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Summary:
We are looking for a dynamic, organized, high energy candidate to work in a fast paced professional environment. The ideal candidate will have experience supporting C-level executives and have experience-managing people.
Reporting to the Senior Vice President, the Manager, Administration and VIP Services is responsible for supporting the C-level executive and supervising the Office Services/VIP teams. S/he has a proven ability to independently manage multiple tasks and projects with competing priorities and deadlines, screen and prioritize communications and opportunities from external and internal sources, and organize and maintain administrative processes.
The Nationals are a military-friendly organization actively recruiting veterans and spouses.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Administration
Manage external contacts, proactively understanding who they are, which are priority contacts and keep track of periodic communication needed for priority contacts.
Anticipate the needs and proactively bring together appropriate people and resources to support the executive in addressing issues.
Coordinate and facilitate meetings.
Manage the daily schedule, ensuring the Senior Vice President knows their schedule 24 hours in advance and keeping appointments and meetings on time or changing schedules when necessary.
Develop and maintain a system that alerts upcoming deadlines and incoming requests or events.
Manage travel arrangements and proactively coordinate the pre-planning of trips with various internal functions, including.
Arrange appropriate travel, visas, agendas and necessary contacts, country information, etc.
Ensure that various administrative tasks are done in an effective and efficient manner, including composing correspondence, copying, reviewing outside mail, drafting correspondence, screening phone calls. Review Company documents (i.e. invoices, expense reports) for appropriate signatures, form completion, etc. before submission to the Senior Vice President.
Assist in the organization and administration of the department, including identifying needs and developing procedures, filing systems, supplies, and arranges for equipment maintenance when needed.
Work with Senior Vice President on Postseason coordination and special projects.
Supervisory Duties
Supervise the VIP Services Coordinator, and the Office Services Department employees (Mailroom Coordinator, Receptionist, and Office Services Coordinator).
VIP Services
Ensure that all VIP needs met by overseeing the VIP Services Coordinator and providing assistance as needed.
Make sure comprehensive manual that addresses all VIP needs including policies, procedures and protocol to accomplish and anticipate the needs of VIPs (e.g. tickets, hospitality, player requests and merchandise needs) is maintained.
Review and approve an accurate inventory of the promotional and giveaway items.
Review VIP suite menu for each homestand.
Review guest lists each homestand.
Approve external communications with VIPs.
Office Services
Create and manage the annual Office Services budget.
Review and approve all pantry and office supplies/equipment purchase requisitions.
Review and approve weekly office damages list.
Review and approve monthly telephone list and the on-line front office roster.
Coordinate office space and supplies for new hires.
Ensure mailroom run in compliance with MLB rules and regulations.
Ensure monthly reports submitted to league.
Coordinate spring training deliveries with operations in Florida.
Make sure all departments have supplies prior to beginning of homestand.
Audit pantry and office supply inventory to ensure it is being completed accurately and consistently
Negotiate contracts and manage relationships with office service vendors, including beverage supplier, package delivery companies and vending machines.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent military experience.
Minimum of 5 years’ experience supporting C-level Executives and working with Boards of Directors, necessary.
Minimum of 3 years management experience in event production or customer service.
Prior experience in corporate, entertainment and social event management and planning is desired.
Team and/or sports experience preferred.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities necessary to perform essential functions
Demonstrated ability to handle confidential information appropriately.
Highly proficient in the following software programs: (Word, /Excel/PowerPoint, databases).
Ability to stay focused, efficient, and effective in managing multiple priorities.
Professional demeanor in all circumstances.
Strong interpersonal skills and good judgment.
Proven ability to work independently to achieve accomplishments.
Exemplary relationship building, communication, writing and verbal skills.
Mature, energetic with a ‘let’s roll up our sleeves’ attitude.
Proven ability to effectively collaborate with internal team, cross-functional team, and external parties
Ability to work regular business hours, evenings and/or weekends as needed.
Uphold Core Values: Excellence, Performance, and Accountability. These core values set the tone in everything we do, help us succeed on and off the field, make a difference in the community and provide the best guest experience in sports. It is important that the person in the position commits themselves to these core values so that we can constantly move forward in the same direction – Together.
Physical/Environmental Requirements
Office: Working conditions are normal for an office environment. Frequent evening, weekend and holiday work is required.
Gameday: Job requires employee to function in a high activity and heavily crowded outdoor professional sports venue. May work at heights. Employee will be exposed to inclement weather of varying degrees. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand for long periods of time, walk long distances, and climb up/down stairs. The employee is required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or sit and must lift and/or move up to 45 pounds.
Experience
Preferred
Manager
Education
Preferred
Bachelors or better"	11146	Washington
Information Technology Project Manager	Onset Technologies LLC	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	Up to $50,000 a year	Onset Technologies is seeking an Information Technology (IT) Manager to provide a wide range of IT management and administrative services to support the Office of Technical Assistance (OTA), a bi-lateral international assistance program. The person selected will be hired under a personal services contract.OTA provides technical assistance in over 50 countries in five functional areas; economic crimes, government debt and infrastructure finance, budget and financial accountability, banking and financial services, and revenue policy and administration.The IT Manager provides oversight, coordination, consultation, and guidance on all OTA IT matters and oversees the execution of all OTA IT activities at the program’s Washington, D.C. headquarters. Some travel may be required.Qualifications: Significant, proven working experience as an IT manager or relevant experience successfully implementing IT strategies and IT security policies, preferably in the public sectorTechnical management experience in computer networks and hardware and software systemsExpert knowledge of information technology standards and practices to include:knowledge of IT applications and systems (e.g. operating systems and user interfaces)experience implementing new technologies and evaluating technologies implementedexperience in preparing and testing disaster recovery and business continuity planexperience in developing, implementing and enforcing information security and control framework, policy and proceduresExcellent written and oral communication skillsStrong organizational skills and significant project management experienceProven experience in strategic planning, risk management, change management and people managementB.S. in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field is desiredResponsibilities and Duties: Provide oversight, coordination, consultation, and guidance on all IT matters and operationsAdvise management on IT issuesCreate, maintain, monitor and evaluate IT strategy and work plan, including system and functional requirements and implementation timetableEstablish and maintain a positive working relationship with partner offices and stakeholdersPerform IT project oversight and management, including task planning coordination, systems engineering and configuration management oversight, IT solutions validation, and IT product integrity verificationReview and advise management on IT project cost and time estimates, application and hardware quotes, schedules and contingency plansProvide guidance and training to non-IT staff on IT-related systemsDevelop internal information management policies and proceduresAdvise leadership on IT capabilities and resource utilizationDevelop and manage IT budget, contractual services, and equipment, ensuring contract is compliant with Federal regulations and agency requirements.Please note: This is a PERSONAL SERVICES CONTRACTOR position; NOT a civil service position.U.S. citizenship is required.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: Up to $50,000.00 per yearSchedule:8 hour shiftAbility to Commute/Relocate:Washington, DC 20003: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Scrum: 1 year (Preferred)License/Certification:PMP (Preferred)Security Clearance:Confidential (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11146	Washington
Program Manager - Digital Services	Ad Hoc Company Website	Washington, DC	None	"This is a remote position.

Ad Hoc is a digital services company that helps the federal government better serve people. Our team of experts from across commercial industry and government brings the modern skills necessary to help agencies transform public services into digital services. Our work enables agencies to meet the needs of their users while closing the gap between consumer expectations and government.

At Ad Hoc, a Program Manager is responsible for keeping programs on timeline, scope, and price. That means everything from high-level project planning such as crafting project milestones, epics, and schedules, to finance projection and reconciliation, to personnel management. You'll ensure that the project has everything it needs to be successful. In this position you will also play a technical role working to sign off on all solutions that are provided to clients.

Requirements

Our Federal contracts require that you be a U.S. Citizen to be eligible for employment.
All work must be conducted within the U.S.
As a contractor to the federal government, all hires may be required to complete additional background screenings at the time of hire or any time thereafter as requested

What You'll Do

Develop strong customer relationships to understand needs, maximize customer satisfaction, and identify new opportunities
Manage team members and finances
Interview and select new team members
Conduct performance reviews
Serve as the final authority on product and technical solutions for clients

What You'll Bring

People Management: demonstrated ability to manage humans.
Systems Management: demonstrated ability to organize people, technology, culture, and operations to drive solutions to significantly complex business problems.
Client Management: demonstrated ability to maximize client satisfaction in a contractual relationship.
Written Technical Expression: demonstrated use of plain language to communicate information that others comprehend.
Strategic Thinking: demonstrated ability to plan programs in ways that benefit the organization over a long term.
Tactical Implementation: demonstrated ability to implement a strategic plan in small, iterative cycles.
Entrepreneurism: Ability to identify and implement opportunities tied to revenue streams.
Financial Management: Ability to accurately forecast profit and loss for a program.
Executive Leadership: Ability to nurture and grow managers.
External Awareness: Remains current on external forces that may impact the organization or tech community.

Benefits

Company-subsidized Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Vanguard 401K Plan
Unlimited Vacation
Continuing Education/Annual Conference Attendance Stipend

Ad Hoc LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, pregnancy, disability, work-related injury, covered veteran status, political ideology, marital status, or any other factor that the law protects from employment discrimination."	11146	Washington
Enablement Manager	Amazon Web Services, Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
5+ years of experience in sales, consulting or program management for a large Cloud Solution Provider
5+ years demonstrated project management skills across multiple projects
5+ years Cloud Product Owner, Solution Technology Strategist, Partner Enablement Owner
Outstanding interpersonal communication skills
Ability to successfully influence stakeholder teams and think strategically and analytically about business
Ability to deal with ambiguity and proactively seek relevant information to drive decision making
Capability to break down complex problems and find simple ways to solve them.
Exceptional writing skills

As cloud technologies continue to transform the businesses, our customers use a combination of AWS professional services, System Integrators, and in-house support services to drive their digital innovation on AWS. At AWS Worldwide Solutions Architect’ Go-to-Market (WWSA GTM), we empower our Solutions Architects (SAs), AWS Partners and Professional Services stakeholder community to quickly find the right products and architectures for our customers to exceed their business objectives. GTM drives WWSA product and service adoption through enabling our technical field and partners. This indirectly increases usage of our paid services.

With Partner Enablement as part of WWSA GTM, we collaborate with internal (e.g. Professional Services) and external distribution channels (e.g. AWS Partner Network (APN)) and stakeholders to accelerate the customer's digital innovation on AWS utilizing the WWSA Product & Service Portfolio. We develop mechanisms and processes to facilitate the interlock between GTM and other teams, create feedback loops between customers and WWSA product teams, and help to continuously measure the success of the GTM team. We improve collaboration between WWSA product teams and internal/ external partner communities by leading targeted programs for WWSA product teams; we leverage partners as an extension to reach more external customers for external WWSA products. We also create and program manage programs, tools, and processes to facilitate usage of partners for externally facing WWSA products; we are thought leaders for our internal and external partners’ go-to-market activities.
To meet the growing demand for partner and channel interaction with WWSA around the globe, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people. We are looking for an enablement manager who will help to evolve the channel partner strategy for WWSA GTM.

The ideal candidate will be well familiar with AWS services, and possess both a business background that enables them to drive engagement across Sales and Partner communities, as well as a technical background that enables them to understand architectural best practices. The successful candidate will be a technologist with an inherent curiosity and a passion for working with high performing teams. A keen sense of ownership, drive, and scrappiness to get things done is a must. This individual should demonstrate the ability to successfully influence stakeholder teams, and think strategically and analytically about business, product, and technical challenges. To be successful in this role, it is also important be comfortable with ambiguity and proactively seek relevant information to drive decision making.

Your responsibilities

Work backwards from the customer and find solutions that solve customer problems and save the customer and our partners time and money
Help the team to identify relevant customer use cases and business personas to solve our customers’ problems
Work with channels and partners to align WWSA product teams’ roadmaps with other teams across AWS
Be the ‘connector’ between WWSA product teams and other AWS teams to drive the ‘one-AWS’ approach
Support to build mechanisms and processes for the GTM team to facilitate the interlock with other teams, create feedback loops between customers and WWSA product teams, and help to continuously measure the success of the GTM team.
Work with AWS partner delivery teams, establish and grow relationships with key channel partners, and act as ‘thought leader’ with regards to customer solutions and most relevant use cases.
Drive WWSA product and service adoption through channel partner enablement, support the channel partner value message for APN partners and WWSA.
Work with the partner leaders in the worldwide regions to establish training plans and curriculums that will help drive customer satisfaction and partner revenue.
Understand key trends across the AWS partner community and regions
Use data analytics and reporting through established platforms to make business decisions.

This role can be performed near any US AWS office in the following cities: Arlington, Atlanta, Austin, Ballston, Boston, Chicago, Cupertino, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, East Palo Alto, Herndon, Houston, Irvine, Minneapolis, New York City, Pittsburgh, Portland, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, Washington D.C., Tempe, Sunnyvale, or Santa Monica.

Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.


Thorough understanding of the AWS portfolio
Experience in Partner or Channel enablement; experience with Systems Integrators, Independent Software Vendors, or Public Sector partners
Experience in sales, sales enablement and alliance management
Experience in learning and development or enablement-related position
Experience in Partner or Channel enablement or training
Experience in building reports in Tableau or other Business Intelligence systems

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit US Disability Accommodations.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."	11146	Washington
Manager Quality Management	Amerihealth	Washington, DC 20022	None	"Your career starts now. We’re looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, we’re passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, we’d like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.
Responsibilities:

Under the direction of the Director, Quality Management, the Manager of Quality Management is responsible for providing oversight, direct supervision and day-to-day management of the Quality Management Team. This position oversees integration of quality monitoring and interventions for improving HEDIS rates and provides process assistance to business owners for performance improvement projects. The incumbent provides direction and support to the Quality Management team and assists the Director in ensuring Plan compliance with state regulations and accreditation standards.

Directs the Quality Operations Program, following the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) Standards and Guidelines Quality Management, as well as, the contract with the State and requirements of regulatory bodies
Maintains current knowledge of Health Plan Policy and Procedures, State Requirements, NCQA Standards and HEDIS specifications.
Participates in the planning, developing, and implementing Health Plan activities related to the HEDIS process, improving HEDIS rates and member satisfaction.
Ensures the Quality Management Team complies with all applicable statutory provisions, contracts, and established policies and administrative procedures.
Participates and assists in the development of all necessary protocols, policies and procedures, operational strategies and plans to develop and implement Quality Management programs.
Ensures complete, accurate and timely reporting to regulatory bodies.
Supports the development and implementation of quality management programs and pilot programs designed to improve HEDIS rates and/or member satisfaction.
Identifies barriers to project and program success and works toward resolution by informing the accountable functional area and presenting plans to resolve the issue when possible.

Education/ Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in a Health Related field required.
3 to 5 years management experience in Quality Improvement.
10 or more years progressively responsible experience in a health related position.
Previous experience in managed care required.
Back Share
Apply Now"	11146	Washington
Program Manager	Alutiiq	Washington, DC 20226 (Downtown area)	None	"The Project Manager shall direct and review the work of all personnel each workday. The PM will be familiar enough with the duties of all positions so that he/she can evaluate the performance of employees, the effectiveness of operations, and provide backup tasks to Cleaners and Day Porter performance, if it becomes necessary. Additionally, the PM will ensure contract deliverables are correctly prepared and submitted on time; those employees properly identify themselves as contract employees; ensure employees complete Company and Government directed training as required; ensure employees correctly note work hours each day as required; approve personal leave; and approve timesheets at the close of each time reporting period.
Primary/Major Duties and Responsibilities (Essential Functions):
Shall have a positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills, tact, problem-solving abilities, and the ability to prioritize competing situations in the best interests of the Census serviced population.
Shall know all contract requirements as noted in the Performance Work Statement and ensure all employees know them, as well.
Assign employees as needed to perform tasks associated with the required housekeeping of assigned buildings.
Effectively delegate contract activities to ensure the timely execution and delivery of required tasks and deliverables.
Maintain open communications with the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) and key personnel to ensure that all performance requirements are met.
Serves as a liaison between Alutiiq Corporate and the COR.
Perform other related duties incidental to the contract performance and as directed by the COR and Alutiiq Corporate.
Promptly notify the Alutiiq Corporate Management Team of any requested performance that is not within the scope of the PWS.
Ensure compliance with all regulatory guidelines (environmental, health, and safety).
Develop, evaluate, and implement new processes/procedures as deemed necessary to improve the efficiency of the staff while ensuring performance standards are met.
Ensure all employees’ skills and abilities grow throughout the lifecycle of their employment/support of the Ronald Reagan Janitorial Services Contract.
Ensure employees are aware of, understand, and follow all Company and Government policies, practices and procedures.
Develop work Schedules and adjustments thereto prior to execution, if possible, to ensure required daily, monthly, quarterly, and yearly tasks are covered when required to be performed.
Establish a training methodology, which gives employees proper training and the necessary tools needed for successful performance.
Continually evaluate employee performance and provide timely counselling when performance is deficient.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE:
Must possess all skills necessary to ensure that employees provide service in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contract.
Must possess a minimum two year's supervisory experience and education can be substituted for experience.
Shall have at least three (10) years of janitorial experience.
Must be proficient in the use of Microsoft Word and Excel.
Must have excellent oral and written communication skills."	11146	Washington
Project Manager	Capgemini Government Solutions	McLean, VA	None	"Capgemini Government Solutions (CGS) LLC is seeking highly motivated and qualified individuals for a Project Manager position. The Project Manager will be responsible for the development life cycle process that translates business requirements into functioning software systems, services and solutions. This is a multifaceted role working in collaboration with Capgemini’s world class teams to support our government clients.

The successful candidate will have an opportunity to apply and grow their skillset and work with a motivated and entrepreneurial team, engage with a wide range of stakeholders, and build CGS’ capabilities by serving our clients.


Job Responsibilities

As a Project Manager, you will:

Manage complex development projects on-time and to client specifications.
Identify and recommend solutions, integration points and related implementation architecture for business usage improvements, scalability and performance.
Manage team of developers in ensuring projects are delivered within scope and timelines.
Evaluate possible application performance bottlenecks at early stages of the implementation & recommend remedial measures.


Required Qualifications

US Citizenship required.
Eligible to obtain and maintain Government Security Clearance.
Over 3+ years of in Project management, managing project scope, project schedule and project costs.
Excellent written, verbal presentation and organizational skills, ability to interface with all levels and business units.
Ability to lead enterprise engagements, facilitate meetings, and lead customer support projects.
Experience in professional services or consulting organization preferred.


Nice to Have Skills

CSM certification or PMP certification.
Hands on experience with agile / scrum methodology.
Multiple Cloud certifications (e.g. Sales, Service, etc.).
Experience with collaborating with developers, clients, other business analysts, Solution Architects, Release Managers, etc.


Company Overview:

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of client’s opportunities in the evolving world of cloud and digital platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. Capgemini Government Solutions, LLC (Capgemini GS) is a subsidiary of Capgemini focused on providing high quality services to the U.S. Federal Government. Learn more about us at www.capgemini-gs.com.
Capgemini has an entrepreneurial environment that embodies the following values: Honesty, Boldness, Trust, Freedom, Team Spirit, Modesty, and Fun. We offer a competitive benefits package to our employees.


Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.

#cggsjobs #ondice #CB #clearance"	11146	Washington
Project Manager - Corporate IT	Advarra, Inc.	Columbia, MD 21044	None	"Advarra provides integrated solutions that safeguard trial participants, empower clinical sites, ensure compliance, and optimize research performance. Connecting the clinical research ecosystem, Advarra delivers solutions through a site-centric approach that unifies and accelerates the drug development lifecycle, making clinical trials safer, smarter, and faster.
Job Summary
The Project Manager position has the primary responsibility to manage the Advarra’s Business systems and special projects. The Project Manager is responsible for all engineering and project management aspects of our business systems and special projects assignment during integration with acquired businesses.
Principal Duties & Responsibilities
Leadership, coaching, development, and planning activities to ensure that IT Infrastructure and Help Desk team members are positioned to deliver the infrastructure, operations, and help desk support services required by the organization
Ensure appropriate infrastructure in in place to provide the highest level of performance and resiliency of the business systems
Manage cross-departmental project teams and activities, deriving status updates from team members and delivering meaningful status updates at regular project meetings.
Develop and maintain the incident management systems
Creates operational reporting and metrics for IT Management and present progress reports to senior management
Ensures that realistic estimates of cost, duration and resource requirements are agreed to. Monitors projects and tasks against these criteria, taking corrective action as necessary
Performs risk assessments and develops risk mitigation and contingency for infrastructure and disaster recovery plans
Collaborates with Security Operations and Compliance organizations
Maintain and review IT support contracts, application licensing and security certificates.
Hardware and software procurement
Leads one or more project teams while motivating team members; allocates and monitors tasks
Maintain and oversee the change schedule and projected service outage impacts for infrastructure and application deployment execution
Coordinating activities required to enhance use of existing application functionality, rollout new functionality and further integrate with other business systems.
Track overall project progress and report status and any issues to management and project team members.
Act as a liaison between the leadership team and system users.
Coordinate and facilitate requirements gathering sessions with cross-functional teams which help define and verify process needs and workflow design.
Work with end users to improve existing business process workflows.
Assist in the development of processes and procedures in an effort to streamline and increase efficiency.
Utilize data to identify trends and opportunities for process improvement.
Work with leadership to create reports necessary to better manage teams.
Monitor application upgrade release notes. Notify applicable team members of application changes as a result of upgrades and complete training if necessary.
Ensure training is provided to all impacted users when new functionality is rolled out.
Attend relevant product conferences with an objective to remain current. Bring ideas back to team regarding improved workflow and further leveraging applications.
Job Requirements
Education
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or Business/Economics or Associates degree and equivalent work experience
Experience
5+ years managing Information systems as project manager
Proven experience managing full system implementations and support organizations
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Experience partnering with internal business stakeholder to address business requirements
Comfortable communicating with and interacting with individuals from all levels of the organization
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Effective verbal and written communications skills
Familiarity will project related documents such as project charters, project plans, requirements specifications, test plans and implementation plans etc.
Strong expertise with ITSM and ITIL standards
Expertise in agile methodologies
Deal with multiple concurrent projects and their shifting schedules and changing priorities
Manage multiple assigned tasks and prioritize work efforts in order to accomplish most critical task first and meet deadlines
Competencies
Organizational Awareness/Strategic Thinking
Persuasive Communication
Fostering Innovation
Attention to Communication
Fostering Teamwork
Influencing Others
Diagnostic Information Gathering
Physical and Mental Requirements:
Sit or stand for extended periods of time at stationary work station Regularly carry, raise, and lower objects of up to 10lbs
Learn and comprehend basic instructions Focus and attention to tasks and responsibilities
Verbal communication; listening and understanding, responding and speaking
EEO Statement
Advarra provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran, marital, or domestic partner status, citizenship, genetic information or any other status or characteristic covered by federal, state or local law. Further, the company takes affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed and employees are treated during employment without regard to any of these characteristics. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated.
EEO/M/F/Disabled/Vets"	11146	Washington
Associate Account Manager	Amazon Advertising LLC	Arlington, VA	None	"
Experience with Microsoft Excel
Experience analyzing data and best practices to assess performance drivers

Amazon Advertising is looking for Associate Account Managers to drive the success and continued growth of our business. This role is for persistent candidates who are passionate about making effective and analytically driven marketing decisions. The ideal candidate has a history of accomplishing goals and exceeding deliverables. They are a strong analytical thinker and problem solver who thrives in fast-paced, dynamic environments. They are a communicator, effective listener, and project manager who is able to balance multiple and often conflicting priorities. To be successful you will not only dive deep into data to understand trends, you will clearly communicate the “why” behind results and make actionable recommendations to internal and external partners. This is an exciting opportunity to learn about our advertising solutions and how these drive the overall Amazon business.

Interested in advertising? Interested in advertising at Amazon?

Amazon Advertising is recruiting for their Associate Account Manager program. Through the course of this highly visible six-month program, you will learn about the digital advertising industry and how it relates to a dynamic ecommerce environment. You'll receive training and coaching from some of the most innovative minds in the industry, develop Amazon business acumen, and be responsible for deliverables on your accounts. Upon graduation, you will make an immediate impact through ownership of a book of business within digital advertising at Amazon. This is an exciting professional development opportunity in one of the fastest growing businesses at Amazon.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Become a knowledgeable partner on Amazon Advertising solutions
Perform data analysis to deliver actionable recommendations that effect short term / long term digital media strategy
Prioritize and deliver timely, high quality work
Ability to deliver the highest level customer service to our clients
Educate advertisers on performance metrics and how to accomplish greater results on Amazon
Develop annual brand, media, and campaign strategies for growth based on overall advertiser goals/objectives
Evaluate KPIs and optimize campaign performance using a data driven approach

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us .


Work, internship or other leadership experience in a professional comparable environment
Excellent oral and written communication skills and an ability to impact others internally and external
An ability to analyze quantitatively, and problem-solve
Demonstrated ability to perform well in a highly dynamic, rapidly changing environment

"	11146	Washington
IT Project Mgr	ORAU	Washington, DC	None	"POSITION CONTINGENT ON CONTRACT AWARD
APPOINTMENT TYPE: Full-Time Regular
 The IT Project Manager is responsible for the support services and technology implementation and integration in support of Peer Review Program (PRP) customers. Reporting to the Deputy Project Director of Support Services, this position leads a team of technical staff which manage the overall operations, support, development and enhancement of technical services required to seamlessly run multiple interactive systems utilized to review the merit of funding proposals.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Responsible for the operations and maintenance of technology systems related to peer review
Work in collaboration with ORAU Information Technology Services. Represent ORAU technology to federal stakeholders
Oversee technical budget, tasks, timelines and deliverables
Remedy IT challenges the Help Desk reps are unable to resolve
Facilitate agile technical solutions to meet customer technology needs

JOB QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related IT area and 4 to 6 years of job related experience. An equivalent combination of education and experience performing duties as described may be substituted for the minimum requirements.

Must be able to obtain a security clearance

Additional job knowledge, skills and abilities needed to perform the duties and responsibilities of the position include:
Experience working with federal agencies that award grant funds to the scientific community
Proven experience in managing budgets, resource allocation, as well as meeting timelines and deliverable dates
Evidence of strong project management experience, PMP or Agile certifications preferred
Information Technology management experience in the peer and merit review
Expertise in IT system Cloud migration, and IT system transitioning experience, preferred
Red Hat and/or Linux experience a plus
Evidence of strong project management experience. Professional scrum master and agile certification preferred
Ability to work in and foster a fast paced collaborative work environment
Excellent writing and verbal communication skills
Extensive knowledge in peer review systems strongly preferred


Unposting Date

Ongoing"	11146	Washington
Logistics Project Manager	Columbus Technologies	Bethesda, MD 20892	None	"Overview:

Roles and responsibilities
Must be authorized to work in the United States
W2 with full benefits
Some travel may be required
Offer contingent on ability to successfully pass a background check and drug screen
Columbus Technologies and Services Inc. is a strategic supplier and business partner to the federal government and its key suppliers. Through our partnership with the National Institutes of Health, Columbus offers administrative, IT, engineering, scientific, and healthcare professionals the opportunity to work with one of the most prestigious research organizations in the world. We are currently seeking a Logistics Project Manager to work onsite with the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, MD.
This is a long-term position which offers:
Competitive salaryTremendous growth opportunityOpportunity to work at NIH, the world's foremost medical research centerLearn more about what Columbus can do for you at www.columbususa.com
Responsibilities:

Job Description:Collaborate with staff on a full range of program management duties, including evaluating, planning, coordinating and monitoring all phases of the MMESD functions.Collaborate with staff on conducting process improvement and writing project plans in the NIH Clinical Center.
Prepare formal reports containing the results of the studies.Design documents including working drawings and specifications; present options and recommendations.
Develop a comprehensive project management plan for each approved project.
Serve as assistant to the Project Manager to coordinate stakeholder responsibilities.
Address all the components of the project including resources, schedule and responsibilities.
Create preliminary drafts, graphs and tables for monitoring progress.Integrate project plans and distinct functions of supply chain management and environmental services with customer needs, recommendations of alternative solutions in response to client requirements of planning, design and performance measurements.Record results and actionable outcomes of quality assurance walkthroughs of and provide a quality assurance reports.Attend to any situation requiring investigation to ensure and uphold sanitary condition standards for the work being conducted.Maintain records for required performance history and scheduling/coordinating between vendors and department operations.Investigate any supply chain deficiency or events; create relevant documents.Conduct benchmarking studies of other medical research hospitals to determine best practices; maintain current knowledge of trends and new developments in inventory management, storage and distribution in a clinical and research environment.
Compile lessons learned from projects in order to improve the planning and execution of future projects.Research and analyze complex program issues by reviewing information, reconciling conflicting data and devising new or modified methods to analyze findings.
Work with ORF/HEFS and Hospital Epidemiology services to execute the identified requirements into materials management and environmental services procedures to support patients and clinical research.
Participate in the development of technical requirements for projects.Prepare reports, briefings, project papers, correspondence and presentations; make presentations at meetings.Draft responses to requests for information from the HHS, NIH, Clinical Center and other Departments.
Qualifications:

Required Skills:Master’s degree in a related discipline. Three (3) years of specialized experience plus a Bachelor’s degree is equivalent to a Master’s degree.Minimum of seven (7) years of experience in related field.Strong communication skills, both oral and written.Excellent analytical, organizational and time management skills.Ability to communicate in writing to formulate and present special reports concerning the status and adequacy of agency projects (i.e., from the preliminary planning stage through project completion).
Professional knowledge of, and skill in applying industry theories, concepts, principles, and methodologies of supply chain optimization and standardization.Experience in Project Management."	11146	Washington
Technical Project Manager - Global Projects	Ursus	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	None	"Job Title: Technical Project Manager - Global Projects
Location: Washington D.C.
Duration: 1 Year

Summary:
Interpret business requests into organized requirements
Develop and manage end-to-end project plans and ensure on-time delivery
Provide hands-on program management during analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation phases
Perform risk management and change management on projects
Provide day-to-day coordination and quality assurance for projects and tasks
Drive internal process improvements across multiple teams and functions
Interface with engineering teams and cross-functional partners for project requirements and scope
Motivate and focus a large collaboration to reach challenging goals
Define operational processes of our review systems to maintain a stable, consistent environment.
Act as a trusted advisor to partners in developing and prioritizing comprehensive, data-driven tool improvement requests and raise core problems to Engineering and other cross-functional teams.


Minimum Qualifications
2+ years of experience in project management, operations, consulting, product management or equivalent field
Demonstrated analytical-thinking and problem-solving experience
Experience with process change management or process improvement
Experience liaising between technical and non-technical partners, and effectively collaborating with cross-functional stakeholders
Interpersonal experience, including relationship building and collaboration within cross-functional team
Analytical and problem-solving experience, and experience working with large-scale software systems


Preferred Qualifications
2+ years experience in one of the following: software engineering, systems engineering, support, solution engineering in addition to project/program management experience with a demonstrated track record of delivering business value using technology solutions in high-tech operations space
Expertise in multiple requirement analysis techniques/methodologies
Experience leading cross-functional efforts across multiple time zones and functions
Demonstrated ability to quickly adapt, learn new skill sets and ""roll-up the sleeves "" in order to accomplish all necessary tasks
Strong analytical and technical mindset, as well as strong organizational and relationship management skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication, influencing and problem-solving skills
Resourceful, action-orientated with the ability to get things done independently and overcome obstacles by developing creative solutions to problems








IND123"	11146	Washington
DC Project Manager	CRISP Shared Services, Inc	Washington, DC	None	"Description:

CRISP serves as the Designated Health Information Exchange (HIE) for Maryland and Washington, D.C., with affiliates in West Virginia, Connecticut, and Alaska. CRISP facilitates the electronic transfer of clinical information between disparate information systems in order to positively impact the healthcare system through improved patient care and outcomes, reduced costs, and data-driven understanding of regional public health concerns.
The Project Manager will be responsible for supporting Health IT and projects in the Washington, D.C. region. They will provide critical, day-to-day project management of grant programs in D.C. and support a multi-region senior project manager who will be working on shared efforts across D.C., MD, and West Virginia. This role will require coordination and partnership with various teams, including government agencies, providers, and community benefit organizations.
The successful applicant will have the opportunity to play a major role in the HIT enabled transformation of healthcare. Read more about what we do:
CRISP website
The Ever-Shifting Outlook for HIEs Shifts Once Again | Healthcare Innovation (hcinnovationgroup.com)
National Coordinator Micky Tripathi on the Future of HIEs
. Requirements:

Essential duties/responsibilities include the following. Other duties and special project may be assigned.Define scope of new projects or initiativesDevelop documents needed for project (e.g. requirements, statements of work, etc.)Gather requirements from and communicate regularly with stakeholders, including consumer representatives, to ensure business needs are met by implemented solutionsCoordinate/liaise with technical teams to ensure the work is completed on-time and on-budgetCommunicate project status to internal and external stakeholdersUnderstand implications of policy on projects and needed agreements/policy changes

Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, the incumbent must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Required Skills
Strong project management, written and verbal communication skillsA self-starter who works well independentlyAbility to quickly understand technical conceptsAbility to gather requirements and manage priorities (individually and for a team)Ability to prioritize and manage multiple job duties, including personal time management and organization skillsA desire to be great and a track record of setting and achieving goals is required
Preferred Skills
Experience with program management and administrationBasic understanding of health information technology and/or health information exchangeBusiness analysis experience
Education and/or Experience4-year college degree, Master’s Degree Preferred3+ years of work experience, preferably in a healthcare or public health-related field"	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	Great Minds	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Great Minds, a rapidly growing challenger brand in the PK-12 instructional materials space, seeks an experienced IT Project Manager/Scrum Master.

COMPANY PROFILE

Great Minds, a mission driven Public Benefit Corporation, brings teachers and scholars together to craft exemplary instructional materials that inspire joy in teaching and learning. Our English curriculum, Wit & Wisdom®, Eureka Math™ and PhD Science™, all support teachers as they take students beyond rote learning to provide a deeper, more complete understanding of the humanities, mathematics, and the sciences. Founded in 2007, Great Minds now employs more than 900 people.

For additional information please visit: www.greatminds.org

OUR MARKET POSITION

Great Minds’ Eureka Math is the most widely used curriculum in the history of American education. It enjoys an unrivaled 40+ net promoter score. Eureka and its sister products, Wit & Wisdom English and PhD Science, embrace much higher expectations for all students and all teachers. In a market dominated by scripted, procedural materials that drive expectations down, Great Minds produces curricula that celebrate knowledge, respect the craft of teaching, and acknowledge the true capabilities of students.
Reporting to the Associate Director of IT Program Management, the IT Project Manager/Scrum Master plans, directs and coordinates activities for technology projects impacting Great Minds Enterprise Applications and IT Infrastructure. The ideal candidate will have strong technical, analytical and problem-solving skills and be comfortable interacting with all levels of the organization. We are seeking a self-starter, with a bias towards action, who can recognize and make process improvement recommendations. You will also be self-motivated, team-oriented and passionate about technology and bringing a mindset of continuous improvement to the business operations.
The IT Project Manager will work closely with our rapidly-growing IT team, as well as key senior leadership across Sales, Marketing, Finance, and with third-party vendors in planning, coordinating, executing and supporting a number of technology projects and initiatives.

Responsibilities

This individual will be responsible for planning, documenting, managing, and coordinating project activities from initiation through delivery.
Create reports and dashboards within Jira.
Translate technical requirements to high-level project goals.
Directs the work of the project team, including other project managers.
Identifies and deploys resources required for projects.
Functions as escalation to project teams to resolve issues.
Maintains project tools.
Establishes standards and procedures for project reporting and documentation.

Bachelor's Degree in Business, Information Technology, or related field.
Be comfortable and adaptable to the needs of a rapidly growing organization with strong communication skills, work ethic, and a customer service mentality.
5+ years’ technology work experience and 3+ years demonstrated information technology project management work across diverse application areas and technologies.
Experience working in an agile environment, facilitating release planning and project management.
Experience estimating level of effort of development activities, leading daily standups, tracking progress by keeping the sprint backlog up-to-date, and helping to remove impediments.
Working knowledge of Jira or similar project management software.
Excellent time management and organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously with minimal supervision.
Demonstrated ability to set and manage priorities with multiple internal & external customers.
Ability to lead cross functional teams.

Preferred

Project Management Certification and/or Scrum Master Certification.
Education industry experience.

Resume and cover letter required.

Selected candidate will be required to pass a criminal history background check.
Great Minds is an equal opportunity employer. We will extend equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity), national origin, disability, age, genetic information, or any other status protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws. Our policy reflects and affirms the organization’s commitment to the principles of fair employment and the elimination of all discriminatory practices."	11146	Washington
Senior Project Manager, Workforce of the Future (Job ID: 2020-2462)	The Brookings Institution	Washington, DC 20036 (Dupont Circle area)	None	"Overview:

Join one of the most influential, most quoted and most trusted think tanks!
The Brookings Institution is a nonprofit public policy organization based in Washington, DC. Our mission is to conduct in-depth research that leads to new ideas for solving problems facing society at the local, national and global level.
We bring together leading experts in government and academia from all over the world, rooted in open-minded inquiry and representing diverse points of view, who provide the highest quality research, policy recommendations, and analysis. Research topics cover a full range of public policy issues in economics, foreign policy, development, governance and metropolitan policy.
With fair and transparent business practices, clear communication, mutual respect, and a collaborative atmosphere that offers both professional and personal development opportunities, Brookings offers an inclusive and welcoming workplace that values the efforts of all contributors.
The Global Economy and Development program at Brookings aims to shape the policy debate on how to improve global economic cooperation and fight global poverty and sources of social stress.
This is a one-year termed appointment with possibility of extension.
Please note: This position is based in Brookings' Washington, DC office. In response to COVID-19, Brookings staff are temporarily teleworking. The person hired for this position must be willing to move to or currently reside in Washington DC, Maryland, or Northern Virginia.
Responsibilities:

Ready to contribute to Brookings success?
The Workforce of the Future initiative of this program at Brookings is seeking a Senior Project Manager (SPM) to support or conduct new research and inform policy at the intersection of industrial development, worker mobility, and urban growth in times of technological disruption. The SPM will bring a mix of creativity, data analytics, and systematic project management skills. A flexible and entrepreneurial mindset will be essential, always with an eye toward opportunities for innovation and amplifying impact. This project researches the growth and decline of industries and worker transitions at a local level to provide regional policymakers with practical tools and explore well-trodden paths to economic mobility.
The SPM will primarily coordinate engagement with external stakeholders and coordinate with the research team to prioritize and align strategic outputs. The position will add to a team conducting research and building data-driven solutions that help policymakers catalyze worker mobility and inclusive growth, drawing from a variety of fields: network science, industrial organization, labor, and urban economics. The ideal candidate will have management experience and a track record of policy impact. Preference will be given to candidates who have demonstrated expertise in at least one of the following areas: experience in data analytics, econometric techniques, applied research, or policymaking.The successful candidate also has demonstrated expertise in at least one of the following areas:
Regional economic development – industrial specialization and diversification, industrial policy, urban growth, and regional development strategies.
Labor Economics– particularly as it relates to urban policy; experience with wage, skill, occupation or employment datasets in the U.S. or abroad such as O*NET, OES, CPS, NLSY, LEFD, or other public databases.
Workforce development– Adult education, reskilling, public education systems, and job placement services.
Project Management and Strategic Engagement (50%)
Draft and edit core project documents and communications products, including online visualizations, research briefs, blogs, presentations, and funding proposals.Coordinate with internal and external partners to develop a communications strategy for key public-facing products.
Collaborate with the team and coordinate with the Senior Fellow and external partners (e.g., contractors, universities, local governments, multi-stakeholder alliances) to produce and deliver a multi-part online visualization tool.
Develop and maintain digital data management structures to capture relevant project information in support of ongoing programmatic insights and operational learning.
In collaboration with the Senior Fellow and Finance team, lead on estimating project spending and budget compliance, develop terms of reference, and oversee deliverables for all project contracts.
Respond to requests from media, external stakeholders and regional partners for data analysis and research implications.
Identify and coordinate with local leaders to translate research findings into actionable policy recommendations and innovative workforce development interventions.
Identify opportunities for operational and programmatic synergies with other SDG-related activities in Global.
Assist Senior Fellow with presentations, event preparation, and other research-related tasks as needed.
Provide strategic planning support, including drafting sections of project proposals, as needed.
Research and Policy Development (50%)
Engage in advanced study and research on the future of the workforce to understand and map the industrial development paths of U.S. cities, identify opportunities for worker mobility, and inform and asses various policies for inclusive regional development.
Understand levers available to regional stakeholders including policymakers, firms, and workforce development organizations in order to adapt research toward actionability and local relevance.
Iterate with regional stakeholders through focus groups and demonstrations of WoF tools to understand stakeholder needs and their user experience to improve the tools and to guide research outcomes to support that improvement.
Disseminate research findings through the publication of co-authored pieces in various publication outlets such as academic journals, policy reports and briefs, newspapers, and blogs.
Track and monitor current events, policy analysis papers, and government activities as they pertain to the research topic.
Develop research and presentation materials for relevant conferences, seminars, and meetings.
Qualifications:

Ready to make an impact? In this role, you will support Brookings values of collegiality, respect, inclusion, diversity and community, and bring the following qualifications:
Education/Experience Requirements:
Master’s degree in Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Public Policy, Sociology, or related field required. PhDs encouraged to apply. Minimum five years combined experience of policy analysis, research management, project management, and/or program development. Experience conducting empirical and/or qualitative research analysis is a plus. Familiarity with key sources of economic data and core scholarship on urban, labor, or social policy. Proven competence to undertake managerial assignments with little or no supervision. Proven impact record. Demonstrated experience engaging policymakers.
Experience working in multicultural, diverse, professional environments and high level of comfort interfacing on policy issues with senior figures from public institutions, civil society, academia, philanthropy and the private sector are required.
Knowledge/Skills Requirements:
Strong knowledge, work experience, and established interest in network science, industrial organization, labor and urban economics, or global economic development. Demonstrated interest in public policy and strong potential for policy impact. Strong written, research, and oral communications skills required; high functionality in Microsoft Office software package. Proven expertise in economic/statistical software such as R, Stata, SAS, preferred. Must be able to present research work in a cogent style consistent with standards for Brookings and the field. Ability to meet rapid, multiple deadlines in a fast-paced work environment. Ability to work well under pressure with discretion and mature judgment.
Additional Information:
What can we offer you? Brookings provides a generous benefit package that is comprehensive and includes both traditional benefits and unique offerings.
Brookings requires that all applicants submit a cover letter and resume. Please attach your cover letter and resume as one document when you apply. Please note: if you have applied to more than one Brookings job opening you should add a position-specific cover letter as a separate attachment.
Successful completion of a background investigation is required for employment at Brookings.
Brookings welcomes and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We welcome applications that reflect a variety of backgrounds based on ideology, race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, first generation college goers, and other factors protected by law. Brookings is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer that is committed to promoting a diverse and inclusive workplace."	11146	Washington
Project Scheduler	Grant Thornton	Arlington, VA 22209 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Project Scheduler (Job Number: 050744)
Description
Grant Thornton is seeking an Associate to join its Operations Transformation service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities.

Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector.

At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES:

Primary Responsibilities:
Work with multiple project teams to capture, communicate and coordinate schedules of various concurrent initiatives and projects.
Capture project risks, potential for delays, and identify critical path activities to support management oversight of important projects/initiatives
Gathers and analyzes quantitative and qualitative data; identifies relationships, sensitivities, and trends; and develops insights and recommendations based on findings.
Work with users to define concepts and clarify requirements under the direction of project managers.
Contribute to project plans.
Secondary Responsibilities:
Provide means to track/report on schedule and progress on selected projects in the HRM portfolio
Provide logistical support and note-taking tasks in meetings
Conduct research and fact-finding on an ad-hoc basis
Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization).
Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.

Required Capabilities: Business Process Re-engineering
Required Skills: Requirements Elicitation
Required Technologies: Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Project

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree required from an accredited college or university in a related field.

Ability to obtain and maintain certain job-related certifications if no job-related advanced degrees.
U.S. citizenship may be required. Ability to work in the United States indefinitely required.
Travel may be required.
Ability to work overtime required on occasion.
Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time.
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
Ability to communicate clearly in writing and verbally.
Ability to obtain and maintain firm independence and abide by firm ethics requirements.
Meet or exceed continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.

Grant Thornton Public Sector LLC (“Grant Thornton Public Sector”), based in Arlington, VA, is a global management consulting business with the mission of providing responsive and innovative financial, performance management and systems solutions to governments and international organizations. Visit Grant Thornton’s Public Sector at www.grantthornton.com/publicsector.

It is Grant Thornton’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
Primary Location - US-Virginia-Arlington
Work Locations - Metro DC - Arlington(957) 1000 Wilson Blvd. Arlington 22209"	11146	Washington
Assistant Center Operations Manager Capitol Heights, MD	Concentra	Capitol Heights, MD 20743	None	"Overview:

Are you looking for an operations role with a dynamic and growing company?
Concentra is the nation’s largest provider of workplace health services, and we are currently looking for an Assistant Center Operations Director (ACOD) to join our team! In this role, you will assist and support the Center Operations Director with ensuring that the optimal level of care and customer service is delivered to all customers. The ACOD will assist with leading and managing center support staff and handling the daily operations of the medical facility.
In this role, you will help with coordinating center activities, general facility management, advising patient flow throughout the center and supporting the medical providers in the delivery of patient care. You'll have the opportunity for daily interaction with colleagues and patients through hands-on center activity including patient registration, checkout and patient care!

Responsibilities:
Assists in planning and preparing work schedules and assigns colleagues to specific duties.
Assists in ensuring the financial performance of the center.
Assists in developing and maintaining new policies, procedures and training programs for the assigned center.
Assists with hiring, training, and evaluating Center operations colleagues in consultation with Human Resources.
Assists Center Operations Director with the hiring, training, disciplining and terminating of back office personnel.
Assists in the preparation and review of operational reports and schedules to ensure accuracy and efficiency.
Assists Center Operations Director in conjunction with Human Resources in the implementation of Human Resource policies and procedures for Center personnel.
Assists in preparing annual budgets
Assists with on-site tours and training of Center personnel to present clinic services to clients to ensure achievement of established goals.
Provides technical support and/or resources to client and Center personnel.
Assists with managing on-site nursing services provided by Center to client companies, including billing counseling, and supervision of on-site personnel.
Administers testing by medical staff to ensure proper performance, and ensures all certifications are current and regulatory procedures are adhered.
Assists in monitoring marketplace trends and gathers competitive information.
Assists in coordinating and consolidating services with local vendors to obtain best prices for goods and services obtained.
Facilitates productivity and customer service.
Other duties as assigned. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
Qualifications:
High School Diploma or GED equivalent
Some college courses in Business Administration or related field
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration or related field or equivalent directly related work experience preferred
Customarily has at least one or more years of direct management experience
Customarily has at least six months of healthcare experience
Welcoming:
Strong service mentality and a focus on achieving all aspects of defined service standards
Excellent telephone and personal etiquette
Warm, positive, energetic demeanor
Respectful:
Effective oral and written communication skills
Tactful and diplomatic communication style
Outstanding professional demeanor
The ability to properly handle sensitive and confidential information (including HIPAA and PHI) in accordance with federal and state laws and company policies
Skillful:
Working knowledge of principles and practices of personnel recruitment, selection, coaching and other aspects of performance management
Effective performance assessment skills
Continued focus on self-development
Proficient in computer applications such as Word and Excel
Strong organizational skills
Ability to coordinate and prioritize multiple tasks and work on multiple projects/tasks simultaneously in a fast-paced environment without direct supervision
Ability to identify areas of opportunity, develop a plan of action to improve, implement and evaluate plan effectively
Ability to resolve colleague, client and patient issues in an effective and timely manner.
Arithmetic knowledge and its application
Additional Data:
Work is performed in a clinical office environment
Minimal travel (may include overnight) up to 10%
Involves frequent telephone and in-person contact with clients, staff, vendors, consultants, and Management. Requires the ability to work in a fast paced environment, to work a flexible schedule and to effectively resolve conflicts as they arise.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, walk, and stand. Occasional lifting up to 20 pounds. Corrected or normal vision is required in the performance of tasks inherent to office work. Requires moderate typing skills and manual dexterity to operate a keyboard, calculator, telephone, copier, and such other office equipment as necessary. It is necessary to view and type on computer screens for variable periods of time.
BENEFITS SUMMARY:
401(k) with Employer Match
Medical/Vision/Prescription/Dental Plans
Life Insurance/Disability
Paid Time Off/Holidays
Colleague Referral Bonus Program
If you’re looking for an organization that cares for your growth and well-being as much it does its patients, consider Concentra.
This job requires access to confidential and sensitive information, requiring ongoing discretion and secure information management.
Concentra is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability/veterans"	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager FSP	TENICA and Associates LLC	Herndon, VA 20170	None	"ACTIVE TS/SCI with FULL SCOPE POLY CLEARANCE REQUIRED TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION
As IT Project Manager, you will be responsible for providing programmatic and strategic support on team effort.
Responsibilities:
Lead solution strategy through all phases of the project
Plan and monitor results according to approved timeline
Maintain effectiveness and efficiency by defining, delivering, and supporting strategic plans
Recommend information technology strategies, priorities, policies, and procedures by evaluating organization outcomes
Develop and assist in authoring programmatic status updates and documentation
Work closely with IT leadership to ensure solution is in alignment with organizational goals and requirements
Facilitate status meetings and communicate project status updates to stakeholders
Contribute to team effort by accomplishing tasks as needed

Qualifications:
Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor Degree or equivalent experience
5-10 years Project Management Consulting and Information Technology leadership experience in related fields
Top Secret/SCI Government Security Clearance with full scopy poly
Previous U.S. government experience in IT

Requirements/Abilities:
Working knowledge of PMI project management best practices
Experience providing consultation in support of information system project management
Experience executing complex IT projects with complex business and technical impact
Experience collaborating with various stakeholders to ensure that requirements are addressed
Ability to work and closely collaborate with stakeholders
Strong relationship, verbal and written communication, teambuilding, and influencing skills
Must have TS/SCI security clearance

Geographic Location: Herndon, VA
Travel: Minimal

Company Information: TENICAand Associates LLCis a provider of government services and consulting solutions in the areas of national defense, homeland and cyber security. TENICA provides knowledgeable and experienced subject matter experts to perform a variety of professional services, logistics and supply chain management, crisis prevention and response, and information technology solutions to solve dynamic security challenges. Founded in 2008 and based in Chantilly, Virginia, TENICA is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, Small Business (SDVOB and WOSB) and is a participant in the Small Business Administration’s 8(a) business development program. www.TENICA.biz.
TENICA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability."	11146	Washington
EQUIPMENT OPERATOR (MULTIPLE VACANCIES)	Arlington County, VA	Arlington, VA	$50,170 - $80,475 a year	"Position Information
Arlington County's Department of Environmental Services (DES) is seeking experienced Equipment Operators to be responsible for driving and operating heavy construction equipment to support the Concrete Maintenance Section. The Concrete Maintenance Section builds, maintains and repairs the County's streets, curbs, sidewalks, ramps and bus stops. This employee will operate a backhoe, bobcat, and other specialized equipment as part of the Asphalt Maintenance Team for the Water, Sewer, and Streets (WSS) Bureau.

Specific duties include:
Operating a backhoe, skid steer's and/or crane truck to excavate trenches and holes, assisting in moving materials and equipment, and grading surfaces for construction;
Operating related equipment to assist in the construction and/or maintenance of public works projects;
Loading and operating various size trucks such as Medium (6 axle) and Tandem (10 axle) Dump Trucks;
Driving and operating other equipment associated with construction maintenance such as asphalt rollers (walk behind and riding) asphalt/concrete saws (power and walk behind);
Performing routine, preventive, and emergency maintenance on equipment; and
Performing other duties as assigned and receives supervision from a Crew Leader and/or Trades Manager/Leader.
The successful employee will be safety-oriented, a team player, with excellent communication skills and demonstrated experience operating equipment as described.
Selection Criteria
Note: This recruitment may be used to fill additional comparable vacancies within any WSS section of the Department of Environmental Services.

Minimum:
High school diploma/GED;
Considerable experience in public works, construction, or another trades vocation that demonstrates the ability to perform semi-skilled to skilled manual maintenance and/or construction; and
One (1) year of experience operating heavy/specialized equipment such as concrete trucks, medium and tandem dump trucks, crane trucks, front-end loaders, or asphalt rollers, asphalt/concrete saws, skid steers and forklifts and/or other specialized equipment.
Commercial driver's license (CDL) required.

Substitution: Additional qualifying experience may be substituted for the education requirement on a year for year basis.

Desirable: Preference may be given to candidates with one or more of the following:

Two years of experience operating a backhoe and/or similar equipment;
Experience performing preventive maintenance on equipment;
Experience operating specialized equipment;
Experience using a computerized maintenance management system (CMMS); and
Field construction experience with reading/interpreting plans, cut sheets, etc.
Special Requirements

Applicant must possess a Class B or A commercial driver's license (CDL).
Applicant must possess or be able to obtain within one year of date of hire, a valid Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) Basic Work Zone Certification.
The applicant must authorize Arlington County to obtain, or the applicant must provide a copy of the applicant's official state/district driving record.
Any offer of employment will be contingent upon a favorable review of the applicant's driving record and successfully passing a pre-employment drug screening and alcohol breath test as required by applicable standards.
Once hired, the employee will be subject to drug screening at such times during employment as required by federal, state, and local standards and regulations.
Applicant must provide written consent for Arlington County to obtain from previous employer's information required by DOT agency regulations concerning drug and alcohol testing information.
Candidates invited for interview may be asked to participate in skills testing involving the operation of equipment.
Additional special licensure, certifications, and/or endorsements may be required depending on area of assignment.

WORK ENVIRONMENT

Work is generally performed outdoors and in all types of weather conditions and often in proximity to moving mechanical parts, moving vehicles, electrical current and exposure to high heat, chemicals, and/or biohazardous waste. The work environment may include exposure to fumes, odors, mists, loud noises, gases or poor ventilation, oils, and other cutting fluids and includes extended periods of standing, crouching, bending, lifting, stooping, pushing, pulling, or carrying light to very heavy objects and equipment. Ability to exert up to 100 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 50 pounds of force frequently, and/or up to 20 pounds of force constantly to move objects.

SAFETY

Requires learning and following all safety rules and regulations pertaining to job functions which includes attending all required safety classes and meetings in order to ensure a safe working environment and that team members are practicing the required safety rules and regulations.
Additional Information
Work Hours: 6:30 a.m. - 3:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Must be available for stand-by and other emergencies such as snow removal operations. Occasional overtime is required.

Salary listed above is the salary range effective July 1, 2021.

The official title of this position is Water/Sewer/Streets (WSS) Equipment Operator.

Please complete each section of the application. A resume may be attached; however, it will not substitute for the completed application. Your responses to the supplemental questionnaire are considered part of the selection process and are required for this position. Incomplete applications will not be considered."	11146	Washington
PROJECT MANAGER – IT MODERNIZATION	RJM Technologies, Inc.	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	$100,000 - $150,000 a year	Our client, a fast-growing IT consulting firm to government and industry, seeks a hands-on IT Project Manager to support one of our federal civilian clients with a large-scale IT Modernization program.? The Project Manager will oversee workstreams for Cloud, Cybersecurity, Service Management, Capital Planning and others within an Agile methodology. The ideal candidate will be a seasoned entrepreneurial Project Manager with Federal Government experience providing overall program management including client executive relationship management, team member coordination, and technology roadmap planning and implementation.RESPONSIBILITIESCoordinate activities across disparate teams to deliver successful outcomes for stakeholders.Lead the engineering projects and deployment of technical solutions.Develop and maintains relationships and partnerships with stakeholders, peers, vendors and partners.Lead large programs using an Agile management approach.Facilitate stakeholder collaboration across multiple organizations/divisions within the client organization.Provide oversight to ensure the project’s approach and deliverables comply with customer, company, quality, industry, and regulatory requirements.Facilitate regular project reviews with staff and leadership to ensure consistent reporting and visibility of progress.Support staff in resolving or removing roadblocks to programs and projects.Build strategic cross-functional and cross-organizational partnerships and alliances with stakeholders, peers and direct reports to resolve problems, improve processes or achieve goals.Create a culture of continuous improvement by communicating/deploying enterprise best practices and team engagement to improve cost, quality, delivery, job satisfaction and client satisfaction.Create demand for IT modernization efforts through client interactions, prominence, and personal connections.QUALIFICATIONSBachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience performing Information Technology-related Program and Project Management within the Federal Government.Experience leading IT modernization workstreams in Cloud migration, Cybersecurity, ITSM in an Agile methodology.Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.Experience as a trusted advisor to stakeholders / customers, including executive-level.Experience developing and maintaining executive relationships and communications.Experience leading organizational change management activities to adopt improved technologies and processes.Experience implementing project management best practices among project team, including project managers, technical leads, and business analysts.Experience leading a team of highly technical engineers, establishing and socializing the technology roadmap throughout the organization.US Citizenship is required.Job Type: Full-timePay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayExperience:IT Modernization Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11146	Washington
Network Technician	Amazon Data Services, Inc.	Sterling, VA	None	"
Must be at least 18 years old
High School diploma or equivalent
2+ years of success in any two of the following IT roles (Computer Hardware Repair, Infrastructure Cabling, Network Deployment, Data Center Operations, Technical Project Management)

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is looking for a Network Technician to join our growing team within infrastructure operations. You will work in a dynamic environment to drive the stability and sustainability of our next-generation networks and assist in the development of innovative ways to automate and scale our network.

The position's responsibilities include scaling support of several data center locations and day to day assistance with capacity management. Our ideal candidate is sufficiently autonomous, detail oriented, possesses strong written and verbal communication skills and has some experience in supporting large scale, enterprise class networks. Network implementation and troubleshooting skills combined with a proven documentation methodology is also a requirement.

You will leverage your experience supporting large scale, enterprise class networks as well as network implementation and troubleshooting. As a Network Technician you will work in a fast paced, collaborative environment with regular peer and customer interaction. In addition to providing management and support of Amazon Web Services vast network infrastructure, Network Technicians establish and follow best practices and refine operational procedures.

Logical access to the AWS GovCloud region will be restricted to Amazon employees who are U.S. Citizens. (GovCloud may NOT be accessed from outside of the United States)

Daily responsibilities include:

Participate in the migration, basic configuration and rollout of new or upgraded hardware.
Manage work and priorities through ticketing system and workflows to complete customer requests and projects.
Work closely with our Network Engineering & Network Technical Project Manager teams to ensure fast, smooth rollout of established designs and products.
Troubleshoot networking, routing and inter connectivity issues, including troubleshooting of network device configuration and low level application interaction.
Up to 20% travel within geographical work area may be required. Some travel outside traditional work area may be requested, including internationally.
Troubleshooting cabling infrastructure connectivity issues, including patch panels and patch cords.

Physical requirements

Any physical requirements are expectations with reasonable accommodations.


The ability to sit in front of computer for entire scheduled 8-hour shift with appropriate breaks while maintaining a high level of alertness and attention to detail
Regularly lift and/or move up to 40 pounds; and participate in group lifts for 41 pounds or more
Walk job sites in uneven terrain
Work safely at heights and from ladders
AS/BS in Computer Science; or Certification in a relevant field (CCENT, Network+, CCNA) and up to 2 years of Network Deployment experience; or an equivalent combination of education and experience
General comprehension of the various components and sub-components of data center infrastructure. Excellent judgement and analytical skills, ability to prioritize tasks based on fluctuating needs
Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, and participating in professional organizations
Knowledge of major Command Line Protocols (Cisco IOS, JunOS, GNU/Linux) and common Networking Protocols (BGP, OSPF)
Experience with cabling infrastructure best practices and methodologies
Strong diagnostic and problem-solving skills
Knowledge of network cabling, optic types, and test equipment, such as VFL, power meter, and OTDR
Good understanding of infrastructure technologies, including Routers, Switches, Load Balancers and Firewalls at the enterprise level
Experience with medium to large, complex project scopes and ambiguous details within work environment
3-5 years IT support experience
Ability to perform strategy planning
Background in large scale datacenter network implementations and support
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age

"	11146	Washington
Project Manager	Parsons	Washington, DC	None	"Minimum Clearance Required to Start:
Not Applicable/None
Job Description:
Ready to put your project management skills to work on complex, urban projects? Are you great with people and have a track record working with teams to get the job done?

Parsons is now hiring a Field Project Manager with a desire to work on creating innovative, practical solutions while acting as a client representative. In this role you will: manage all onsite activities for a small project, or a subtask of a larger project, in accordance with the project schedule. This includes directing and coordinating subcontractor activities in accordance with project/client procedures, scope of work, and contract specifications. Serves as the primary point of contact with the client for all site activities related to assigned area(s) of responsibility. Willingness to relocate to job site is expected. Parsons extensive experience in this field, combined with your experience as a client rep at a field level will propel your career and leadership opportunities forward. We need our Field Project Managers to be versatile, enthusiastic to work in highly flexible, team oriented environments that have exceptional communication, analytical and organizational skills

Responsibilities:
Collaborates with Project Manager to establish project schedule and budget, and monitors progress in meeting schedule and budget requirements.
Develops project documents, processes, and procedures required to support quality control and final project deliverables.
Collaborates with Project Manager to determine number of hours required for successful completion of project tasks.
Anticipates project staffing needs, identifies and interviews available personnel, and makes staffing assignments in accordance with schedule requirements.
Establishes objectives and conducts performance appraisals for direct reports.
Establishes a project safety plan and ensures that it is communicated to all employees on the job site.
Actively promotes and supports safety policies and monitors the job site for good safety practices.
Posts all required legal notices at the job site.
Establishes site security measures and monitors site access by subcontractors and others.
Chairs weekly job meetings; prepares and submits summary of project progress and pending issues to Project Manager.
Submits monthly reports to client, and responds to client issues and expectations.
Assists Project Manager in pricing and negotiating changes to the scope of work with the client and subcontractors.
Reviews bid documents and assists with bidder solicitation activities.
Documents and executes changes in scope of project.
Anticipates problems and works with client, architects/engineers, subcontractors, and Project Manager to identify and implement corrective actions.
Keeps client and Project Manager informed of the day to day activities of the project.
Maintains accurate documentation of job progress through daily logs and other reports.
Performs other responsibilities associated with this position as may be appropriate.
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a technical or construction related field (or equivalent experience)
10+ years related work experience is required
3 years in a leadership role at a field site
Enrollment in PM certification program is preferred, but not required.
Proven ability to perform in a lead capacity
Excellent written and oral communications skills
Familiarity of industry practices and regulations are required
*** This position is contingent upon contract modification and release of funds. ***"	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager (Data Project Management Support), Senior	TRIAEM, LLC	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"IT Project Manager (Data Project Management Support), Senior

What your Responsibilities will look like:

Create, monitor, and maintain Data governance portal, surveys, distribution groups, email inbox, visualization and dashboard for all for Data Governance Council (DGC) and Data Governance Steering Committee (DGSC) activities, (CDRL D015)
Manage and Create agenda for DGC and DGSC
Conduct and Host the DGC and DGSC meetings with the CDO and DCDO
Maintain knowledge and socialize new data pipelines in the Enterprise data architect to the DGC for prioritization and appropriate actions
Ensure agenda is followed and adhered to, record and distribute meeting minutes, manage communications through active engagements with participations verbally and electronically
Support administrative activities related to the DGC and DGSC meetings and working groups
Manage and host Special data sessions for crisis response and critical mission needs
Reach out to all the participants via Email
Communicate to the correct Data Stewards and KC’s Data Engineers to ensure understanding and implementation of data decisions
Proactively reach out to the Data Stewards and Data consumers or producers and look to enhance the customer experience
Create and add to current Data Metrics and monitor maturity against the established metrics
Measure Data Governance effectiveness against established metrics and create, update, and alter additional metrics to enhance data governance efficacy
Communicate metrics alignment and compliance to NGA DGSC


Skills and Experience:

Required:

Bachelor’s degree in Business Management, Business Information Management, or relevant field
Knowledge of DLM workflows
At least 2 years’ experience working within data centric missions
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively interact with individuals at all levels of responsibility and authority
At least 5 years’ experience using MS Office software applications
At least 3 years’ experience managing content on ShareP oint

Desired:

Microsoft SharePoint Certification 2013 or higher
Excellent organizational and leadership skills
Familiarity with office management procedures and basic accounting principles
Experience as an Office Administrator, Office Assistant, or relevant role
Experience with Collibra, Informatica, or related data governance tools

Clearance Requirement

TS/SCI is required TS/SCI w. CI Poly preferred

Location:

Springfield, VA"	11146	Washington
Assistant Manager, Endowment Giving	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts	Washington, DC 20566 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"About The Kennedy Center

“I am certain that after the dust of centuries has passed over our cities, we, too, will be remembered not for victories or defeats in battle or in politics, but for our contribution to the human spirit.” – President John F. Kennedy

The Kennedy Center is the nation’s cultural center and living memorial to President John F. Kennedy. Located on the banks of the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., the Center presents performances across all genres, and is also home to artistic affiliates Washington National Opera and National Symphony Orchestra.

Mission Statement: As the nation's performing arts center, and a living memorial to President John F. Kennedy, we are a leader for the arts across America and around the world, reaching and connecting with artists, inspiring and educating communities. We welcome all to create, experience, learn about, and engage with the arts.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

The Kennedy Center is a welcoming and inclusive culture where everyone benefits - we do it in a way that honors everyone’s humanity. We are able to advance our mission because of committed and passionate employees. We are fortunate to be able to leverage their diverse perspectives, life experiences and skills to inform how our workplace can be a safe, transparent, and replenishing community. Through honest discussion, our focus on DEI, and the creation of a D&I council, we are committed to always being the best versions of ourselves.

Job Description

The Assistant Manager of Endowment Giving is an integral member of the Planned Giving & Endowments team. Working under the Manager of Planned Giving & Endowments, the Assistant Manager will help lead the department’s endowment fundraising through research, cultivation, acquisition, stewardship and assisting in the management of the Kennedy Center’s Legacy Societies while assisting with the stewardship of the Kennedy Center’s Legacy Society members.

What success looks like in this role:

After 60 days, this role will be familiar with the Kennedy Center’s endowment fundraising strategy and operations, the key colleagues and partners in this work, and the database function and reports by which this work is measured.

After 120 days, this role will be proactively building the endowment pipeline, accurately tracking progress toward financial goals, and stewarding donors/prospects, and actively soliciting gifts.

Duties and Responsibilities

50% Fundraising Portfolio – Manage an individual portfolio of donors & prospects

Portfolio management for donors & prospects to the Kennedy Center’s endowment impact funds via direct contact through phone, email, in-person visits and off-site events and local travel.
Ensure prompt and appropriate donor stewardship by overseeing the correct gift entry, acknowledgements, tax receipts, and database tracking.
In collaboration with Development Communications team, ensure accurate creation and implementation of endowment solicitation materials such as one-pagers, proposals, presentations, and brochures.
Research and building endowment support pipeline working with other frontline fundraisers and the strategy and special projects team.

30% Campaign Implementation – Support the Manager in all aspects of endowment campaigns.

Assist in cross-team portfolio reviews by serving as a knowledgeable resource for endowment fundraising.
Ensure accurate tracking and moves-management towards the goals of each impact fund of the endowment.
Assist Manager in identifying new endowment opportunities, impact fund creation, or other restricted endowment gifts.

10% Planned Giving Support – Support the operations of the Office of Planned Giving

Assist team colleagues in providing donor stewardship responding to incoming phone, email, and physical mail.
Assist in major planned giving events, gatherings, and other planned giving duties as assigned.

10% Events, Travel, and Meetings

Assist in developing donor engagement opportunities including small cultivation gatherings, events, and donor benefits.
Proactively engage portfolio donors through formal and informal engagement opportunities.

N/A Responds to the needs and requests of Kennedy Center management and staff in a professional and expedient manner; Adheres to all employer policies and procedures.

N/A Other duties as assigned.

Key Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree
2-3 years of development or related experience required
Experience working with database software
Excellent application of moves management tracking

Skills & Knowledge Qualifications

Major gifts fundraising experience is ideal
Tessitura database experience a benefit
Working knowledge of the performing arts

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate in person and on the telephone. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel in order to operate computer keyboard, office equipment, and other essential tasks. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand, walk, bend, stoop, crouch, and reach with hands and arms. This position infrequently lifts, carries, or otherwise moves and positions objects weighing up to 25 pounds.

Benefits

We offer a comprehensive range of benefits to all full-time employees including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Time Off, Paid Sick Leave, and a 403(b) Retirement Plan"	11146	Washington
Project Schedule Controller	Customer Value Partners, Inc	Bethesda, MD	None	"Overview:

CVP is seeking a Project Schedule Controller in support of our federal healthcare client who is an essential service provider to the “research enterprise” of the world’s foremost and largest cancer research entity. This is a mature organization that effectively and efficiently serves scientific computing and informatics support needs of NIH. Our team will consist of SME’s with deep expertise in health and biomedical IT and informatics services, as well as clinical and biomedical research experience.
Responsibilities:
Develop implementation of plans and strategies for the integration of day-to-day and long-range projects, actions, and activities.
Work with Project Managers in the development and assembly of contractual documents and process through to document execution.
Analyze program performance data to identify issues and make recommendations for improvement.
Provide organizational and technical support to program staff during projects.
Assist the control team with planning, developing, maintaining, and monitoring integrated reporting systems.
Assist with timesheet and billing reconciliations, invoice preparation, report preparation, and control team action items.
Input and manage large and complex datasets while communicating information necessary to management to ensure the program and project performance.
Create and maintain excel spreadsheets containing complex and sensitive data.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in business, computer science, engineering or related field.
2+ year proficiency in Windows PC environment, including Microsoft office applications and google docs with strong analytical skills.
Must meet all requirements for obtaining and maintaining a Public Trust Clearance.
Desired Skills
Possess knowledge, expertise, and experience in supporting biomedical and/or research information technology and informatics.
Knowledge and experience with NIH processes, procedures, technologies, and applications are a strength.
Possess leadership/managerial experience.
About CVP
Customer Value Partners (CVP) is an award-winning business and next-gen technology consulting company that helps organizations navigate disruption and prepare for a culture of Continuous Change. We solve critical problems for healthcare, national security, and public sector clients through innovative strategies and solutions which leverage technologies and industry expertise in areas including Technology Modernization, Health, Data Science & Engineering, Business Transformation, and Cybersecurity. CVP delivers unparalleled excellence to clients and employees through our strong culture of integrity, engagement, respect, and a passion for our clients’ missions.
Customer Value Partners, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor and an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability. Customer Value Partners seeks to provide employment opportunities for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities."	11146	Washington
Business Operations Project Specialist	BAE Systems	Reston, VA 20190 (Sunset Hills area)	None	"GXP is a dynamic program that offers a great working atmosphere in a fast-paced, exciting environment and is looking for a Business Operations Project Specialist to join our amazing team.

The qualified candidate will be part of Business Operations, an enthusiastic and highly productive team where each employee has the opportunity to grow their skills while working on a variety of projects. This Business Operations opening is in the Reston, VA facility and offers a flexible 9/80 work schedule with every other Friday off.
This position is an integral member of the team and requires independent thinking, self-managing and the ability to work closely with other BAE organizations such as Security, Export Compliance and IT. The successful candidate will accurately interpret and adapt guidelines, written policies, precedents and practices in a highly dynamic workplace environment.
GXP Business Operations Project Specialist responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following tasks:
Fulfillment of Customer software shipments to ensure customer satisfaction. This includes coordinating with customers, GXP sales, customer support, and BAE Security; managing media requirements; utilizing Salesforce; and processing shipments.
Customer Training Class support. This includes managing customer registrations; coordination between customers, GXP trainers, the GXP training manager and BAE Security; production of training materials; and general classroom support.
Event Tradeshow shipping and equipment inventory management.
Business Operations vendor coordination and management.
Additional administrative project responsibilities associated with business operations as assigned.
Please note that pursuant to a government contract, this specific position requires US citizenship status.

Required Education, Experience, & Skills

Required Education
Bachelor’s Degree or experience in lieu of.
Required Skills
Eligible for Security Clearance. Paperwork must be submitted within 30 days of hire date.
Microsoft Office Suite
Strong organizational skills to organize and prioritize multiple project tasks on a daily basis.
Exceptional attention to details.
Strong customer service and communication skills both verbally and written.
Strong teaming and collaboration skills that foster office unity and cohesiveness in support of program missions.

Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills

SECRET Clearance preferred
Salesforce experience preferred

About BAE Systems Electronic Systems

BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it’s what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts – defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team—making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you’ll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference. Electronic Systems (ES) is the global innovator behind BAE Systems’ game-changing defense and commercial electronics. Exploiting every electron, we push the limits of what is possible, giving our customers the edge and our employees opportunities to change the world. Our products and capabilities can be found everywhere – from the depths of the ocean to the far reaches of space. At our core are more than 14,000 highly talented Electronic Systems employees with the brightest minds in the industry, we make an impact – for our customers and the communities we serve. At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We’re laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues."	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager	Binary Blue	Rockville, MD	None	"IT Project Manager Share
Job Tracking ID : 513064-760054
Job Level : Management
Level of Education : BA/BS
Job Type : Full-Time/Regular
Date Updated : 02/18/2021
Years of Experience : 5 - 7 Years
Starting Date : 04/01/2021
Job Description

Binary Blue is seeking a Project Manager to support our client’s initiative with Enterprise Permitting Solution, automation, and documentation efforts. Binary Blue team will report directly to the Chief of Information Technology Services.

Responsible for ensuring work performed under Task Order is within scope, consistent with requirements, and delivered on-time and on budget. Identifies critical paths, task, dates, testing and acceptance criteria. Monitor issues and provides resolutions for weekly senior management status reports.

This position also requires the ability to quickly learn new applications, processes, and system-based steps in order to effectively present project dashboards/materials in a clear format according to user role(s). Further, candidate will partner with the Change Manager, Change Management staff and other business partners to develop and facilitate project meetings.

Candidate will be responsible for, but not limited to, the following:

IT Project Management and understanding of business and technical objectives
Manage project scope, creates and implement communication plans
Communicate to client/vendors, stakeholder, system owner and project sponsor
Establishes project plan, creates project charter, work plan, schedule and milestone
You will be working alongside with our client to facilitate knowledge transfer.
Create visually clear and impactful project documentation
Collaborate with functional subject matter experts to design strategic communications, internal marketing, and training materials
Manage stakeholder expectations and encourage positive behaviors in response to operational and organizational change
Manage multiple priorities simultaneously; Deliver high quality, thoughtful Change Management products with little guidance and within short time frames
Assess operational and organizations needs through interviews, surveys, and focus groups to identify gaps and align related strategic initiatives to the County Executives’ objectives and mission
Develop organizational metrics to baseline and measure success over time in conjunction with stakeholders
Establish strong and credible relationship with management and employees to successfully build trust, collaboration and integrity
Demonstrate experience and knowledge of principles, practices, and systems of organizational design, change management, and organizational development
Experience and Skills

At least 5 years of demonstrated project management experience at State or Federal agencies

Ability to work independently and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment with multiple and changing priorities.
Strong communication skills at all levels of management
Demonstrated consensus/coalition building with stakeholders, management, and employees at all levels in the organization
Experience in developing and designing training curriculum, job aides, training material utilizing multimedia tools such as Adobe Captivate, Camtasia, Word, PowerPoint, and other web-based tools

Additionally, to be successful the candidate(s) will:
Work well in a changing environment and maintain a strong positive perspective
Display a strong organizational commitment and interpersonal skills
Display teamwork within a process driven environment
Back to job search"	11146	Washington
Hazardous Area Construction Manager - Project Manager	Vectrus	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:

Hazardous Area Construction Manager/Project Manager Senior (Hazardous Area CM/PM-FP.) leads, manages, and supervises a multi-functional team of subject matter experts, HVAC technicians, allied tradesmen, plumbers, electricians, carpenters, janitors, welders, grounds maintenance personnel. The Hazardous Area CM/PM-FP advises and assists the customer in all aspects of project planning, design-build, construction,), project deactivation, including supporting site operational and maintenance (O&M) as well as workforce mobilization and demobilization. The Hazardous Area CM/PM-FP is responsible for developing construction documents and specifications; evaluation of bids; reviewing of shop drawings and submittals; conducting site inspections and quality assurance; evaluating project modifications and change orders; and validating accomplishment of work claimed on invoices for partial payments. These tasks may include, but not limited to coordinating and assisting third party construction firm(s) in such a manner as to ensure project success, to include being on-budget, on-time, within scope, with an acceptable level of quality given the project requirements and the environment.
Responsibilities:
MAJOR JOB ACTIVITIES: 100%.
Provide Hazardous Area CM/PM-FP. services for OCONUS hazardous areas to include high and elevated risk areas
Responsible for managing multiple projects simultaneously and adjusting priorities as required
Coordinate and assist third party construction firm(s) in such a manner as to ensure project success, to include being on-budget, on-time, within scope, with an acceptable level of quality given the project requirements and the environment
Coordinate construction activities between all disciplines (architectural, mechanical, electrical, safety, security, logistics, communication) and any other project related functions
Manage the Integrated Project Team (IPT), which may include security, logistics, telephone, computer system, contracts, facility support officer and construction personnel
Provide weekly status reports of the project and of any/all support required from other locations
Coordinate and assist site development, cast-in-place concrete construction, electrical power generation plants and distribution systems, expedient field construction techniques, building systems and oversight of compound construction
Assist the Government in all aspects of project planning, design, construction, O&M, and deactivation to include development of construction documents and specifications; evaluation of bids; reviewing of shop drawings and submittals; site inspections and quality assurance; evaluation of project modifications and change orders; and validating accomplishment of work claimed on invoices for partial payments
Assist in developing Statement of Work (SOW) requirements
Ensure that the project adheres to established SOW requirements, schedules and budgets
Maintain daily project log, document all activities related to the project including changes in the SOW, schedule deviation and cost impacts
Maintain close communication with the Customer to ensure their satisfaction through project completion
Assist in performing drawing reviews, conducting site surveys, reviewing change orders, contractor oversight, quality assurance, final project acceptance and assisting with approval final project approvals
Coordinate with all Government stakeholders (i.e. Management, Security, Utility Outages Transportation/Logistics, Communications/IT)
MATERIAL & EQUIPMENT DIRECTLY USED:
 Laptop and desk computer.
Individual Protective Equipment (i.e., Hardhat,Steel Toed Boots, Safety Glasses, Work Gloves, Hearing Protection, etc.
Organizational Clothing and Individual Equipment
Be licensed and able to drive a manual transmission non-tactical vehicle (SUV, pickup truck/9 passenger van).
US Government leased, owned, and rented vehicles.
Valid, current U.S. Passport
Valid, current U.S. Drivers License
WORKING ENVIRONMENT:
Travel to and through out various OCONUS locations, often to remote, austere, remote permissive, non-permissive environments.
Work in an operationally-sensitive environment
Perform tasks outside during any weather condition for long periods of time.
Operate standard office equipment, such as a computer, copy machine and printer.
Function in an office environment in a stationary position approximately 50 percent of the time or more.
Work well in team environments including demonstrate the ability to function independently with minimal supervision.
Function not only in an office environment in a stationary position approximately 50 percent of the time or more, but also work in austere, remote or non-remote permissive and non-permissive environments.
Develop and build relationships with logistics management counterparts within parent organization as well as with external organizations facilitating the coordination of various logistical support projects.
PHYSICAL ACTIVITIES:
Able to lift twenty-five percent (25%) of his/her body weight over his/her head

Qualifications:

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Education:
Bachelors degree in any field; high school, vocational school, or trade school diploma and five (5) years work experience in a similar field may be substituted for degree requirement
Certifications:
Must have Valid U.S. Drivers and be able to obtain an International Drivers License
Must have a valid U.S. Passport
Be licensed and able to drive a manual transmission non-tactical vehicle (SUV,pickup truck/9 passenger van).
Pass customer specific training and certifications.
Project Management Professional (PMP) desired
Professional Engineer (PE) certification desired
Travel:
Must be worldwide deployable, often to remote, austere permissive and non-permissive environments
 Clearance:
Must have an current, adjudicated, and active TS/SCI security clearance with Poly
Experience:
 Five (5) years of experience in overseas construction management
One (1) year of OCONUS experience with local contractors and labor forces (may be cumulative over several projects/deployments)
Six (6) months of experience working in a Government-designated war zone (may be cumulative over several projects/deployments)
Skills:
Possess knowledge, skills and abilities, including experience in deployed expeditionary support services, at minimum, in areas of logistics management, logistics planning, facility management, supply, transportation, traffic management, vehicle maintenance, facility maintenance, facility management, warehouse management, janitorial support services, etc.
Specialized knowledge, skills and abilities experience in facility Operations and Maintenance (O&M) support services with general carpentry and/or general construction skills performing and/or managing base or compound O&M support services
SUPERVISORY/BUDGET RESPONSIBILITIES:
Lead, manage, and supervise a multi-functional team of HVAC technicians, plumbers, electricians, carpenters, janitors, grounds maintenance personnel, etc.
Advise and assist Client with planning, programming, budgeting, and executing organizational compound expeditionary O&M support services requirements.
Serve as team lead on single or multiple projects
 We are committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace that values and supports the contributions of each individual. This commitment along with our common Vision and Values of Integrity, Respect, and Responsibility, allows us to leverage differences, encourage innovation and expand our success in the global marketplace. Vectrus is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability. EOE/Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran.
#CJJOBZ"	11146	Washington
Project Manager (Web & Digital)	Taoti	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	Taoti Creative is looking for a mid- to senior level, PROJECT MANAGER* to manage web & digital projects.*_(Sorry in advance for the long read. But this is your career we’re talking about here! It’s worth the extra detail, right? The right fit is critical for both of our sakes, so please forgive us in advance for the verbosity.)_*Now, about the job…*Your job, fundamentally, is to be the project leader and use your wits, brains, creativity, innovation, and any resources available to you to produce great projects and happy clients. You’re the project’s champion who makes it happen. Granted, every project has issues. Maybe that new sales guy undersold it. Maybe the dev team spent all their time watching webinars on how to code instead of actually coding. Maybe the client is simply impossible. Whatever the challenges, it’s your job to deal with the curveballs. (Which is not to say that you have to be responsible for fixing all of them. Some things are beyond your control. But as they say: you need the serenity to accept the things you cannot change, the courage to change the things you can, and the wisdom to know the difference.) There is of course all the typical PM stuff… scopes, schedules, budgets, client communications, etc. These are underappreciated, but important parts of the job. But the PM role at Taoti is far more strategic than at most agencies. Our PMs are the project heroes—the people who dig in, call the plays, and then oversee execution. You have a lot of control of the destiny of the project. You have a lot (some would argue too much) autonomy to just figure things out as you see best using our three core principles as your guiding light: Quality, Innovation, Service and Teamwork. You have access to a “QIST Fund” to do stuff that is ‘out of scope’ but helps move the needle for our clients. That is to say, while you do have dedicated designers and strategists on your team, there’s still the smaller, every day decisions that govern how the project go. Those calls are yours to make. And those are critical… like raising a kid, success doesn’t come in big milestone moments with a lot of fanfare. But constant attention, slight corrective actions, and ongoing encouragement—that’s how you succeed.*Note: * this role is for a full time position, but we are happy to consider applicants anywhere in the United States.*The challenges of this role…*Taoti puts out creative work that can go head to head with the biggest and best creative agencies in the world. But we’re doing so with a ~70 person team. So we need to be lean, efficient, and leverage our inner scrappiness to get the job done with fewer resources than what some of the big boys would throw at a project. So that often means wearing multiple hats and pitching in with production resources like UX, creative, IA, devs, etc. We’re not saying you have to be creating designs or banging out code. But you will have a lot of direct exposure to a lot of that stuff, and you’ll learn a lot about those trades—to the point where you can start thinking like some of them. And that’s a good thing.*Is there room for career growth?*That’s one of the best parts about this role, specifically at Taoti. In a larger shop, the project management hierarchy is usually large, layered, and not-so-flexible. Or at a smaller shop, you may have lots of flexibility, but not enough of a team to really benefit from true collaboration. Taoti is the Goldilocks of creative agencies. We have enough structure so that you understand what the team looks like and where you fit in. But we’re small and agile enough to let employees carve out new roles and niches where it makes sense to do so. Our teams and roles are constantly evolving as the team grows, so if you want to grow into a role that doesn’t exist, you can help create it! Our growth rate alone (targeted at 50% this year) means that the team will keep growing, which means we’ll be hiring additional people across all departments. And our hiring philosophy is all about hiring the next wave of employees that best supports the existing team. In other words, we grow the team around what we already have—not according to some org chart or spreadsheet. So career paths are not rigid and finite. We have a history of shaking things up, making rather bold HR moves, and adapting our hiring processes (as well as the roles of our existing employees) in a way that makes strategic sense for the employee and the company. For example, our VP of sales is now in charge of delivery. A previous creative director ended up mostly in sales. And we’ve created all sorts of new roles for new hires for positions that didn’t exist before, in some cases, creating whole new realms within our team structure. The point is that we’re committed to doing whatever makes the most sense and are agile enough to get away with it. So your career trajectory has far more to do with your own aptitude and initiative than it does with an org chart or who’s above you.*Tips for getting onto the short list…*Stand out. When you apply, make an impression.Even though we’re a full service agency, we do more than our fair share of web development. So experience with Drupal and/or Wordpress is a HUGE plus. If you’ve got it, tell us about it!Show—don’t tell—us how great you are.We can tell a lot by the documents someone creates. Doesn’t matter what it is, but we’d love to see some documents you’ve put together.Talk to us about your favorite tools.Give us some insight into your general PM philosophies.Tell us why you want to work at Taoti, specifically. And what was wrong with your last gig that makes you want to leave?Show us your passion and energy. We like passion and energy.First, a quick blurb about Taoti…Established in 1996, Taoti Creative is a boutique, full-service creative agency located on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC. We are privately owned and have no corporate overloads (nothing personal, WPP.) We do stuff like web development, social media management, branding, experiential marketing, video, AR/VR, etc. Our mission is to ‘move the needle’ for our clients. We leverage technology, creativity, and innovation to generate meaningful and measurable results for our clients—that’s what drives us. Speaking of clients, they’re about 60% non-profits, 20% commercial, and 20% federal government. Some of our customers include World Bank, USAID, DC Water, Discovery Education, American Chemical Society, Jane Goodall Foundation, and dozens of ‘National Association of _____________,’ etc. Our full time team of about 75 employees is about 65% in-house and 35% remote. We hail from over 15 countries. And for the last four years in a row, we’ve made the Inc5000 list of fastest growing companies in the United States. There’s of course plenty of additional information on our website. If you’ve not done so already, be sure to check out our culture video: https://vimeo.com/289302105. Or if you’re feeling virtual, here’s guided tour of the office in 360 video! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7KkzdmSGTM (Warning: not suitable for printers.)*What’s the corporate culture like?*“Fun but focused,” as one Taoti put it, is a great way to sum up our culture. We’re a fun and casual shop. The kind of place where you can wear whatever, come and go as you please, and have autonomy over your own day for the most part. But we take the work seriously and believe deep in the mission to make meaningful and measurable impacts for our clients. All the perks and shenanigans and borderline irreverent tone are fun, but to really fit in here, you need to be about the work.We believe in something we call our “QIST Culture.” Quality. Innovation. Service. And Teamwork. We are always striving to improve these four areas (to the extent that we have a fund of a quarter million dollars per year that anyone can spend from in the interest of going above and beyond towards any of these four values.We also believe in total transparency and open communication across teams and across ranks. Instead of chain-of-command, we want everyone to have and share their own voice. Every other Thursday, the CEO holds ‘CafeClutch’ just so he can hear ideas and feedback directly from the team instead of through the filter of management.Want to see what life at Taoti looks like? Check out our Instagram or ‘about us’ video. There’s even a 360 tour of the office.*What about benefits?**(Some of these may vary based on location and working status.)*3 weeks PTO for starters. You gain more with tenure. And if you’re really big in to PTO, you can even trade back some salary for more.Telework options (which work like PTO… you accrue days with each paycheck. TELE days increase with tenure as well. By your fourth year, we don’t even count them any more.)100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance. (50% for qualifying dependents.) And we have good insurance.Paid family leave for men and women (including PTO plus short and long term disability options.)3% retirement plan matching (plus access to a financial adviser).Home buyer help (including a $1200 closing credit)Mobile phone reimbursementYou can opt for a company-supplied PC or Mac laptop. Or if you want to use your own, we’ll reimburse you for it.Charitable contribution matchingTax-free metro benefitsA sincere respect for work/life balanceMoney and time off allocated for professional development (also increases with tenure)A diverse team hailing from over 15 countries last time we checkedA very hip/cool/funky/quirky office space on Barracks Row, in the heart of Capitol Hill. Just 2 blocks from the metro! (With the office space doubling in size next year as we build a new building in the parking lot next door to our building.)Fun perks like a roof deck, wine/beer always on tap, regular company boat outings (boat is walking distance from the office), chill work environment, etc.No real dress code (within reason, as long as you can be an adult about getting dressed for work)Annual global retreat (where we bring the whole team together for fun, games, and teamwork)Of course, the above is a quick list. Our handbook covers all the gory details.*Next steps…*If you’re qualified and interested, please apply on our website (https://www.taoti.com/careers.) Please note that these job ads often get placed onto other websites with their own application systems (we’re looking at you Jooble!) and some sites (looking at you Indeed!) have made up random salary ranges. We aren't able to respond to applications that don’t come through our own website (Because we use software to manage our hiring process, and without it, it would be the wild west here. So please be sure you’re applying on our website.)*Equal Opportunity Employer*Great ideas happen when diverse perspectives come together. Those perspectives are Taoti’s secret sauce. So building a diverse team and culture where everyone has a voice and is included in the process is not just the right thing to do. It’s good for business. We’d love your own perspective to add to our mix! We're eager for new, diverse voices to join the team and sincerely hope people from every walk of life will apply!*_Pretty please, no recruiters._*Job Type: Full-time	11146	Washington
Senior Project Manager	Donohoe Companies Inc., The	Bethesda, MD 20814 (Wisconsin South area)	None	"Overview:

Donohoe Construction Company has been ranked by The Washington Business Journal as one of the Top Ten ""Best Places to Work 2020.""
We are adding a new Senior Project Manager to our New Construction division.
We offer a full slate of benefits, including competitive salaries, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverages, FSA, flexible vacation, commuter benefits, and 401k plan with a match. And...we offer some not so standard, extra great-benefits, including tuition reimbursement for education/certifications, employee discounts programs (including hotels and our vendor's products), an Employee Assistance Program that offers a wide array of consultative/actionable services. We value diversity and believe in forming teams in which everyone can be their authentic self is the key to our success. Come join us, and find out what the best work of your career could look like for you.
Responsibilities:

Essential Duties & Responsibilities
This position is primarily responsible for evaluating construction progress and team performance, overseeing the successful completion of projects to meet time and cost objectives with respect to contracting, scheduling, estimating, bidding and contract administration, and ensuring the profitability and client satisfaction of their projects for the company.
Review, approve and execute all project contracts and purchase orders for compliance with company policies and objectives
Support and implement the Company’s Project Management process
Initiate and maintain liaison with client and A/E contacts to facilitate successful project execution including attending meetings and functions to ensure their satisfaction with on-going projects for marketing purposes
Establish project objectives, policies, procedures, and performance standards within boundaries of corporate policy
Coordinate the preparation of the schedule and long term planning. Monitor/control construction through administrative direction of on-site Superintendent to ensure project is built on schedule and within budget
Manage financial aspects of contracts to protect client and company interests: review and approve budgets, cost reports, fee payment, rental equipment, income, expenses, etc.
Perform the final review of internal items such as Cost Analysis Worksheets, Monthly Billing to Owner, General Conditions Estimate, Labor Cost Report, and Monthly Reports
Coordinate, manage, and supervise the work of project and staff providing support and direction
Oversee completion of project close-out
Provide technical assistance to all members of project team
Promote the growth and development of client, subcontractor and vendor relationships
Familiar with all policies and Processes as it relates to this position
Proactively identify and solve problems to minimize risk
Qualifications:
4-year degree in an accredited construction related curriculum, (BSCE, BSCM, BSAE, etc) or experience equivalent to a 4-year degree. Plus certificate in an accredited construction related college level program.
Minimum of ten to fifteen years of experience as Project Manager or at least twenty years construction related experience.
Experience working on one or more of the following projects a plus: office, government, hi-tech, hospitality, healthcare, retail, or multi-family
Experience leading projects ranging from $50mm to $100mm+
LEED accreditation preferred
EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled"	11146	Washington
Project Manager - Large Implementation	Brailsford & Dunlavey, LLC.	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	None	"Overview:
Brailsford & Dunlavey is seeking a dynamic project manager for our Washington, DC location.
Ambitious, diverse, multidisciplinary, and entrepreneurial - these are all words that describe our team. However, what ties B&D employees together is our excitement and passion for advising our clients throughout the facility development process. Whether interviewing students on a college campus, touring classrooms in an elementary school, or sitting with fans on a stadium’s opening day, we are driven by our purpose to advance communities. It starts with our own B&D community; it starts with you.
We are searching for thinker-doers who are intellectualy curious, self-motivated, and willing to take risks to advance their own professional development. As a member of B&D, you should be prepared to work directly with leaders in the industry, on highly visible projects, in a fast-paced environment. Your work will directly enable our clients' actions to better provide for an organization's key stakeholders - something we find to be meaningful and that we hope inspires you as well!
The project manager leads a project team that will perform implementation activities for large-scale municipal and K-12 programs. Deliverables for implementation assignments may include stakeholder engagements, construction monitoring, site visits, budget management, project documentation, public approvals and permitting, A&E solicitation management, schedule monitoring, account management, and quality control.
Responsibilities:

Essential Responsibilities
Supports Senior Project Manager and/or Project Executive within a large-scale program with the management of a portfolio of assignments serving as Client's ""trusted advisor"" focused on achievement of project goals for schedule, budget and quality, and providing critical thinking and analyses to ensure quality client advice. Takes full-management responsibility for medium to large-scale assignments of over $25MM in total project cost.
Directs or develops client deliverables including written reports, presentations, budgets, schedules, and program that are tailored to meet client's desired outcomes and scope requirements.
Coordinates and directs the day-to-day activities of assigned project staff, both internal (B&D staff) and external (JV partners, sub contractors, architects, and builders) to achieve project goals and objectives.
Participates in staff development, mentoring, and training of staff under project manager's direction; and provides input on annual performance reviews for those staff.
Directs or develops monthly client billings and ensures timely collection of receivables (if applicable).
Participates in business development (farming) activities; including:
a. Serving as the client's ""trusted advisor"" thus focused on additional services/repeat projects;
b. Participating in strategic planning for respective operating group, attending farming meetings, developing proposal materials, and attending interviews; and/or
c. Presenting to students, industry groups or conferences, and developing thought-leadership materials all with an eye towards being viewed as a ""visible expert"" in respective industry market.
Under direction of Team Leader and sphere leadership, participates in advancement of quality assurance/quality control (QA/QC) and training programs for the sphere, targeted at consistent review and improvement of industry-specific methodologies and practices.
Performs additional duties as assigned with the effort and skills required to contribute to B&D's continued growth.
Supervisory Responsibilities
The project manager may direct the work of analysts or other team members on a project-by-project basis.
Qualifications:

Minimum Requirements
Minimum of a bachelor's degree in construction management, engineering, architecture, real estate management, or related field.
Minimum of five to seven years managing projects related to B&D's markets, as well as multiple projects simultaneously.
Professional experience in K-12 or municipal program management/construction management is preferred.
Valid U.S. driver's license.
Competencies
Technical Competencies
Comprehensive understanding of Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint).
Core Competencies
Excellent team and project leadership skills.
Ability to work independently with minimum supervision.
Ability to be productive in a fast-paced, multi-dimensional work environment.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Excellent group facilitation and presentation skills.
Excellent organizational and project management skills.
Strong analytical and critical thinking abilities.
Understanding of real estate, finance, and accounting principles.
Demonstrated commitment to client satisfaction and ethical business practices.
Proven adaptability, flexibility, and creativity.
demonstrated ability to thrive within a team structure.
Aptitude and desire for mentoring and training team members.
Demonstrated sensitivity, knowledge and understanding of individuals from diverse academic, socioeconomic, gender, gender identity, cultural, disability and ethical backgrounds and sensitivity to and knowledge and understanding of groups historically underrepresented.
Human Relations
Internal contacts include staff at all levels. External contacts include customers and vendors.
Brailsford & Dunlavey is committed to providing a diverse and inclusive work environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
Brailsford & Dunlavey participates in E-Verify.
Work Environment and Physical Demands:

Work Environment, Equipment, and Physical Demands
[The demands marked below are representative of those that will be required to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.]
Work Environment
Office environment; moderate noise.
Field environment; moderate to loud noise.
Occasional evening or weekend work is required.
Regular travel by car to project sites is required.
Equipment
Computer use for extended periods each day.
Other office equipment use (printers, copiers, video, etc.) routinely throughout each day.
Physical Demands
Sitting at desk or table for extended periods each day.
standing or walking.
Repetitive wrist, hand, or finger movement (while operating computer equipment).
Eye-hand coordination (keyboard typing).
Hearing and talking.
Extended periods of reading fine print.
Light to moderate bending, crouching, and stooping."	11146	Washington
IT Recruiter	BRMi	Chantilly, VA 20151	None	Overview: BRMi is currently seeking an IT Recruiter to support our recruiting team. This position reports to the Recruiting Manager and is responsible for the identification, qualification, and matching of candidates to open corporate and client requirements, with a focus on Information Technology.*Note: This is a 1099 contract position with the potential to go full-time w2.*Click here to learn about BRMi's culture.Click here to see BRMi’s Glassdoor reviewsResponsibilities:Source, engage and recruit talent by researching, creating, and executing creative sourcing strategiesEvaluate candidate resumes and credentials for suitability of skills, experience and knowledge in relation to requirements of open positionsScreen and qualify prospective candidatesManage the end-to-end recruitment cycle for multiple positions simultaneously, to include negotiation of offersUpdate BRMi's applicant tracking system with all sourcing activity and candidate correspondence.Handle tasks and projects as assignedQualifications:US Citizenship2+ years of experience in the staffing industry or supporting the corporate recruiting function of an information technology organizationHands-on experience with sourcing techniques, including recruiting on various platforms and crafting Boolean search stringsHigh level of communication and organizational skillsAbility to work in fast pace and dynamic environmentStrong verbal and written communication skillsProficient in Microsoft Office applications and utilization of Applicant Tracking SystemsAgency recruiting experience is highly desiredBachelor’s degreeEOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/DisabledWe are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.Location: 14399 Penrose Place, Chantilly, VA 20151Job Types: Full-time, Contract	11146	Washington
IT Program Manager	QVine Corporation	Herndon, VA	None	"Perform day-to-day management of the program, and develop long-term and strategic objectives to ensure customer requirements are satisfied. Perform horizontal integration planning, and interface with other functional areas, ensure that technical solutions and schedules are implemented in a timely manner.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Direct daily operations of department, including analyzing workflows, establishing priorities, developing standards and setting deadlines.
Assign and review the work of all computer-related team members.

Ensure that all tasks are completed on schedule, customer tasking guidance is clear and unambiguous, contract personnel are qualified to perform the tasks, and potential personnel problems are prevented.

Review and approve all systems charts and programs prior to their execution.

Analyze computer and information needs of customer organizations, including operational and strategic perspectives. Define immediate and long-term personnel and equipment requirements.

Coordinate problem resolution with various task managers, coordinate schedules, new resource requirements, training needs, and task clarification.

Develop computer information resources, providing for data security and control, strategic computing, and disaster recovery.

Plan and coordinate activities such as installation and upgrading of hardware and software, programming and systems design, development of computer networks, and implementation of Internet and intranet sites.

Establish and apply streamlined processes and procedures that enable team to rapidly respond to surge requirements for increased contract personnel. Assure SLA requirements are met.

Possess knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources, economic and accounting principles and practices and the financial market.
QVine corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer— M/R/D/V"	11146	Washington
IT Applications Project Manager	Logistics Management Institute	Tysons, VA	None	"Overview:

LMI's Digital and Analytic Services team seeks an IT Applications PM to provide IT subject matter expertise and drive delivery of digital projects across cost, schedule, staffing, and technical performance dimensions. The IT Applications PM will manage a team of 6 – 10 staff, consisting of developers, testers, Scrum Masters, and business analysts. The team is focused on using Agile methods to deliver LMI internal information systems primarily on the ServiceNow platform. Work location will be a balance of remote and on site at LMI at headquarters in Tysons Corner, VA.
In this role you will be responsible for guiding the development, continuous improvement and success of the application and workflow platform, which is based on ServiceNow. You will work directly with the CIO, the CIO’s Leadership Team, and our internal customers, translating high-level vision and strategy into deliverables from ideation and specification through deployment. You will need to have an understanding of LMI’s target audience and have the ability to align feature development with customer demand, working to understand client and partner demands.
You’ll be working alongside a team of highly skilled engineers, project managers and other contributors, and collaborating constantly with the customer to translate features into customer value.
LMI is a consultancy dedicated to powering a future-ready, high-performing government, drawing from expertise in digital and analytic solutions, logistics, and management advisory services. We deliver integrated capabilities that incorporate emerging technologies and are tailored to customers’ unique mission needs, backed by objective research and data analysis. Founded in 1961 to help the Department of Defense resolve complex logistics management challenges, LMI continues to enable growth and transformation, enhance operational readiness and resiliency, and ensure mission success for federal civilian and defense agencies.
Responsibilities:

The IT Applications PM will lead the delivery of multi-workstream digital projects, with responsibilities and accountabilities including:
Guide, oversee, and greenlight technical solutions to requirements, architectures, and designs both vertically up and down the technical stack to horizontally across functional domains
Create and own the long-term platform vision, product plans, roadmaps, and product strategies consistent with company strategy
Develop and manage the product backlog, working with the Scrum Master to prioritize, adapt, and deliver, while managing customer expectations and assigned resources
Analyze data to help make better product decisions and always be fine tuning our product strategy and roadmap
Balance business needs versus technical decisions and constraints
Sustainment of implemented solutions in production to meet SLAs
Work with internal customers to elicit and refine business requirements
Estimate level of effort for technical solutions and recommend courses of action based on ROI and AoA analyses
Organize and adhere to release plans and work cross functionally to ensure everyone is on-track to reach their assigned goals
Bring new perspectives on how we can improve our platforms and product to better serve our customers, while ensuring we stay true to our focus, core values and mission
Build project plans and associated financial forecasts
Manage execution of multiple concurrent projects – track actual cost and schedule vs. forecast, adjust cost and schedule, identify and mitigate risks, remove blockers, and escalate issues
Closely manage stakeholder expectations
Coordinate work with other IT PMs for organization-wide technology transformations
Qualifications:

Education: Bachelor’s Degree (in a technical discipline preferred); Master’s Degree preferred.
Preferred Certifications: Project Management Professional (PMP), Agile Certified Practitioner (ACP), Certified Scrum Master (SCM), Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO)
10 years’ experience across one or more of the following IT areas:
Software Development Lifecycle: Architecture, Requirements Gathering and Analysis, Agile Methodologies, Testing, End User Support, Training, Operations & Maintenance
Platforms: ServiceNow, microservices, ERP systems, Data Management, SQL, JavaScript, XML, Jira
Collaborate with remote teams and stakeholders using asynchronous communication methods and tools (chat, video, cloud tools, etc.)
IT Service Management
Knowledge of UX/UI principles for the development of online platforms
Knowledge of cloud-based Saas solutions
3 years product management experience at a technology organization, several of which should include full ownership of a product roadmap and vision
Experience working in a Federal contracting company
2 years demonstrated experience of directly leading technical staff across multiple complex projects using Agile methodologies
Effective written and oral communication skills"	11146	Washington
Human Resources Manager (Employee Labor Relations)	Government of the District of Columbia	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	$107,843 - $150,979 a year	"D.C. Child and Family Services Agency (CFSA) is evolving as a national leader in child protection, foster care and adoptive services. This position is located in the Human Resources Administration, Office of the Deputy Director for Administration (ODDA) of the Child and Family Services Agency (CFSA). The Human Resources Manager, internally called HR Manager (Employee and Labor Relations) provides leadership in overseeing, directing, implementing, and evaluating the agency’s employee and labor relations programs to include providing technical guidance and advice to the senior leadership during negotiations with the labor unions and/or as needed in the daily operations of the agency; strategic planning for human resource utilization including developing policies, procedures, and guidelines; developing operating budgets; contributing to the development and maintenance of an effective employee and labor relations programs; and other services related to employee and labor relations.
Duties and Responsibilities
Manages all ELR programs/projects and maintains all statistical data and documents for analysis and reference purposes. Oversees the establishment, coordination, implementation, and maintenance of the employee relations program and/or segments for the program; evaluates and appraises the effectiveness of the program; and recommends changes in policies and procedures as needed. Oversees the development and implementation of performance evaluations and performance management program. Provides a full range of advisory services and assistance to CFSA leadership and employees to include employee conduct, performance, dispute resolutions, and other related employee-labor relations issues. Ensures that all Management Supervisory Services (MSS) employees are properly educated about the ELR related rules, procedures, and policies. Oversees all areas of Performance Management including Performance Evaluations, Performance Plans, Resolution and Reconsideration Committee (RRC) Panel Reviews, and related management training. Supports MSS staff by facilitating Administrative Staff training series.
Serves as the agency ADA and FMLA Coordinator, ensuring that needs associated with these benefits are met in a timely manner. This goal includes ensuring timely and accurate reporting of requests, claims and resolutions, and assigning work as needed to reporting specialist to ensure employees receive adequate support with regard to their medical needs; and providing supervision to specialist with regard to the acquisition, compiling, and routing of key essential documentation to HR management, leadership, and peer agencies (Office of the Chief Financial Officer, District of Columbia Office of Human Resources, Office of Disability Rights, etc.) Develops internal office operating procedures consistent with the District’s employee and labor relations program. Directs the work of subordinate staff responding to employee relations issues; reviews and approves staff recommendations. Reviews agency progressive discipline procedures and guides management in resolving work related issues affecting employee and employee performance.
Advises management and subordinate staff of rights and obligations under the District’s merit system, employee benefits entitlement, and retirement benefits availability. Provides advice, guidance, and information to employees on the policies, practices, and procedures of the employee relations program. Conducts special projects and studies for the Human Resources Director and prepares reports and recommendations. Performs a full range of supervisory functions: assigns, directs, and reviews the work of staff; evaluates staff performance; recommends promotions, status changes, awards, disciplinary actions, and terminations; plans, schedules, and coordinates work operations; addresses issues or problems related to work operations; negotiates and troubleshoots employee concerns, grievances, and other matters involved in the daily administration of labor-management problems.
Qualifications and Education
Juris Doctor or Bachelor of Law is highly preferred. Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources Management is preferred. Seven years of directly related work experience overseeing and/or performing employee and labor relations work is highly preferred.
 Demonstrable ability to provide leadership and direction in the coordination and implementation of employee and labor relations policies, procedures, and functions.
Demonstrable expertise in the application of Federal and District of Columbia Employment laws, including but not limited to: applicable District’s Personnel Manuals (DPMs), Title VII (Civil Rights Act), Executive Order 11246, FLSA, ADA, EEO, FMLA, ADEA, ERISA, NLRA, other District peer agencies (Office of Human Rights, Office of Risk Management, Office on Aging, etc.); and other applicable regulations, policies, procedures.
Advanced knowledge and ability to apply theories, concepts, standards, and principles of employment and the associated laws, rules, regulations, policies, and procedures.
Demonstrable knowledge of and ability to apply negotiating principles, techniques, and practices to include skills and experience in collective bargaining.
Knowledge of personnel management to include staffing and recruitment, Federal and District position classification systems and District pay plans.
Excellent oral and written communication skills to be able to provide briefings and write concise reports and recommendations.
Demonstrable analytical skills to evaluate and synthesize information and develop plans, reports, and recommendations.
Demonstrable knowledge of the organizational mission, objectives, structure, and functions of CFSA.
Demonstrable ability to develop professional working relationships throughout the Agency and with outside officials.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and PeopleSoft applications.
Licenses and Certifications
SHRM certification or its equivalent is highly preferred.
Other Significant Factors
Tour of Duty: 8:15am - 4:45pm Qualified individuals must ensure flexibility as it relates to the Tour of Duty.
Duration of Appointment: This is a Management Supervisory Service (MSS), “At-Will” Appointment. All positions and appointments in the Management Supervisory Service serve at the pleasure of the appointing authority and may be terminated at any time with or without cause.
Pay Plan, Series, and Grade: MSS-201-14
Collective Bargaining Unit (Non-Union): This position is not covered under the collective bargaining agreement.
Promotion Potential: No known promotion potential
Please Note: Human Resources will conduct resume screenings every 10 days.
Position Designation: This position is deemed as “security” sensitive and “emergency” pursuant to DCMR 6B Section 412 and is subject to a criminal background check, traffic records check, and consumer credit check (as applicable), reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol test, and post-accident or incident drug and alcohol test.
Residency Requirement: If the position you are applying for is in the Career, Management Supervisory, or Educational Service at an annual salary of one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000) or more, you must establish residency in the District of Columbia within one hundred eighty (180) days of the effective date of the appointment and continue to maintain residency within the District of Columbia throughout the duration of the appointment.
EEO Statement: The District of Columbia Government is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, matriculation, physical handicap, or political affiliation.
Closing Statement: Official Job Offers are made by the D.C. Child and Family Services Agency's Human Resources Only."	11146	Washington
Help Desk Specialist	Earth Resources Technology, Inc	College Park, MD	None	"Background
The mission of the National Weather Service (NWS), an agency within the Department of Commerce's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), is to provide weather, water and climate forecasts and warnings for the United States, its territories, and its adjacent waters and oceans to protect life and property and to enhance the national economy. The Weather and Climate Infrastructure Services (WCCIS) contract supports the NWS's Central Processing and Information Dissemination portfolios. The contract is managed by the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) Central Operations (NCO).

WCCIS supports NCO's mission which is to deliver national and global weather, water, climate and space weather guidance, forecasts, warnings and analyses to a broad range of users and partners. These products and services respond to user needs to protect life and property, enhance the nation's economy, and support the nation's growing need for environmental information.

Position Description
Will work with applicable Project Manager to address tickets that have the potential to negativity impact an SLA. Will process requests for ticket transfer, escalation, or re-assignment. Monitor helpdesk for ticket compliance to SLA. Monitor resource availability and workload balance. Compile weekly and ad-hoc metrics and reporting. Actively monitor helpdesk for un-assigned tickets:

Categorize tickets to applicable team
Ensure appropriate contact distribution (cc - list) is applied
Assign to technicians

Required Skills

Excellent communication skills both written and oral.
Experience with spreadsheets and word processing software (such as Microsoft Word, Google Docs).
Experience working in a Help Desk/Ticket-based environment.
Organized and detail-oriented person who can manage a queue of tickets from the beginning to the end.
Ability to follow a process for twice daily intake of new tickets with very few errors - it's an export from the ticket system into a spreadsheet.
Ability to cover the phone and have an excellent phone manner.
Keep the Help Desk manager informed of day's events.
Ability to find someone to cover phones if they are away; a very conscientious person.
Ability to multi-task.
Does not have be overly technical, but if the person has some knowledge of IT terminology, a plus.
Experience with gathering statistics and reporting out a plus.
Assist the Help Desk manager prepare for the weekly ticket briefing to the NCO leadership - they must make sure the spreadsheet info is updated, formatted properly and consistently, etc.

Desired

Specific experience managing Help Desk queues in a Ticket Management System.
Experience reporting on metrics.
Experience documenting procedures and policies.
Experience with Service Now.

Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident and be able to pass a background investigation to obtain a security badge to enter the applicable government facility.

Education
High School diploma, related discipline, or equivalent."	11146	Washington
Retail Associate	WASHINGTON NATIONALS	Washington, DC 20003 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Summary:
The Retail Sales Associate delivers an exceptional fan experience at Nationals Park by achieving goals related to sales, customer service, inventory maintenance, merchandising and loss prevention.
The Nationals are a military-friendly organization actively recruiting veterans and spouses.
Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Sell merchandise to fans and customers utilizing Point of Sale (POS) registers.
Adhere to strict cashier policies and procedures.
Achieve sales productivity and incentive goals.
Provide outstanding Guest Experiences customer service.
Accurately check-in and process new merchandise (count, hang, ticket, organize, etc.).
Merchandise products in a professional and organized manner.
Process markdowns and ticket products as directed.
Accurately sign and identify products being displayed and sold.
Participate in physical inventories and periodic cycle counts.
Accurately account for documents and various media in an organized manner.
Maintain daily detailed communications with team leader.
Execute internal product transfers as directed.
Accurately maintain retail supply and signage inventories.
Organize and preserve retail fixture inventories.
Participate in set-up and tear-down of fixtures and stands for events and games.
Maintain a clean and organized selling location.
Provide assistance and training for other team members when needed.
Assist the Stand Supervisors or General Manager with coordination and execution of special projects as directed.
Assure protection of company assets while adhering to corporate retail loss prevention policies and procedures.
Perform other duties as assigned.
REQUIREMENTS:
Minimum Education and Experience Requirements:
High School Diploma/equivalent or equivalent military experience
At least two years of retail sales experience. Preferred in a sports and entertainment concession environment.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities necessary to perform essential functions
Must be able to work 80% of the game days and events at Nationals Park during the season.
Detail oriented with strong organizational skills.
Positive attitude and strong work ethic is a must.
Excellent Communication Skills.
Ability to work independently and responsibly in a fast paced environment.
Computer knowledge and/or experience including but not limited to retail point of sale registers.
Ability to work flexible and/or extended hours based upon business needs.
Uphold Core Values: Excellence, Performance, and Accountability. These core values set the tone in everything we do, help us succeed on and off the field, make a difference in the community and provide the best guest experience in sports. It is important that the person in the position commits themselves to these core values so that we can constantly move forward in the same direction – Together
Physical/Environmental Requirements
Job requires employee to function in a high activity and heavily crowded outdoor professional sports venue. May work at heights. Employee will be exposed to inclement weather of varying degrees. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand for long periods of time, walk long distances, and climb up/down stairs. The employee is required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or sit and must lift and/or move up to 45 pounds
Education
Preferred
High School or better in ACCOUNTANT"	11146	Washington
Product Manager	Tantus Technologies	Washington, DC	None	Overview: Tantus Technologies, Inc. (Tantus) - recognized by the Washington Post as a Top Workplace - is seeking a Product Manager to join our team that is developing and maintaining a custom software application for government stakeholders and a large external user base.You will lead a cross-functional team and oversee our Operations and Support team, responsible for stakeholder engagement, product adoption, end user training, product testing, and helpdesk support. You will outreach to program and product stakeholders and end users to ensure that they are consulted, informed, and engaged with our product and product delivery team, to ensure that our software releases are successfully adopted by the user community.In addition to working with stakeholders, you will be a key contributor to the broader product development team, and will work closely with Product Management, UX/UI, and Engineering to facilitate the continuous delivery and seamless roll out of new modules and features to user community.What You'll Do:Primary team liaison for program partners and end users who are or will be using the software product, as well as stakeholders who are piloting and evaluating future modules and features of the product.Develop and integrate engagement roadmaps, program communications material (presentations, overviews) and plans for the program with an understanding of project activities and processes occurring outside the system that may impact programmatic objectives.Plan, coordinate, and facilitate the development and execution of end user product training and system/process adoption activities.Plan, manage, and execute regular product pilot engagements to acclimate users to the system or features of the system, as well as collecting and evaluating end user feedback for system enhancements and future development.Lead and facilitate regular user advisory council meetings for key product stakeholders ensuring that they are consulted in upcoming product development priorities, collecting their feedback on product functionality, and engaging with them for usability testing and acceptance testing.Determine and monitor metrics related to system adoption and analyze helpdesk tickets and web traffic reports to identify areas of success and challenges for system use. Capture and measure customer satisfaction, product adoption and usage. Create dashboards and present findings and recommendations in quarterly operational reviews.Participate in weekly Product Management meetings to spotlight customer status, critical metrics and hurdles.Provide voice of the customer feedback to product management.Ensure that the helpdesk successfully provides resources for customers and partners, is populated with current product information from the product management team, and that it actively promotes customer engagement. Ensure feedback mechanisms are in place to inform product development.Provide status reporting regarding project milestones, deliverable, dependencies, risks and issues, etc. to program leadership.Demonstrate a functional acumen to support how solutions will address client goals while maintaining alignment with industry best practices.Must Haves:Bachelors or Master’s degree, preferably in public relations, communications, organizational change management, or other relevant field.IT & Software Project Management, Program Management, Portfolio Management or Enterprise Project/Application Portfolio Management solutions.Product Management experience, or help desk management experience.Excellent client management and communication skills with a proven ability to build consensus and work effectively across teams.Proven ability to create communications materials (such as PowerPoint presentations, roadmaps, etc.).Outstanding organizational and planning abilities.Self-motivated with extreme attention to detail.Ability to adhere to tight deadlines and perform in a fast-paced, multi-task environment.US Citizenship required.Nice to Haves:Understanding of Human-Centered Design and Design Thinking.Data-driven. You use data to guide decisions and optimize results.Job Type: Full-time	11146	Washington
Manager, Voting Rights, Civil Rights	Facebook	Washington, DC 20004 (Penn Quarter area)	None	"At Facebook, we have a responsibility to everyone who uses our services to amplify the good and mitigate the harm – to make sure that people are safe on Facebook. Technology plays an enormous role in nearly every part of our lives, and it is important that it be used to overcome the historic discrimination which so many underrepresented groups have faced, rather than to exacerbate it. As a member of Facebook’s new Civil Rights Organization, you will play a key role in supporting Facebook’s ongoing efforts to ensure that significant company decisions are made through a Civil Rights lens. You’ll serve as a pivotal team member and a direct resource for many teams across the company. In particular, you’ll help the Civil Rights Organization address threats to voting rights and civic participation, primarily in the United States.The successful candidate will have a strong track record of identifying and addressing civil rights issues and understanding and applying civil rights laws/concepts. Candidates should be accomplished at building and managing relationships with both internal and external subject matter experts and other relevant stakeholders.
Serves as the Voting Rights and Civic Participation expert in the Civil Rights Organization
Helps instill civil rights best practices within the company, and proactively identifies and addresses civil rights issues
Contributes relevant civil rights content to guidance documents and other resources
Leads engagement with external voting rights and democracy experts
Supports other Civil Rights engagements and strategic projects
8+ years of experience in law, policy, advocacy, academia, or other relevant fields, with experience in Voting Rights and Civic Participation
Bachelor's degree
Experience identifying and addressing civil rights issues across protected classes, and/or advocating for civil rights or advancing civil rights claims
Expertise in discrimination concepts, principles, and applications, including both intentional and unintentional discrimination
Experience working inside fast-moving companies/organizations
Communication skills and project management experience
Familiarity with the Company’s July 2020 Civil Rights Audit - Final Report
Advanced degree
Experience with consensus-building
Experience operating independently and executing on both the strategic and operational level
Experience working collaboratively across a wide variety of functions to drive effective outcomes
Experience identifying and addressing civil rights issues in technology products
Experience or expertise understanding the impacts of technology and social media on individuals, communities, and society
Experience working with technical and product teams
Experience working on a new team with ambiguity and changing responsibilities
Experience representing companies externally and internally at the executive level
Experience working in a global organization preferably in the technology industry
Experience working with a broad array of teams to implement success metrics
Experience building a program from inception through implementation through evaluation
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com."	11146	Washington
Business Development Director, Federal Health IT	REI Systems	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Overview:

REI Systems is experiencing phenomenal growth – more than 30% year over year. Led by a strong Chief Growth Officer, REI has an impressive track record of winning federal contracts. Our best-in-class contract vehicles, great client relationships, excellent past performance, and pipeline position us to win even more opportunities in 2021 and beyond.
Would you like to be part of an exceptional, winning team? As Federal Health IT Business Development Director, you will be a key member of the REI leadership team, reporting to the Chief Growth Officer. Responsibilities to include, but not be limited to: growing the business, understanding customer requirements, building and managing pursuit teams, and collaborating with REI technical and operations teams to deliver value to customers.
REI is a four-time, award-winning Washington Post Top Workplaces company.

If you are looking for a company that will compensate you for your hard work, provide you career advancement, expand your experience, and make you successful, apply today! We offer great benefits and compensation for our Growth Team. We can’t wait to meet you.
Responsibilities:

Key Responsibilities:
Identify, qualify and lead new Business Development in assigned accounts
Formulate and execute business development strategies in assigned markets
Actively engage in the customer and partner ecosystem and represent REI in the business community at industry and client events
Educate potential government customers, industry partners, and internal team members on the REI value proposition
Understand and utilize market trends, mission priorities, and customer goals to envision, shape, and close opportunities
Develop and maintain highly effective relationships with the Government executives, Program Managers, contract management offices and industry partners that drive growth
Manage the development of Sources Sought, Request for Information (RFIs), and Request for Proposal or Quote (RFP/RFQ) responses in conjunction with REI CTO and REI Account Teams
Lead the development of Agency-specific account growth plans in conjunction with REI Account Teams
Support brand development and market outreach activities
Act as a liaison with Program Managers, Project Managers, and Task Leads to identify customer challenges and potential for organic growth of existing task orders
Strategize, build, and manage REI and external partner teams to pursue new growth opportunities
Manage communication among and participation by team members to drive business to REI contract vehicles and maximize win rate
Quickly identify the right teaming partners for each task order
Develop non-disclosure and teaming agreements for review and approval
Qualifications:

Qualifications Required
At least 12 years of experience working with systems integrators in the Federal Government market and at least 7 years experience in Business Development Management, Program Management/Administration, and/or Capture Management
Extensive network of Government and industry relationships in Federal Health IT customers such as the Department of Health and Human Services and major components including, but not limited to: HHS Headquarters, Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Administration for Children and Families (ACF) , and National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Experience as an active “hands-on” leader in Business Development and/or Capture Management
Proven performance in breaking into new accounts and expanding business
Proven reputation of establishing and maintaining credibility, and influencing senior levels of Government customers and Industry partners
Demonstrated ability to lead organizations focused on execution and growth, and build and sustain customer intimacy at the highest levels
Proven experience in pursuing and capturing new federal business, including building and leveraging relationships, developing effective teaming and win strategies, and writing winning proposals
Excellent communication skills and strong interpersonal skills, as this position interfaces with all functions within the organization and a broad group of outside constituencies.
Demonstrated ability to conduct market and industry research analyses
Working knowledge of GSA Schedules and other GWAC vehicles terms and conditions
Working knowledge of FAR and DFARs
Bachelor’s degree
ABOUT REI SYSTEMS
Employees voted REI Systems a Washington Post Top Workplace in 2015, 2016, 2018, and 2020!
REI Systems has delivered innovative solutions that empower people and impact millions of lives since 1989. Our 600 problem-solving technologists and consultants are passionate about modernizing the government to fulfill its missions more effectively. Our customers include healthcare, national security, science and technology, and government operations in the federal, state, local, and non-profit sectors. We take a Mindful Modernization® approach in providing Application Modernization, Government Data Analytics, Grants Management Systems and Software Products, and Advisory Services. Delivering domain expertise, best-fit technologies through agile execution, and a commitment to customer service is the REI Way. Learn more, visit www.reisystems.com.
REI Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer"	11146	Washington
Project Manager - Information Technology (IT)	Kikiktagruk Inupiat Corporation	Washington, DC	None	"Title: Project Manager - Information Technology (IT)
Location: Washington, DC
FLSA Status: Exempt
Position Summary:
The Project Manager will provide Project Management Technical Support Services to the OWCP Division of Administration and Operations Branch of Medical Standards and Rehabilitation (BMSR). The Project Manager provides coordination of projects related to medical claims and claims processing systems.
Duties/Responsibilities:
Provides IT project management (PM) support technical PMO to the DAO Branch of Medical Standards and Operations (BMSO).
Leads assigned BMSO projects, coordinating and overseeing all aspects through completion, including creating technical IT analyses and related documentation, process flows, review of Contractor-submitted technical deliverables, and recommendations to the OWCP PMO regarding solutions to technical issues.
Establishes deadlines for assigned projects, sets tasks, and monitors and summarizes progress through interfacing with all BMSO and PMO resources.
Support the Workers' Compensation Medical Bill Processing (WCMBP) contract Project Manager and BMSO PMO with schedule management, make recommendations and advise the WCMBP Project Manager and BMSO PMO of all management, planning, and technical issues, make recommendations to streamline procedures, and identify potential risks and possible mitigations.
Prepares project status reports for DAO management upon request
Minimum Requirements:
Must have at least 7 years' experience with workers' compensation bill processing or a related field.
BS degree in Information Systems, Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, or similar technical disciplines.
Project management experience of at least 8 years on managing large and complex IT modernization and migration projects, specifically large software/system development.
Working knowledge and/or experience in medical billing work is preferred.
Experience and demonstrated ability of working concurrently with multiple internal and external business and IT stakeholder groups both Government and Contractor
Demonstrated working experience with and of a range of software development life cycles and technologies.
Demonstrated experience successfully managing concurrent priority tasks/projects and have the ability to ""hit the ground running"".
Must be a self-starter with a delivery-focused mentality and strong work ethic.
Demonstrated experience in facilitating business and technical requirements sessions.
Demonstrated experience with analyzing, defining, documenting business and system requirements.
Demonstrated ability to think outside of the box and possesses creative problem solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to communicate with front line through executives
Well versed in managing large IT projects involving multiple external and internal integration and dependency points.
Apply online at our website: https://kikiktagruk.applicantpool.com/
Disclaimer: This is not to be an exclusive list of all responsibilities', duties, and skills required of the person in this job. KIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. KIC considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, family responsibility, marital status, sexual orientation, political affiliation, veteran's status or any other legal protected status. Pursuant to The Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act 43 U.S.C. Sec. 1601 et seq., and federal contractual requirements, Kikiktagruk Inupiat Corporation, may legally grant certain preference in employment opportunities to KIC Shareholders and their Descendants. EOE/AA/M/F/D/V. Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here. Successful candidate must pass, comply and adhere to KIC's Drug and Alcohol policy/testing requirements and pass a thorough background check including fingerprinting."	11146	Washington
Web Development Product Manager	The Urban Institute	Washington, DC	None	Who we are: At the nonprofit Urban Institute, we believe in the power of evidence to improve lives and strengthen communities. Our employees are empowered to open minds, shape decisions and offer solutions. We encourage intellectual honesty, innovation, diversity, and mutual respect, and our analysis elevates the debate, wherever it takes place.Urban’s greatest asset is our people. We strive to attract and cultivate a vibrant, creative, and diverse community. Our employees drive Urban’s mission through entrepreneurship, innovation, leadership, effective communication, results-orientation, and relationship cultivation. Our success depends on engaging individuals who possess and value these attributes.The Urban Institute has built a cutting-edge in-house communications team that translates research for broad audiences through creative content and innovative engagement. To support these efforts, Urban’s digital communications team is hiring a web development product manager.How you’ll contribute: The web development product manager will manage all aspects of website development at Urban Institute including discovery, information architecture, wire framing, design, site building and production, quality assurance testing, and user acceptance. The product manager will be responsible for ensuring that digital projects are completed to the specifications set by the team and that websites and other products meet the goals of researchers, communications staff, and our audiences. Reporting to the senior director of digital communications, the product manager will collaborate with researchers, a project manager, designer, Drupal developers, and content producers to deliver websites that promote the goals and research of the Urban Institute.Responsibilities: Provide strategic direction for websites created for large Urban Institute projects involving Urban researchers, external funders or partners, and other stakeholders.Lead and apply discovery, user research, and competitive analysis to devise comprehensive and integrated digital strategies for our research teams and other partners.Work with team members across disciplines, research teams, funders, and partners to ensure that everyone has a clear picture of project goals and objectives.Identify and document the features and content types that will be part of product scope.Develop strategy documentation including information architecture, user personas and journeys, and user experience.Work with Design/UX team to get sign off from research teams on wireframes and interactive designs.Participate in daily scrums, sprint planning meetings, sprint reviews and retrospectives.Demonstrate developed functionalities during sprint reviews.Work with Sr. Director of Digital Comms and Digital Comms Analytics and Advertising manager to develop a plan for setting and measuring KPI's for each website.Work with internal clients to validate the website meets the acceptance criteria and fits in with Urban’s design guidelines and user experience.Oversee the creation of new feature and functionality for existing websites, including taking input from Comms staff and researchers on new site functionality, evaluate that input and work with producers and developers on implementation if necessary.What you’ll bring: The successful candidate will:Possess a Bachelor’s degree in marketing, communications, computer science, information systems, or related fields; or equivalent work/education experience & 3-5 years of professional experienceDemonstrate experience leading design and development projectsExhibit experience new website builds and/or website refreshShow familiarity with analytics, SEO, accessibility and technology platforms (such as CMS', integrating with APIs, etc). Familiarity with Drupal CMS is a plus.Display prior knowledge/experience with project management software and agile concepts. *A working knowledge of Jira is a plusWhat you’ll experience: Working in the Nation’s Capital, the epicenter of public policy among a network of policy experts, you can expect to have an impact on policy areas you care about and work with great colleagues who are smart, mission-driven, and collaborative. You will blend academic rigor with on-the-ground collaboration, be encouraged and supported to fulfill your potential through meaningful work that matters, and enjoy a welcoming workplace free from harassment, discrimination and intolerance.In addition, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes: medical, dental, disability, and life insurance coverage. Competitive paid time off allowance, and eligibility to participate in a generous retirement savings plan and reimbursable commuting expense program.The Urban Institute is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other protected status under applicable law.The Urban Institute is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Minorities/Women/Disabilities/Veterans.Job Type: Full-time	11146	Washington
Membership Manager	American Association of Motor	Arlington, VA 22203 (Ballston-Virginia Square area)	None	"Position Summary:
This position supports strategic membership activities for the department including the awards program, volunteer groups administration, and assisting with administration of the association management database.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
General Membership
Assist with maintaining netFORUM contact information, which includes all member and non-member records, new accounts, changes, and deletions.
Provide member mailing lists for marketing and communications distribution.
Serve as back up for registration activities at AAMVA events, including staffing the registration area as needed
Volunteer Groups Administration
Manage volunteer group requests, the volunteer group email account, and respond to inquiries.
Maintain information and data related to member groups in the association management database (currently netFORUM).
Manage solicitation for group volunteers, volunteer applications, and appointments to groups (committees, subcommittees, working groups).
Work with group Project Managers to set up new groups, fill vacancies, maintain updated rosters, and sunset groups.
Maintain volunteer groups standard operating procedures (SOPs) and work with Project Managers to ensure compliance.
Maintain volunteer groups information on AAMVA’s website.
Awards Program
Serve as the association’s point of contact for the awards program online submission portal (currently Open Water).
Manage awards correspondence and the awards email group account and respond to inquiries.
Manage awards program life cycle to include:
Annual awards schedule and deadlines.
Annual set up and testing of awards portal.
Maintain Awards Program information on AAMVA’s website.
Monitor awards submissions/nominations.
Manage awards judging process.
Prepare and send winner/non-winner communications.
Prepare and send governor/premier communications.
Order physical awards through AAMVA’s procurement system and prepare and ship physical awards for distribution at conferences.
Prepare awards-related program information, signage, scripts, and slide presentations for presentations.
Direct Reports to this Position: None
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree and at least 5-7 years’ experience, preferably in non-profit or association environment.
Experience working with association management databases (preferably netFORUM).
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong analytical and innovative problem-solving skills.
Excellent customer service skills and ability to develop strong relationships with colleagues and internal and external constituents.
Ability to efficiently handle multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment with attention to detail.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals at all levels and to communicate in both oral and written form, clearly and concisely with members, management, and support staff.
Ability to work independently, prioritize work assignments and to handle many projects simultaneously.
Ability to work under pressure and handle competing deadlines.
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications for a PC environment.
Disclaimer Statement: The preceding job description has been written to reflect management’s assignment of essential functions. It does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.
AAMVA is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment."	11146	Washington
National Industrial Security System Services Lead	Peraton	Chantilly, VA	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.

Qualifications

Active TS/SCI security clearance requiredBachelor's degree in computer science, IT, or equivalent technical discipline.Eight years of relevant experience as program or project manager with active Project Management Professional certification.Demonstrated and current experience managing a program or TO delivering systems, tools, or soutions in production, while fielding system updates and modifications.Experience providing customer support functions and improving customer experience, while implementing and managing SLAs and performance metrics.Demonstrated experience managing cost, schedule, budget, licenses, and components on a program, project, or TO.
- Experience providing system sustainment, new capabilities development, and system end user training. - The lead shall have demonstrated experience interfacing between his/her core NISS team and the greater enterprise team and senior management levels to ensure timely collaboration and coordination of efforts.The Lead shall also have demonstrated experience in selecting and ensuring that all team members have the technical skills needed to complete the required NISS requirements successfully, to include establishing continuous training for onboarding team members via in-person, webinar, or web-based trainings.

Responsibilities

The NISS Lead will provide seamless integration of other DCSA systems and applications such as Defense Information Security Systems (DISS) and planned integrations with NISP Contract Classification System and eMASS. Provide DCSA with comprehensive enhanced capability to manage its entire mission portfolio, improve information sharing and collaboration, and provide timely and accurate information to field representatives for decision making. Also, provide agency-wide metrics to measure and improve agency performance in providing security oversight and national security protection."	11146	Washington
Accounting Manager (JO-2106-121935)	Ledgent Finance & Accounting	Washington, DC 20036 (Downtown area)	$80,000 - $95,000 a year	"Accounting Manager

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS & QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or related field required.

 SPECIAL LICENSES, REGISTRATION OR CERTIFICATION:

Certified Public Accountant (CPA) required

 LEVEL & TYPE OF EXPERIENCE:

Experience in Higher Education and/or Non-Profit required
5+years of progressive accounting experience with a portion of it being in a supervisory role.
Experience with Great Plains and Power Campus database systems preferred.
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations.
Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedures manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from internal and external customers.
Intermediate to advanced Microsoft Excel skills.

?ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES (Functions and Tasks):

Oversee and manage the accounts payable and accounts receivable functions.
Perform monthly reconciliations of the general ledger for cash and non-cash accounts.
Assist with year-end financial audit activities and compile assigned audit schedules.
Prepare and analyze financial data to ensure accuracy and completeness.
Perform ad hoc analysis and projects as requested.
Develop staff by managing performance, providing ongoing training, and maintaining strong employee relationships.
Review and prepare cash receipt deposits.
Research and resolve cash receipt or account receivable-related inquiries.
Serve as a backup for student refund processing, cash receipts entering, and collections accounting.
Assists students in making payment arrangements and payment plans, as needed.
Manage campus-wide parking permit system and processes.
Other duties as assigned.
We are an equal opportunity employer and make hiring decisions based on merit. Recruitment, hiring, training, and job assignments are made without regard to race, color, national origin, age, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, disability, or any other protected classification. We consider all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance."	11146	Washington
Clinical Research Enrollment Specialist - Subject Recruiter	General Dynamics Information Technology	Bethesda, MD	None	"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: NACLC (T3)
Requisition Type: Regular
We are GDIT. As one of the largest IT and mission services providers to the government, we own our opportunities to better enable healthcare organizations to identify theirs.You can make GDIT your place. You make it your own by turning obstacles into action. By owning your opportunity at GDIT, you’ll play an important role in providing the technologies and services that millions of healthcare professionals depend on, every day. Our work depends on a Clinical Research Subject Recruiter joining our team to support the Naval Medical Research Center Clinical Trials Center (NMRC CTC) activities in Maryland.At GDIT, we put our people first. As a Clinical Research Enrollment Specialist - Subject Recruiter supporting the Malaria Department for the Naval Medical Research Center Clinical Trials Center (NMRC CTC) located at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center (WRNMMC) in Bethesda Maryland. The NMRC CTC conducts clinical trials of candidate vaccines designed to protect military against infectious diseases, such as malaria. GDIT provides scientific, technical and programmatic support services to the Malaria Department.In this role, a typical day will include-
Performs direct recruiting/advertising activities (involving the setup and coordination of daily recruitment table activities) for multiple research projects using advertisements approved by the appropriate Institutional Review Board (IRB) using media available and feasible for the studies open for recruitment at NMRC and NSA Bethesda.
Ensures up-to-date recruitment materials/advertisements are publicly available via all approved platforms (i.e.; CTC website, NMRC website, social media, bulletin boards, etc.)
Demonstrates excellent interpersonal communication and collaborates well with others as part of a multi-disciplinary team to include Principal Investigators, the Center Director and Program Manager, Clinical Research Coordinators, Clinical Research Assistants, Data Managers, and other center staff.
Works with the study team to draft and update recruitment fliers, recruitment scripts, and other recruitment related materials; helps team keep track of expiration dates of various recruiting documents.
Conducts IRB-approved recruitment activities, which may include manning a recruitment table and conducting scripted telephone interviews with potential participants.
Attends recruitment meetings with study staff, clinicians, and/or potential participants.
Schedules consent/screening meetings between potential participants and study team members.
Creates, updates, and maintains a recruitment database.
Develops clinical contacts throughout WRNMMC for the purpose of updating clinicians regarding recruitment for ongoing studies and securing new recruitment table locations.
Works with study team to develop working knowledge of all ongoing studies and effectively communicates the design and inclusion criteria of these studies to potential participants.
Assists in administrative duties to further the mission of CTC as needed by Principal Investigator and Program Manager.
WHAT YOU’LL NEED-
BA/BS in the life sciences, marketing, communications, business administration, related discipline, or equivalent education and experience.
2+ years of clinical research experience as a recruiter or related skills are required.
Understanding of marketing and advertising strategies. Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint), email, and voicemail.
Strong presentation, communication (oral and written), and documentation skills.
Ability to demonstrate professionalism and respect for hospital policy and participants rights. Ability to understand and utilize scientific/medical terminology and research theory in both oral and written communications.
Excellent interpersonal skills, organizational skills, and teamwork skills.
Physical Capabilities: (1) Long periods of speaking and accommodating prospective participants; (2) Able to post fliers, billboards, and other media; (3) Able to lift/carry about 20 lbs. of recruiting materials; (4) Long periods of sitting or standing.
Schedule: This position will require earlier hours and flexibility during peak season. This position has the potential to require communication with recruited subjects using a NMRC-provided cell phone outside of normal working hours (e.g. evenings or weekends as needed).
Background: US Citizenship required; eligibility to obtain a favorable NACLC (T3).
WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU:
401K with company match
Customizable health benefits packages
Internal mobility team dedicated to helping you own your career
Challenging work that makes a real impact on the world around you
Full-flex work week
#GDITpriority
GDIT CAREERSOpportunity OwnedNot sure this job’s the one for you? Check out our other openings at gdit.com/careers. We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class."	11146	Washington
Installation Contractor	LeafFilter North, LLC	Upper Marlboro, MD	None	"LeafFilter Gutter Protection Installers needed for immediate work as independent contractors. We provide in-depth knowledge so you can correctly and efficiently install our gutter protection system. We provide you with pre-sold jobs along with all the materials needed to install on a daily basis. The best part is we provide weekly direct deposit pay and do not require you to ever complete any estimates or sales.
Working with LeafFilter is more than just another contracting job - it’s an opportunity to earn a great income, freedom to grow your business on your terms, and a chance to put down roots in your community! While you’re helping homeowners by installing the best gutter protection on the market, you’ll be backed by the support of the largest gutter protection company in North America. Are you looking for work with weekly pay and the ability to set your own schedule? Because we’re looking to grow our team of installers TODAY!
What’s in it for me?
Pre-sold jobs – all you do is show up and install with the ability to complete on average 2 jobs per day
Flexible schedule – you set your own work schedule, work part-time, full-time or as needed
Weekly Pay – we pay per job and pay weekly through direct deposit, no more waiting weeks or months to be paid
Comprehensive Instruction – learn how to install our system the right way, the first time
Onboarding Assistance – we’ll help you obtain general liability and/or workers comp insurance if you don’t already have it
Advancement – many installers move on to become employees as Field Trainers, Service Technicians, and Install Project Managers
Responsibilities:
Installation – Correct installation of gutter protection system on customer’s home following established training guidelines
Inventory - maintain accurate inventory and equipment for installations
Post Install Review – Complete walkaround of home post-installation and provide customer with certificate of completion
Requirements:
Reliable truck, van or SUV that can carry ladders
Active and valid drivers license
Multi-height and adjustable ladders (24’, 26’ adjustable, and 32’ feet in height)
Functioning tools to include drills, speed square, saw or grinder, etc.
Valid general liability insurance or the ability to obtain
#IND123 #CB"	11146	Washington
Deployment Lead	Insight Global	Washington, DC 20004 (Downtown area)	None	"JOB DESCRIPTIONOur client is embarking on a global and challenging program to replace disparate document management systems with one global SaaS solution. This is a complex, challenging program and will impact the entire Firm of over 7,000 people globally.The program encompasses architecture design, infrastructure changes, systems integration, data migration, user deployment, transition to service, Quality Assurance, change enablement, communications & training workstreams.
The Global Deployment Project Manager will design, implement, and coordinate all aspects of the user deployment phase of the program, including the deployment strategy, detailed deployment schedule, resource planning, development of inventories and tooling, processes, KPIs and reporting.They will define and create the Deployment Team in Americas and International and will work closely with the wider program team and IT department to identify the best approach for the deployment of the system, agree how to leverage local IT resources and third party staff in order to effectively support the smooth and effective transition to service and actively manage all dependencies including the CAB process, notification to service desk, data migration, completion of training and communications to users and local IT support resources.
During the migration phase, the Global Deployment Project Manager will actively coordinate documentation and reporting of all issues across a range of sources, including Service Desk, Floor Walkers, Regional IT Support and trainers and will report issues into the Program team for triaging and remediation.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTSProduce the Deployment Plan and Schedule, articulating all aspects of the deployment phase of the Program including Early Adopters and Pilots. Develop all deployment processes, procedures, reporting, and tooling required to support the end-to-end deployment phase of the project.Plan and deliver the Early Adopter and Pilot phases of the deployment plan, including establishment of entry and exit criteria and tracking/reporting against the agreed criteria for a formal go/no go at each stage of deployment. Produce and optimize the detailed deployment schedules, liaising with a range of stakeholders with varying areas of interest and constraints. Work with the technical team to develop, test and implement an effective means of deploying the system to all users.Identify, agree and follow Change Approval Board (CAB) processes for notifying and approving migration plans. Identify and manage the optimal source of information regarding Users and assets (laptops, desktops, mobile devices) to plan and deploy the application to all in-scope devices.Investigate and identify the most efficient order for deployment globally and within individual offices to minimize impact to firm users (due to the need for coexistence between legacy and new platforms).Assist with the identification and sourcing of the resources required to support deployment activities, both internal and external to the organization. This will include resources required for deployment, virtual/physical hand holders, issues managers and intensive support model. Build and manage the deployment team, approx. 8 FTEs split between Americas and International plus Technicians required to support installation of the system onto individual laptops.Create and own the deployment runbook to support the smooth transition to service. Support the in-country resources through go-live and hyper-care to minimize disruption to users and to facilitate the smooth transition to service. Work closely with the other workstreams to provide support to their activities related to deployment and the region, particularly the Transition to Service workstream, communications and End User training.
DESIRED SKILLSPrior experience of working with a global law firm is a mandatory requirement.Has successfully planned and delivered global software deployment projects in a Deployment leadership position. Has experience of planning and delivering large scale global deployments within a technology environment, including hyper-care activities. Has experience of working on large scale complex projects or programs, within deployment and/or change management roles.Experience of delivering cloud based SAAS solutions. Has knowledge and experience of Document Management SystemsA minimum of 10 years working within projects or change management roles Able to demonstrate a minimum of 3 successful large deployments, at least one globally. A recognized Change or Project Management certification such as Prince2, PMP or Change Management Practitioner."	11146	Washington
Expert Functional Specialist - NTM	Peraton	Springfield, VA	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law.
As a government contractor, Peraton abides by the following provision
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).

Qualifications

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Bachelors degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Remote Sensing, Photogrammetry, Image Science, Data Science, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, Geography, or other related degree program, or related equivalent additional experience.
Demonstrated experience providing guidance and direction in high technology programs.
18+ years of experience in guidance, consultation, facilitation, and thought leadership to the client and/or project team based on specialized in-depth expertise in such fields as:
engineering and technology
policy and administration
program management
planning
analysis
training and development
facilities
communications
visual design
human capital
business
Current knowledge of NGA and NRO architecture, programs, mission, tools, services, and the interaction between the two.
Understanding of NTM data and products.
Understanding of agile (SAFe) development and methodologies.
Able to work across both NGA and NRO agencies.
Able to work with personnel at all levels of the organization.
Desired:
Masters degree or higher in Remote Sensing, Photogrammetry, Image Science, Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, Geography, or other related degree program.
Expert-level experience in engineering, design and analysis of IT or related systems experience in all phases of design, development, analysis and documentation, and development of standards and guidelines for tasks being performed.
Expert-level experience working with DoD/IC Acquisition Process or PPBES.
Experience with Remote Sensing, Photogrammetry, or Image Science.
Working knowledge of Model-Based Systems Engineering, processes, tools and languages.
Previous NGA and/or NSG/ASG program/project work experience.
Previous IC or DoD program/project work experience.
Experience with Agile software development methodologies.
Experience with:
Project Management software (Project, Primavera)
Financial tracking software
Customer relationship management CRM software.
Enterprise resource planning ERP software.
Responsibilities

Functional Specialist/Advisor (Expert-Level)
Overall Assignment Description:
Provides expertise, guidance, consultation, facilitation, and thought leadership to the client and/or project team based on specialized in-depth expertise in such fields as: engineering and technology; policy and administration; planning; analysis; training and development; facilities; communications; visual design; human capital; business; and management. Ensures that quality is an integral part of the development, design and manufacture of products or services. Monitors requirements through test and measurement activities; manages/leads quality assurance activities.
Duties may include:
Proactively gather information, or initiate Technical Exchange Meetings with stakeholders or POCs, required to resolve unknowns or complete assigned tasking.
Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine approach and feasibility of design within time and cost constraints.
Analyze information to determine, recommend, and plan computer specifications and layouts, and peripheral equipment modifications.
Provide analysis findings as reports, matrices, graphs, or presentations.
Review existing programs and assist in making refinements, reducing operating time, and improve current techniques.
Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces.
Obtain and evaluate information on factors such as reporting formats required, costs, and security needs to determine hardware configuration.
Estimate software development costs and schedule.
Consult with customers about software system design and maintenance.
Consult with engineering staff to evaluate interface between hardware and software, develop specifications and performance requirements and resolve customer problems.
Confer with data processing and project managers to obtain information on limitations and capabilities for data processing projects.
Prepare reports and correspondence concerning project specifications, activities and status.
Evaluate factors such as reporting formats required, cost constraints, and need for security restrictions to determine hardware configuration."	11146	Washington
Badge Administrator	Aerotek	Hanover, MD 21076	$18 an hour	"Equivalent Experience

Description:
The following is the basic schedule that the Badge Administrator does on a daily basis:


Monday

The main focus of Monday’s is working on Dailies all day to catch up with the requests that were put in Friday evening through Monday morning.


Tuesday- Friday

Work on dailies in the morning. Pull any daily badge up until about 11am.
After 12pm, start working on any new sites or any projects that may be needed. Examples would be programming new sites.

There are exceptions to this. Depending on how busy it gets on dailies badge administrator may need to push back the afternoon schedule to continue working on daily requests.
As a good practice, the timeline from the Project Manager should be checked daily to ensure every site has their badges a month before they are set to go online. The same week a project is submitted by project manager or Noelle, an email requesting badge information should be sent to the site or designated Aerotek contact. If possible site should be given a month to gather information, and leave a month for processing for the BA before the site goes online.
For badging an entire Aerotek site, badge information must be requested from Kofi Opoku and David Benton. Photos for an Aerotek site should be requested from Leslie Chitwood. They only require the city, state and office number.
_____________________________________________________________________________________
The badge administrator is also asked to remotely check in with sites when they are having issues with their doors locking, unlocking, getting jammed etc.

Some common issues:
“Our door won’t lock”

Ask is it possible this door was unlocked with a key? Are you able to turn the handle? (should not be able to in locked position)
Is the light on the card reader “green”? - this means the door is programmed to be unlocked.

“Our door is stuck”

Ask if they can see what the door is stuck on, if it is not related to the badging system our techs cannot fix it. Have them have the building engineer take a look before dispatching a tech.

Skills:
badging, front desk, computer systems, security

Top Skills Details:
badging,front desk,computer systems

Additional Skills & Qualifications:

computer skills/proficiency
emailing proficiency and follow up
technical skills

Experience Level:
Entry Level

About Aerotek:
We know that a company's success starts with its employees. We also know that an individual's success starts with the right career opportunity. As a Best of Staffing® Client and Talent leader, Aerotek's people-focused approach yields competitive advantage for our clients and rewarding careers for our contract employees. Since 1983, Aerotek has grown to become a leader in recruiting and staffing services. With more than 250 non-franchised offices, Aerotek's 8,000 internal employees serve more than 300,000 contract employees and 18,000 clients every year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in talent solutions.

The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law."	11146	Washington
Subject Matter Expert - Tobacco Control	Mb Staffing Services	Washington, DC	$78,000 - $82,992 a year	Mb Staffing Services, a renowned Staffing firm in Washington, D.C., is looking to hire a subject matter expert with excellent credentials in public health and program management. We are looking for candidates who are adept at working with their team to be productive, take initiative, and above all to place the greater D.C. community first. Apply today!Subject Matter Expert I(Tobacco Control Program)Position DescriptionAbout the jobOur client promotes healthy behaviors and healthy environments to improve health outcomes and reduce disparities in the leading causes of mortality and morbidity in the District. They focus on nutrition and physical fitness promotion; cancer and chronic disease prevention and control; access to quality health care services, particularly medical and dental homes; and the health of families across the lifespan. They work closely with health systems, community-based organizations, governmental agencies and other key partners to provide data, consultation, technical assistance, and leadership to ensure that data-driven, evidence-based and sustainable approaches are utilized to improve cancer and chronic disease health outcomes among District residents. The Tobacco Control Analyst serves as the tobacco cessation specialist within the department and performs analytical work contributing to the improvement of public health programs through evidence-based practices. Assists senior analysts on the management, assessment, development and implementation of public health programs and handles programs that are less complex and of limited scope and difficulty. The SME I uses considerable discretion and independent judgment in the performance of duties.RESPONSIBILITIESAssists with development of strategic plans, operational plans, budgets, project plans, evaluation plans, and other administrative tools.Gathers and analyzes data to assess community needs and performance, effectiveness, and impact of programs and policies.Issues orders, writes citations, performs restrictions and condemnation duties of establishments, recommends approval or denial tobacco exemption licenses. Responds to tobacco- related complaints. Maintains database of requests and actions taken.Provides effective technical assistance and consultation to grantees related to tobacco use cessation best practices, data collection and reporting protocols, development of performance measures specific to the program and of program evaluation designs. Responds to inquiries and resolves issues.Assists in the development of procedure and policy manuals for the bureau.Writes proposals, grant applications, and other required materials; submits all grant applications in a timely manner.Prepares period and ad-hoc reports regarding program activities and performance for submission to District and federal agencies and other specified entities.Drafts documents and correspondence for internal and external audiences, including, but not limited to memos, invitations, email communications, conference abstracts, presentations, and sections of manuscripts.Establishes and maintains partnerships and communication pathways between the program and a wide range of stakeholders, including, but not limited to: providers, payers, policy-makers, educators, and program administrators. Collaborates with other programs within the department to leverage program activities.Serves as programmatic support to local coalitions as it pertains to tobacco control and preventionMay serve as a team leader and periodically as multi-agency team leader or project manager.Performs other duties as assigned.QUALIFICATIONSEducation: Bachelor's Degree or an equivalent combination of education and/or experienceExperience: (1) year of experience in public health, health care administration, or program coordination.Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities: Practical knowledge of public health concepts, principles, and evidenced-based strategies to reach targeted populations.Full working knowledge of the concepts, principles, practices, methods, and techniques of the public health program assigned.Knowledge of programs in other areas that overlap or have impact on the general health care system.Excellent organizational, customer service, and administrative skills as well as strong writing and analytic skills.Ability to manage and work on multiple tasks and under tight deadlines; to identify, locate, and summarize information for various audiences.Ability to work effectively with peers, agency heads, and other health care professionals, as well as participating internal/external administrations.Ability to communicate both orally and in writing to provide, obtain, and clarify information and respond to consumer requests.Ability to work independently in an intellectually challenging environment as well as the willingness to handle routine tasks that keep the office functioning.Skilled in the use of technology, including knowledge of the Windows Office Suite, internet literacy, and willingness to learn new computer skills as necessary.Work Environment The tour of duty for this position is Monday – Friday, 8:14am – 4:45pm. The work is to be done virtually until staff are able to return to the office.The period of performance is through April 28, 2021.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $78,000.00 - $82,992.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceEmployee assistance programHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayContract Length:2 months or lessWork Location:One locationThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focusedPeople-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focusedTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	11146	Washington
Nurse Case Manager -Top Secret Clearance/SCI with FS Polygraph Req'd	QTC Management, Inc.	McLean, VA	None	"Job Summary

QTC Medical Group has a Nurse Case Manager opening for an experienced cleared professional seeking a rewarding and challenging opportunity supporting medical services for an Intelligence Community customer. Position may be part-time, day shift, and candidate must possess current TS/SCI clearance with polygraph.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Initiate contact with consumer Attorney, and maintain as necessary
Secure Authorization for Release of Medical Information
Conduct initial interview, collecting current and historical consumer information
Obtain medical restrictions from attending physician through completion of Physical Capabilities Evaluation Form
Coordinate receipt of all pertinent details necessary for assessment of medical condition
Determine case direction, establishing specific rehabilitation objectives and goals towards physical and psychological recovery and define associated actions
Coordinate service delivery from external providers and community resources
Implement medical management through routine physician contact and routine contact with other relevant medical personnel (e.g. physical therapist, occupational therapist, nutritionist, etc.)
Coordinate and monitor participation in appropriate rehabilitative programs
Monitor and evaluate rehabilitative progress and obtainment of goal
Secure completed Job Description from the Employer, and pursue job accommodations as appropriate
Coordinate and maintain schedule of daily activities
Formulate timely case reports, to include presentation of factual information and analysis of such
Submit timely office reports as requested
Determine vocational interventions and maintain regular contact with Vocational Case Manager when appropriate to monitor Consumer progress
Adhere to all applicable physician, hospital, facility procedures and protocols during case management activities; build and maintain productive relationships with all professional contacts
As needed, assign any clinical duties to appropriate professional staff
As appropriate, escalate issues to senior personnel and/or management for guidance and resolution
Perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned

Competencies:

Ability to establish working relationships and effective communication with professional personnel of various backgrounds
Ability to communicate clearly, both verbally and in writing
Previous experience in writing factual, clear, and concise reports, to include situational analysis
Ability to maintain daily scheduled activities and effective time management skills
Excellent organizational and accuracy skills
Previous involvement in coordination of medical services
Ability to conduct thorough medical records review
Ability to assess medical status and formulate recommendations
Decisive and efficient decision-making skills
Computer skills, to include proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook)

Education and/or Experience: (includes certificate & licenses)

Associate's Degree in Nursing; Bachelor's Degree preferred
Minimum of three years of direct patient care experience required; previous case management experience desirable
Current, unrestricted licensure as a Registered Nurse, permitting practice in a state or territory of the United States, specifically those states or territories in which services are provided
Maintain at least one current, unrestricted industry-related National Professional Certification (Professional Certification(s) achieved or working towards upon eligibility) – Certified Case Manager (CCM) or Board Certification in Case Management (RN-BC)
Possess independent transportation and current, unrestricted driver's license
Upon hire (or prior to), maintain workers' compensation, case management, or other applicable licenses/certifications required by assigned states/jurisdictions
Participate in ongoing continuing education courses/activities as required by the standards of current professional license(s)/certification(s)

This job description supersedes all prior job descriptions and is intended to describe the general content and essential requirements for the position listed above. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of requirements, duties and responsibilities. Management reserves the right to add or change the duties of this position as required at any time.

QTC Medical Group is a VEVRAA Federal contractor and an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company has an ongoing commitment to affirmative action and the creation of a workplace free of discrimination, harassment and retaliation. The company recruits, hires, trains, and promotes individuals in all job titles without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, people with disabilities protected under law, and protected veteran status.
Travel Required
No. N/A
Qualifications
Skills
Preferred
Review Medical Reports/Evaluations
Advanced
Medical Documentation
Advanced
Written Communication
Advanced
Verbal Communication
Advanced
Behaviors
Preferred
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Team Player: Works well as a member of a group
:
Motivations
Preferred
Work-Life Balance: Inspired to perform well by having ample time to pursue work and interests outside of work
Growth Opportunities: Inspired to perform well by the chance to take on more responsibility
Entrepreneurial Spirit: Inspired to perform well by an ability to drive new ventures within the business
Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization
Goal Completion: Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks
:
Education
Required
Associates or better in Nursing.
Preferred
Bachelors or better in Nursing.
Experience
Required
Maintain at least one current, unrestricted industry-related National Professional Certification (Professional Certification(s) achieved or working towards upon eligibility) – Certified Case Manager (CCM) or Board Certification in Case Management (RN-BC)
Current, unrestricted licensure as a Registered Nurse, permitting practice in a state or territory of the United States, specifically those states or territories in which services are provided.
3 years: Direct patient care experience required; previous case management experience desirable
Licenses & Certifications
Required
Registered Nurse"	11146	Washington
Administrative Assistant	LaserShip, Inc.	Vienna, VA 22182	$15 an hour	Title:Office Admin Support for Delivery Drivers.Company Overview:Founded in 1986, LaserShip is the largest regional e-commerce carrier in the U.S. For over three decades, we’ve been the leading provider of last-mile delivery services for the nation’s largest online retailers and product supply businesses. LaserShip is a values-based, customer-oriented, and fast-paced organization composed of caring individuals and focused teams. With approximately 60 offices in 20 states, LaserShip continues to grow and provide excellent career opportunities for its workers.LaserShip is a values-based, customer-oriented, high-growth and fast-paced organization composed of caring individuals and focused teams.Role Overview:Our company has an opening for an IC Administrator who will be providing support to the Operations team under the supervision of the Delivery Resources Manager. This is an essential role within the corporate based Delivery Resources team which oversees the administrative aspect of the relationship between LaserShip and the network of contractors it partners with to provide shipping and delivery services.Job Requirements:Review new and existing contractor documents and contracts for accuracy, completeness, and proper execution.Perform and review Criminal Background Checks, Motor Vehicle Reports (Driving records) and drug tests when applicable.Identify and escalate key compliance-related issues to the Delivery Resources manager.Perform basic periodical driver document audits for accuracy.Answer various incoming inquiries from LaserShip terminals relating to independent contractors drivers.Assist with other department duties and projects as needed.Primary Skills & Qualifications1-3 years of experience in an administrative role.Detail-oriented and highly organized.Strong communication and customer-service skills.Intermediate to Proficient understanding of Microsoft Office suiteAbility to work both individually and as part of a team.Benefits include (if applicable): Medical, Dental, VacationLaserShip is an Equal Opportunity EmployerJob Type: Full-timePay: $15.00 per hourBenefits:Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftEducation:High school or equivalent (Preferred)Experience:Administrative experience: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11146	Washington
Manager, Salesforce Marketing Cloud Developer	Sparks Group	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)	None	"Job Summary/Company:
Sparks Group in collaboration with a Not-for-profit organization is searching for a Manager, Salesforce Marketing Cloud Developer responsible for implementing integrations between Salesforce and Marketing Cloud. The Manager will provide ongoing support with administrator functions across multiple Business Units, as well as supporting multiple Data Extensions. This is a fully remote opportunity; candidate can sit anywhere in the United States. If you are interested in learning more about the opportunity, please submit your resume today.
Responsibilities:
Maintain open communication with the entire team regarding current project status, issues, concerns, etc.
Create SQL queries in Automation Studio to segment audiences
Develop and maintain email templates within Marketing Cloud
Develop and enhance company’s user preference center with Marketing Cloud
Create and maintain Automations/Data Extensions and connector data transfer processes in Marketing Cloud
Perform Administrator functions such as user management, profile configuration, data management, etc.
Work with Salesforce, support vendors, and internal technical staff to troubleshoot and apply new features, upgrades, and patches
Identify areas of improvement and make actionable recommendations to increase operational efficiency and user adoption
Develop documentation of current processes and future enhancements
Qualifications/Background Profile:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Computer Engineering, or equal experience
5+ years of relevant work experience OR demonstrated ability to meet the job requirements through a comparable number of years of applicable work experience
Knowledge of Salesforce Marketing Cloud (ExactTarget), including how it integrates with Core Salesforce platforms
3 years of experience as email developer/technical resource on the Salesforce Marketing Cloud platform (strongly preferred)
Ability to use HTML and AmpScript to solve template creation challenges
Experience and understanding of relational databases and development competency around MS SQL Server, MySQL
Experience with HTML, XML, SQL, Java, SOAP and REST-based web services
Demonstrated understanding of the full range of customer information/data management systems and related processes and protocols
Download the Sparks Group Jobs mobile app from Apple App Store or Google Play.
-
Qualified candidates should send their resume AND call Sparks Group for additional details. Please note, resume must include a valid email address in order to be considered. We look forward to discussing your background, your current job search, and your potential career path with Sparks Group!
Sparks Group is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, pregnancy, citizenship, family status, genetic information, disability, or protect veteran status.
Sponsored by Sparks Group"	11146	Washington
Cybersecurity Manager- CISSP- Secret Clearance	Entegee	Washington, DC	$60 - $70 an hour	Cybersecurity ManagerWashington, DC6 Months Temp-to-HireSecret Clearance required- Must be eligible for TS clearanceCISSP requiredDetails: Looking for an on-site Cybersecurity Supervisor with excellent hands on experience in Cyber Security, Project Management, and supervising direct reports. Responsibilities include providing direct support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as managing the Team providing support providing support to the ISSM.Duties include: Provide support to the Echelon II Information Systems Security Manager (ISSM) as well as System ISSMs.Work directly with the Echelon II ISSM to identify strategic goals and objectivesLead the breakdown of the project goals into achievable objectivesWork with the Echelon II ISSM to effectively prioritize projects and tasking for direct reportsSupport and provide expert guidance on all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkMaintain the SSP Enterprise systems Assessment and Authorization (A&A) packages; topologies; ports, protocol, and services lists; contingency plans, disaster recovery procedures, incident response plans, and POA&Ms.Support the development and monitoring of cybersecurity policy and proceduresAnalyze and advise on issues, threats, and incident responses for enterprise and tactical systemsAssist in conducting internal audits of enterprise IT networks, systems, applications, and security tools to ensure they adhere to Navy, and DoD security policies and procedures (e.g., STIGs, CTOs, IAVMs, FRAGOs, NTDs, etc.) and applicable frameworks and regulations (e.g., NIST, FISMA, etc.)Review DoD, DON cyber security alerts, notices, IAVMs, etc., and conduct risk assessments and discuss mitigation strategies when needed.Provide technical guidance to the IAM/ISSM, CIO, Cybersecurity Workgroup (CSWG), Program Managers (PMs), Program Management Officers (PMOs), FBM Partners, etc. on cybersecurity matters and initiatives, including researching new technologies to counter evolving threats.Perform supervisory duties including, but not limited to, hiring, training, evaluating, counselling, and disciplining employees.Ensure personnel are properly qualified to perform duties effectively. Identify successors for all key positions. Sets technical and performance objectives with subordinates. Conduct performance appraisals. Ensure that all personnel are informed of and adhere to all pertinent company policies and procedures.Qualifications: Active Secret DoD Clearance AND Ability to obtain and maintain Top Secret DoD ClearanceCISSPBS Degree in Information Systems or similar8+ years of directly related experienceKnowledge and experience with assessing NIST 800-53 security controlsFamiliarity with NIST Special PublicationsKnowledge and understanding of security technologies including vulnerability scanning (ACAS), firewalls, HBSS and data protection/encryption systemsSolid analytical, planning, and organizational skills with the ability to multi-taskAbility to work with teams and independently on projectsExcellent verbal and written communication skillsAbility to establish and maintain effective working relationships with partners and government officialsAbility to obtain and maintain Common Access Card (CAC) along with badge access to the customer’s facilityAbility to obtain and maintain a network account in good standing on the customer’s networkAbility to meet the requirements for an IAM III as specified in the DoD 8570 within 6 months of startRequirements: Experience managing direct reportsExperience with all steps of the Navy’s Risk Management FrameworkExperience with information security configuration guides or DISA STIGsExperience developing policies, procedures, and technical training materialsExperience developing strategic goals and objectivesExperience managing projects of various size to include multi-team projectsExperience creating project charters, project plans, and project schedulesEqual Opportunity Employer/Veterans/DisabledTo read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visit https://www.entegee.com/candidate-privacy-information-statement/The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Cybersecurity: 8 years (Required)NIST standards: 5 years (Required)RMF: 5 years (Required)DISA STIGs: 5 years (Required)Cybersecurity Management: 2 years (Required)License/Certification:CISSP (Required)Security Clearance:Secret (Required)Contract Length:More than 1 yearFull Time Opportunity:YesWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11146	Washington
Warehouse Associate III	Kelly	Elkridge, MD 21075	None	"The Warehouse Associate III position requires picking bulk materials for production, picking finish goods for delivery to our customer, stocking shelves, hazardous material shipping, general maintenance, and other warehouse-related duties.

What You Will Do
Responsible for the efficient flow of products from the point of product receipt, to the storage of product, to the shipment of the product (via prescribed service parameters)
Ensure DOT HAZMAT compliance on all Hazardous material shipping to customers
Supervise warehouse operations when Operations Manager and Assistant Team Leader are not available (Distribution Centers included)
Pick and pack Hazardous Material based on DOT HAZMAT requirements
Stock raw material goods from receiving
Pick raw material goods per production plan and deliver to designated areas within the warehouse
The stock finished good material from production to designated shelves
Process returns from internal and external customers
Process and complete orders according to customer requirements
Before product shipment, count all products, compare to the packing slip, and check all shipments for damage, infestation, and expiration dates
Report shortages, damages, and miss picks on appropriate forms and inform Warehouse Supervisors of the corrections needed
Check contents of all orders
Compare the quantity, quality, labeling, and address with the customer's order to ensure outgoing shipments are complete and correct
Maintain warehouse cleanliness and safety standards
Follow PCCA's Standard Operating Procedures
Assists with related special/miscellaneous projects, as required

Who You Are
High school diploma or general education degree (GED)
Three to five years¿ experience in a warehouse
Warehouse logistics and forklift experience required
Ability to travel a minimum of four times per year required
Valid Driver License
Ability to effectively communicate
Ability to be flexible and adapt quickly to change
Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and math skills
Must be detail-oriented and a self-starter
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment
Ability to work overtime with short notice
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Interment computer skills in Microsoft Word, Outlook, and the Internet
MFG-PRO/AIM-warehouse management systems and RF scanner experience

Certifications:
DOT HAZMAT certified (Air and Ground)

Physical Requirements:
This position requires daily standing, bending, reaching
Must be capable of lifting up to but not limited to 75lbs
Ascending or descending stairs, ramps, and the like, using feet and legs and/or hands and arms
Bending legs downward and forward by bending leg and spine.
Moving about on foot to accomplish the task, particularly for long distances.
Using upper extremities to press against something with steady force to thrust forward, downward, or outward.
Standing, particularly for sustained periods.
Using upper extremities to exert force to move objects in a sustained motion.
Raising objects from a lower to a higher position or moving objects horizontally from position to position.
Substantial movements (motion) of the wrist, hands, and/or fingers in a repetitive manner.
Exerting up to 50 pounds of force occasionally to lift, carry, pull, or otherwise move objects.

Candidates will need to be DOT HAZMAT certified (air and ground) and must pass the hazmat test within 60 days
The hours are M-F, 10am - 7pm
Please contact me at (302) 757-3340 or KELT064@kellyservices.com
Why Kelly®?
You’re looking to keep your career moving onward and upward, and we’re here to help you do just that. Our financial staffing experts will connect you with premier companies for opportunities where you can learn, grow, and thrive. Jobs that fit your skills and experience, and most importantly, fit right on your path of where you want to go in in your career. It all adds up.
About Kelly®
At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance.
]]"	11146	Washington
Biostatistician II/III	System One	Gaithersburg, MD	None	"Permanent Biostatistician Opportunity Available.


Fully Remote!

Job Description:
Responsibilities include but not limited to the following:
Assists in the review of statistical sections of clinical protocols using appropriate statistical methodology for the specific trial, including selection of study design, sample size, and analyses.
Reviews database design, CRFs, and edit checks.
Prepares or reviews statistical analysis plans and tables/listings/figures shells.
Prepares or reviews statistical sections for relevant background documents for regulatory agencies.
Writes specifications for or produce data sets, tables, figures, and listings for submissions, publications, and internal needs.
Provides programming support to programming team when it is needed for the validation of clinical study tables and listings.
Write codes for generating graphs for external dissemination, simulation based power calculations, and development of statistical analysis macros.
Is a good team player. Has good business ethics and leadership skills.
Meets deadlines while maintaining high quality standards.
Performs other duties as requested to meet company milestones including support for Senior Manager, Biostatistics.
Minimum requirements:
Master's Degree in Statistics (or equivalent degree) with at least 2-3 years of experience in a pharmaceutical company (pharma), biotech, or clinical research organization (CRO) servicing the pharmaceutical industry or PhD in Statistics with at least 1-2 years of experience in pharma/biotech/CRO.
Knowledge of experimental design for clinical trials, power calculations, simulations, time-to-event analyses, and other methods for assessment of efficacy, safety, and immunogenicity.
Familiarity with current ICH guidance pertinent to clinical development.
Proven knowledge and expertise in biostatistics and its application to vaccine clinical trials. Solid knowledge and experience in vaccine development process, including evaluation of epidemiologic data for definition of key endpoints and assessment of correlates of risk.
Able to thrive in a fast-paced team environment and work independently on projects.
Very good communication and presentation skills. Ability to communicate statistical concepts across functions.
Thorough and up-to-date working knowledge of statistical software packages. Hands-on programming experience. One to two years SAS programming experience (Base SAS, SAS/STAT, SAS/GRAPH, and SAS macro language) and other statistical software (e.g., R or JMP) in pharma/biotech/CRO.
Experience with CDISC is preferred."	11146	Washington
Senior/Lead Researcher, Computer Vision - REMOTE ROLE	Comcast	Washington, DC 20005 (Logan Circle area)	None	"Job Summary Comcast Applied AI & Discovery is an innovative research group within Comcast’s Technology & Product organization with offices in Washington DC, Philadelphia, Denver and Chicago that engages in groundbreaking research to re-invent customer experience for Comcast’s 22+ Million consumers using AI and machine learning. To learn more about the team visit - https://jobs.comcast.com/ml-ai-team-page

The AI for Connected Living (CL) team under Comcast Applied AI & Discovery brings the Computer Vision and Deep Learning capability and delivers brilliant features to our connected living product. The vision of our team is to enhance our customers’ safety and connectivity in the home by creating smart home and internet experience with AI technologies. We are currently looking to hire a lead researcher with 3+ years of experience in conducting cutting-edge research in AI and Machine Learning applied to the connected living domain.

The primary location is either in Philadelphia, PA, or Washington, DC. We feature an informal, open, fun atmosphere and cultivate a start-up culture with the backing of a Fortune 50 company. To better serve our community, we believe the diversity of our team should reflect the diversity of our customers.

Responsible for identifying complex problems and developing and deploying novel prototypes and algorithms to solve them. Improves accuracy and functionality of algorithms and understands the overall implications of the entire machine learning frameworks. Translates application requirements into problem statements. Analyzes and evaluates solutions both internally generated as well as third party supplied. Develops novel ways to solve problems and discover new products. Provide guidance and leadership to more junior researchers. Integrates knowledge of business and functional priorities. Acts as a key contributor in a complex and crucial environment. May lead teams or projects and shares expertise.
Job Description
Develops new algorithmic solution and technical requirements of custom designs for future products and applications.
Leads research in the following areas: Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and Video Analytics.
Works with other Technical Leads, Product Managers and Business Partners to lead development of prototypes that demonstrate Research work, help with Product Discovery and integrate research output into engineering code base.
Works with various team members both within and outside Research. Ensures timely progress of work. Conducts Research in an incremental manner thereby enabling faster integration of technology into products. Able to evaluate prototype systems, write technical papers, and help with technology transfer.
Keeps track of developments in field both in academia and in industry. Attending relevant conferences and publishing research results is encouraged.
Guides the successful completion of programs that identify patterns and make decisions with minimal human intervention. Figures out technical objectives of an assignment. Leads the design of prototypes, partnering with the product team and other stakeholders through development. Conducts studies to support product or application development.
Designs and implements end-to-end solutions using optimization and other advanced computer science technologies and owns live deployments. Aggregates huge amounts of data and information from large numbers of sources to discover patterns and features necessary to automate analytical models.
Researches, writes and edits documentation and technical requirements, including evaluation plans, confluence pages, white papers, presentations, test results, technical manuals, formal recommendations and reports. Contributes to the team by creating patents, Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and other intellectual property.
Presents papers and/or attends conferences, as well as displaying leadership in these areas.
Tests and evaluates solutions presented to the Company by various internal and external partners and vendors. Completes case studies, testing and reporting.
Collaborates with teams outside of immediate work group. Represents the work team in providing solutions to technical issues associated with assigned projects.
Mentor a diverse team of junior engineers in machine learning techniques, tools and concepts. Provides mentorship and leadership to more junior engineers.
Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.
Regular, consistent and punctual attendance.
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.

Employees at all levels are expected to:
Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job.
Own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services.
Know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences.
Win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new insights.
Be an active part of the Net Promoter System - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers.
Get results and growth.
Respect and promote inclusion & diversity.
Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities.

Nice to have:
Master’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, mathematics, related technical subject area, or experience; Ph.D.
Strong publications on computer vision and deep learning, including but not limited to video analytics, object detection/recognition, and event/activity recognition. Candidates with top conference publications are preferred (e. g., ICCV/CVPR/ECCV/NIPS/ICML/ICLR)
Strong programming and software development skills, and familiarity with C/C++ or Python, and deep learning frameworks (Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe).
Prior experience working on delivering computer vision models for large scale production. Prior experience on designing models for edge devices or cloud or deploying computer vision models in a production scenario is preferred.

Disclaimer:
This information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications.

Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer.

Education
Bachelor's Degree
Relevant Work Experience
7-10 Years
Base pay is one part of the Total Rewards that Comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work. Most sales positions are eligible for a Commission under the terms of an applicable plan, while most non-sales positions are eligible for a Bonus. Additionally, Comcast provides best-in-class Benefits. We believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most, and should help you care for those who matter most. That’s why we provide an array of options, expert guidance and always-on tools, that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality – to help support you physically, financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life. Please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details."	11146	Washington
Jr IT Project Manager	Leidos	Reston, VA 20190 (Sunset Hills area)	$54,600 - $84,000 a year	"Description
Job Description:
The CIO Compliance Group at Leidos currently has an opening for a Junior IT Project Manager to work remotely. In this role, the Junior IT Project Manager will be accountable for the end-to-end delivery of small to mid-size technology focused projects which support technology roadmaps and business needs.
Primary Responsibilities
This position will be responsible for all phases of project management – from definition and planning to execution and implementation. The Junior IT Project Manager will manage projects of small to medium complexity within the CIO Services team by leading the work of project team members, managing cost and schedule, serving as the liaison between the business and technical aspects of projects and monitoring progress to ensure milestones, budget targets and quality measures are met.
The IT Project Manager is responsible for:
Managing small to mid-size projects through both Waterfall and Agile frameworks
Engaging directly with Stakeholders to identify challenges, recommend solutions and manage expectations
Maintaining project schedule, budget, risk/issue/key decision register and required control documents
Ensuring project status reporting is accurate and timely and required project deliverables meet quality and compliance standards
Facilitating meetings between project team members, cross-functional teams and Stakeholders
Demonstrating ability to adapt to changing demands and work in a dynamic environment
Basic Qualifications
2-3 years of directly related professional experience managing full lifecycle IT projects
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business, Management or related field
Action oriented; ability to adapt to change and implement quickly based on overall direction and project needs
Excellent communication skills and demonstrated ability to resolve all situations in a professional manner
Demonstrated experience with schedule management, resource management, issue management, risk management and scope management
Preferred Qualifications
Agile Scrum experience
Experience managing SaaS projects
Familiarization with:
ServiceNow Demand and Project and Portfolio Management
External Referral Bonus:
Eligible
External Referral Bonus $:
2000.00
Potential for Telework:
Yes, 100%
Clearance Level Required:
None
Travel:
No
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Proj and Prog Management
Pay Range:
Pay Range $54,600.00 - $84,000.00 - $113,400.00
#Remote"	11146	Washington
Senior Project Engineer	Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream	Laurel, MD 20723	None	"We’re starting a new chapter in our journey as Dreyer’s Grand Ice Cream, now part of Froneri. Having nearly 100 years of winning experience in the U.S with a robust portfolio of powerhouse brands that consumers know and love, and the backing of a global pure-play ice cream organization, we’re poised to accelerate growth.
Headquartered in the Bay area, a hub for up and coming food trends, we focus on both the future and the present. In both our offices and our factories, we are determined to overcome obstacles, learn from failure, and raise our game. With a renewed focus on frozen treats, our tight-knit team of ambitious innovators are fully immersed in the business and encouraged to flex and make decisions quickly. We are committed to pursuing every great idea, and delivering the best ice cream experience to our consumers, when are where they want it.
Unleash your potential at Dreyer’s Grand Ice Cream and discover what a sweet career has in store for you.

Main Purpose
The senior project engineer is the voice of the project and drives organizational decision-making to bring in right cross-functional support for project execution. Responsible for leading the efficient and effective execution of process improvements and specific engineering projects, productivity projects and job effectiveness improvements. When needed, for major projects initiatives, become part of the of the overall project team. Perform as the end to end manager, operational start-up lead or technical lead as needed. In this role, the individual will be responsible for production line trouble shooting, project management - administer budgeting, design, installation, qualification and commissioning, knowledge transfer to maintenance and operations team of new/modified process systems. Additional responsibilities include, assisting Production and Quality Departments to resolve production and quality issues, conduct training, maintain and update documentation relating to job. Assist maintenance and production managers as needed on factory improvement initiatives / projects as assigned.
Developing a clear knowledge and understanding of the factory, products and machinery.


ROLE AND ACTIVITY

Leading the alignment of the strategy and approach for initiating, planning, executing, monitoring, controlling, and closing the project with key stakeholdersDefining and communicating project scope, objectives and expectationsIdentifying project resource requirements and escalating resource constraintsBuilding and managing the project schedule, defining the critical path, tracking activities to ensure functional team members are meeting agreed upon deadlines, generating and communicating status reports, and escalating critical issues.Preventive management of roadblocks and generation of risk management plansCoordinating and facilitating project meetings including kick-off meetings, project team meetings, risk assessments, lessons learned, post launch reviews and additional meetings as requiredManaging stakeholders at different levels of the organization and providing transparency and communication on project status and risks to cross functional team members and business Leadership TeamAs subject matter expert provide day-to-day support for all plant processes, primarily ice cream processes and packaging.
Assist Technical & maintenance teams in resolving maintenance, quality, waste and/or product losses. Conduct follow-up investigations, root cause analysis; recommend equipment modifications, procedural changes, etc., necessary to prevent recurrence. Coordinate implementation of corrective action(s).Knowledge and competency - Develop, learn and pass on knowledge in the Ice Cream making and other processing areas cross functionally with primary goal of developing good troubleshooting skills and continuous improvement skills within Maintenance team membersEstablish and maintain a strong working relationship providing for effective communication and exchange of information flow between plant teams and external resourcesEnsure that the machines are ready for a smooth run during production at lowest waste levels.Keep yourself informed of production plans and any changes. It is important to be proactive in finding out what is happening rather than waiting to be told.Look for issues. Do not wait to be told or instructed to complete a taskAwareness of all machinery problems or any unfinished jobs.To ensure the designed equipment and machines can produce products that meet the customer specification, quality and food safety.Ensure that health and safety requirements are fully met and that a positive safety culture is maintained throughout the factoryEnsure that you walk the talk and use the looking eyes, attend to the issues as and when they happen.
Promote the Froneri culture of treating the business as your own.Other duties as assigned

LEVELS OF RESPONSIBILITY

All Factory process and equipment.Holding Vendors accountable for their equipment performanceProduction TargetsEngineering budgetHealth & SafetyTraining and development to improve knowledge of all machinery with the aide of VendorsImpeccable hygiene standards always

BEHAVIORS

Performance – Open to change and will always look for better, simpler and more effective ways of operating. Operate under controlled speed and pressureHands on approach – Decisions and plans based on seeing and being part of the event, not solely based on report reading. Know and understand the process and machinery.Zero Compromise on Quality and Excellence – Hygiene, process, speed and waste.
Entrepreneurial – Challenges the status quo and explores new ideas and opportunitiesContinually striving to increase knowledge of processes and products - Understand all tasks, processes and activities as an expert in Ice cream.Teamwork – Commitment and enthusiasm to working together to achieve better outcomes, with a sense of customer service towards the factory.Accountability – Personal commitment, methodical and self-disciplined, logical thinking.Consumer Focused –Support production to deliver products at agreed quality standards.Know Your People – Spend time getting to know your people, their skills, interests, knowledge, etc."	11146	Washington
Part-time AV Technician	Abile Group, Inc.	Washington, DC	None	"Overview:

Abile Group, Inc. has an exciting for a Part-Time AV Technician. The right candidate will have significant industry experience in implementing complex Audio-Visual systems for large enterprises and experience supporting DoD/IC customers. The selected candidate will be a motivated leader and a self-starter who can work independently and proactively as part of our corporate leadership team in a dynamic environment. If you are a solutions-oriented individual ready to own ‘our’ joint success at a small yet able and agile company, see how working with us will change your career forever.
Responsibilities:
Running and terminating cable, inter-connecting systems, basic understanding of VTC, switching, and control systems.
Read and understand technical drawings, the scope of work, programming scope of work and bill of materials and the relationship between these documents
Initial device setup and programming of equipment to be used on each project in the shop.
Test each piece of equipment in its intended use during shop prep.
Ensure network communication between devices as per provided IP address schedule/drawings.
Work with AV Programmers to verify communication and control commands between control processor and each I/O device.
Collect device information in spreadsheet including device type, manufacturer, name, IP address, serial number, location in installation, etc.
Document device patch and configuration information, if a backup file cannot be saved
Save and backup all device files in shared drive for future reference.
Verify field installation is as per technical drawings including but not limited to correct wiring, device placement and that all terminations are made to spec.
Track and verify any changes made to the installation due to field conditions and report red lines to Designer and Project Manager.
Report to PM with accurate and detailed status updates in the shop and on site including potential changes that may need to be made to the design for appropriate approval.
Interact with clients during installation phase in a professional and consistent manor. Be sure to refer any questions they have to the Project Manager.
Train clients on the use of their system including the location of all the devices in their system, how to make the functional adjustments they have requested access to and some basic troubleshooting.
Review scope of work to ensure all items are satisfied and report a punch list of items not satisfied at the time of substantial completion to be completed.
Have client sign substantial completion form with punch list items to be completed.
Report client feedback about current project, project additions and future prospective projects to the project manager and sales representative for sales follow up.
Review red lines with design engineer to ensure accurate As-Built drawings are created.
Review completed As-Built drawings for accuracy.
Provide installation services to include:
Must take pride in the aesthetics of work performed.
Test, repair, and diagnose of integrated Audio-Visual Systems and associated equipment.
Provide telephonic and in-person customer service support. Multiple locations.
Perform remote and onsite troubleshooting of installed AV systems and rack mounted cable management systems.
Perform ad-hoc system configuration, leveling, and wiring.
Make adjustments to integrated systems, calibrations, alignments, and configurations as required to restore or correct operational functionality.
Qualifications:

Clearance Required: Top Secret

Degree and Years of Experience: Bachelor’s degree preferred. Minimum of 3 years of field experience.
Required Certifications:

CTS (Certified Technical Specialist)

CTS-I certification is preferred
Required Skills:
Relevant AV Industry or major manufacturer (i.e. Cisco, Polycom, Crestron, AMX, Extron, ClearOne) certifications is strongly preferred.
Significant industry experience in implementing complex Audio-Visual systems for large enterprises.
The ability to supervise and manage tasks and installation teams to meet project objectives.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to interact with employees, customers and colleagues in a professional and courteous manner.
Be willing and able to travel to support project priorities.
May require lifting, extensive sitting, standing and walking.
Able to read and comprehend drawings, diagrams and system flows.
Working knowledge of AV technologies, to include the ability to perform testing, analyses, and corrective action in a professional AV environment.
Knowledge of wire and connector types on AV related cabling.
Conduct end-user training of system functionality and usage.
Understanding of Network settings and configurations
About Abile Group, Inc.:

Abile Group, Inc. was formed in July 2004 to partner with the Intelligence Community and their Contractors in the areas of Enterprise Analytics & Performance Management, IT & Systems Engineering and Program & Project Management. We have significant experience with the Federal Government and are an EDWOSB dedicated to our employees and clients. We are looking for high performing employees who enjoy providing advice and guidance along with solutions development and implementation support, crafted by combining industry best practices with the clients’ subject matter experience and Abile’s breadth of expertise.
EEO Statement:

Abile Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Anyone requiring reasonable accommodations should email careers@abilegroup.com with requested details. A member of the HR team will respond to your request within 2 business days.
Please review our current job openings and apply for the positions you believe may be a fit. If you are not an immediate fit, we will also keep your resume in our database for future opportunities."	11146	Washington
Documentation Specialist/Editor - Part Time	Arcetyp LLC	Fairfax, VA 22032	None	"Arcetyp LLC is a growing small business that provides a broad range of consulting services to US Federal Government, US Military, and Commercial clients. Services include Management & IT Consulting, Program & Project Management, and Professional & Admin Services.

We are recruiting a Documentation Specialist/Editor with Expert Level Microsoft Word Capabilities to join the corporate team and support our clients on a part-time consulting hourly basis. This position works remotely via telework. The editor formats and revises proposal content and technical content for various technical topics and approaches/solutions. Coordinates through our proposal manager with some direct client interaction. Work is by project and hourly and sometimes fixed price.


COMPENSATION. Pay and benefits information for this position will be provided to interested candidates that apply. Arcetyp offers a package of compensation and benefits to full-time salaried employees.

Arcetyp is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we highly value diversity of our workforce. We accept resumes from all interested parties and consider applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual preference, personal appearance, family responsibility, the presence of a non-job-related medical condition or physical disability, matriculation, political affiliation, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.


In submitting an application for this position via our site you are confirming that Arcetyp can submit your resume to our client(s) for review."	11146	Washington
Proposal Manager	Acuity INC	Reston, VA 20190 (Sunset Hills area)	None	"Overview:

Acuity is an award-winning consulting firm that provides proven management and information technology services to the Federal government. Recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by the Washington Business Journal for five consecutive years, we seek an experienced proposal professional to support the Proposal Group in all facets of the business development lifecycle. This position collaborates with all parts of Acuity to include the Technology Solutions Group (TSG), Business Development, Contracts, Recruiting, Business Unit leaders as well as external teaming partners. The Proposal Manager reports to and receives direction from the Director of Proposal Operations.
Responsibilities:

The Proposal Manager operates in a hybrid role, leveraging their strengths in proposal management and coordination as well as content development and strategy. The Proposal Manager is responsible for all aspects of the proposal delivery process including RFP analysis, kick-off, initial response, refinement, and final proposal submission. Our team is small yet high achieving, and every team member is critical to our business development growth. Involvement in some capture activities may occur as workload permits. Our ideal candidate will have a blend of excellent business writing and project management skills, comfort in IT, and the ability to understand the complexity of our market and customer needs. A successful candidate will be excited to help create winning bids and will pitch in on any task big or small to support and promote our business. We need someone who is skilled in business writing, as well as extremely proficient in project management. This is an individual contributor position. The role is dynamic in nature, and the person in this role must be flexible to work on many different efforts, with varying levels of responsibility. To excel in this role, the candidate must have solid working experience providing cradle-to-grave proposal support.
Responsibilities to also include the following:
Drives the proposal process and is proactive to meet milestones.
Develops accurate and compelling technical, IT-focused proposal content (e.g., technical approach, management approach, past performance, and executive summary) in an iterative writing process. Ensures agreed-upon elements are incorporated into a cohesive and persuasive format.
Edits proposal content for effectiveness (e.g., clarity, readability, accuracy, persuasiveness, and compliance) as well as style (e.g., grammar, punctuation, word usage, sentence structure, and spelling).
Interviews SMEs to extract highly technical information and convert into effective proposal content per solicitation requirements.
Analyzes solicitations to develop detailed, annotated proposal templates.
Leads proposal kickoffs and color team reviews, working sessions with SMEs, executives, teaming partners, authors, and other contributors to develop storyboards, solutions, and graphics.
Composes team-wide strategic communications that are clear and concise, administers SharePoint pursuit sites, manages document version control, and coordinates review/recovery cycles.
Qualifications:

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Must have a BS/BA in a relevant degree field from an accredited institution; or a combination of education, training, and experience.
5+ years of technical proposal writing and/or proposal management/coordination experience within the IT, software development, management consulting, and/or relevant industry and topics (e.g., ITIL, PMBOK, SDLC, Scrum, Agile development, cloud, and DevSecOps).
APMP certifications are a plus.
SKILLS AND TOOLS
Understanding of Federal Government contracting and proposal processes. Understanding of the Shipley methodology.
Advanced skills in writing, editing, and proofreading, including proficiency with at least one industry editorial style guide (e.g., MLA, Chicago, AP, APA).
Outstanding written and oral communication skills with impeccable organization and attention to detail.
Must have the ability to quickly digest information and produce organized, clearly written content with minimal supervision.
Ability to work in a high-paced work environment supporting multiple proposals simultaneously, and meeting tight deadlines including occasional extended hours, evenings/night hours, weekends, and holidays.
Proficiency with MS Office suite. Experience with Adobe Creative Suite is a plus.
Working knowledge and usage of SharePoint (previous administration responsibilities is a plus).
CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENT
Must be a US Citizen with ability to complete a background check
Acuity, Inc:
Acuity is an award-winning consulting firm that provides proven management and technical services to the Federal government. Recognized as one of the Best Places to Work, by the Washington Business Journal, we are hiring additional Functional Analysts to further assist and join in our growth.
We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law."	11146	Washington
[Multiple roles] Manager, Partnership - ELA, Math, or State	Teaching Lab	Washington, DC 20056 (Capitol Hill area)	$80,000 a year	"Type of Vacancy: Salaried, full-time
Start date: June or July 2021
Location: Remote/home office anywhere in the United States
Report to: Director, Design & Partnership
Supervise: None
Compensation: Starting salary is $80,000, with comprehensive benefits. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Teaching Lab is an equal-opportunity employer committed to reflecting the diversity of the students we serve. We pursue equity as both a means and an end and enthusiastically welcome candidates of all backgrounds to apply for this role.
SUMMARY OF POSITION
The Partnership Manager manages the implementation of Teaching Lab’s partner portfolio projects and leads high-quality, curriculum-aligned professional learning experiences for teachers in schools. They work with school leaders to implement standards-aligned curriculum CKLA, EL Education’s ELA curriculum, Guidebooks, Illustrative Math, EngageNY/Eureka Math, or Zearn using Teaching Lab’s model for professional learning.
As a rapidly growing nonprofit, we seek driven and proactive individuals who have a high level of personal accountability, team players who see the interconnectedness between their role and the organization’s mission, and have the ability to “manage up” when needed to get complex work done. Eligible candidates for the role of Partnership Manager must have experience leading professional learning for educators, strong project management skills, as well as knowledge of high-quality math and ELA curriculum and the Common Core or similar College- and Career-Ready state standards. Ideal candidates will also have strong expertise in relationship and partnership development, are effective communicators, can create and follow through on project plans, have the ability to effectively pivot their own work or reprioritize in times of ambiguity, demonstrate effective critical thinking and problem solving, and the ability to manage workflows with and without formal authority. Above all, this candidate must have a demonstrated commitment to racial and educational equity. This position has high potential for both large-scale impact and career growth.
We are hiring for several open positions:
Manager, District Partnership - Math: manage client relationships with school and system partners to deliver professional learning experiences in Illustrative Math, EngageNY/Eureka Math, or Zearn.
Manager, District PartnershipPartnership Manager, ELA: manage client relationships with school and system partners to deliver professional learning experiences in CKLA, EL Education, or Guidebooks.
Manager, State-level Partnership: manage client relationships with state-level partners to deliver professional learning experiences to support the adoption of HQIM and implementation
WHO WE ARE
Teaching Lab is a nonprofit organization with a mission to fundamentally shift the paradigm of teacher professional learning to achieve educational equity. We envision a world where teachers and students thrive together in communities that enable life-long learning and meaningful lives.Using our Head, Heart, and Habits model of professional learning, we transform professional learning from the ground up to dramatically improve student outcomes. We also work with school, district, and state leaders to create the instructional systems necessary to support these changes.To learn more about Teaching Lab, explore our website.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The Partnership Manager will engage in the following:
Engage with the leadership in partner school systems to build their knowledge of research-based professional learning practices, and high-quality curriculum
Manage partnerships with clients, including effectively lead external and internal communications such as 1:1, small and large group settings, virtual meetings, and presentations
Gain a deep understanding of the state’s, district’s, school’s, or philanthropic partner’s context in order to inform the scope and implementation of the work
Support business development with current partners by crafting scopes of work that extend partner relationships over time
Communicate effectively with partners, and execute logistics to support onsite professional learning
Effectively lead professional learning sessions for educators that deepen pedagogical content knowledge of the high-quality curriculum through Teaching Lab’s model for professional learning
Lead through a lens of racial equity to coach, support, and develop a cohort of 2-10 part-time facilitators as they provide on-site implementation of Teaching Lab’s work in each school
Ensure that all facilitators are prepared and staffed to onsite projects in a timely manner, and professional learning materials are contextualized for the partner and up to date
Collect, reflect on, and apply data from participant feedback surveys to improve facilitation, relationships, and knowledge building at each site
Lead high-level project management across Teaching Lab’s portfolio of high-quality curriculum projects, including working with the Director of Design & Partnership to staff sites, and Director of Special Projects to develop facilitators’ knowledge and skills
QUALIFICATIONS
Education, Work Experience, and Knowledge
Bachelor’s degree
Minimum five years experience working in PK-12 education
Minimum of 2 years teaching experience with PK-12 students from traditionally underserved backgrounds with demonstrated evidence of impact
Deep knowledge and experience with Common Core or College- and Career-Ready math or ELA content and practice standards
Deep understanding of the specified curriculum, including its design and component parts
Experience facilitating impactful professional learning for educators
Experience leading relationships with clients and stakeholders in an education context
Values, Skills, and Competencies
Deep commitment to Teaching Lab’s organizational mission and values, racial equity, and educational equity for traditionally underserved students
Strong commitment to growth mindset for both adults and students, and a desire to work collaboratively to grow team skills and capabilities
Excellent interpersonal skills, able to build rapport quickly and drive collaboration
Outstanding communication and organizational skills
Effective critical thinking and creative problem-solving capabilities, including a self-starting entrepreneurial approach to difficult problems
Ability to form credible and lasting relationships with the facilitators, teachers, school leaders, and district leaders
Effective communication and influence skills
WORKING AT TEACHING LAB
All roles at Teaching Lab are contingent on business needs.
Teaching Lab offers a comprehensive benefits package for full-time salaried employees, including: medical, dental, and vision; a 401(k) program with a 4% employer match; short-term life, long-term life, disability, and worker’s compensation insurance; flexible health spending accounts; technology equipment; monthly technology reimbursement; and generous time off and leave policies.
This position is eligible for remote work anywhere in the continental United States, and may require some travel (quarterly) when travel resumes.
TO APPLY
You can apply for one of the Partnership Managers - ELA, Math, or State roles here. Additional questions may be directed to jobs@teachinglab.org.
Applications are reviewed on a rolling basis; it is in your interest to apply as soon as possible."	11146	Washington
Project Manager - Management Consulting	Jefferson Consulting Group	Washington, DC 20006 (Downtown area)	None	"Jefferson Solutions, a well-respected government consulting company of the Jefferson Consulting Group, woman-owned small business, is seeking candidates for a Project Manager position to lead a mix of acquisition and management consulting projects. Efforts include a range of traditional management consulting efforts with a specific focus on the federal acquisition/procurement community. Knowledge of management consulting approaches, change management, and the federal acquisition/procurement process are ideal to be successful in the position. May be remote/virtual.
Responsibilities:
Lead client engagements in a combined role as the Project Manager and Subject Matter Expert. Project management duties include:
Prepare project management plans and manage the execution of the plan.
Manage day-to-day communication with clients.
Generate project reports or proposals.
Ensure compliance with Federal and contractual requirements.
Manage team members.
Subject Matter Expert duties include:
Apply management consulting techniques and technical expertise to develop strategies, recommend and implement approaches to improve processes, restructure organizations, facilitate meetings and build consensus, elicit requirements, develop communication products, and create implementation plans.
Will apply change management techniques, including facilitating team building.
Provide advanced acquisition expertise to assist agencies through the acquisition process. This may include developing performance-based acquisitions for program offices, guiding acquisition strategy development with the contracting office, drafting technical evaluation summaries, etc.
Participate in industry associations to demonstrate firm’s thought leadership.
Support proposal and new business efforts.
Supervise team members.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
Seven or more years of relevant experience, ideally in management consulting with understanding of the federal acquisition support process – cradle to grave
Prior experience facilitating change management functions like, technical training, team building and related
Experience in working with multiple federal agencies, including Civilian and the Department of Defense (DoD); although DoD experience is desirable, it is not required
Advanced knowledge of the federal acquisition process
Experience managing teams to execute projects
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification and/or FAC/DAWIA certifications preferred
Additional Skills:
Ability to handle effectively and concurrently multiple tasks and projects
Excellent anticipatory skills and proactive approach to work
Strong oral, interpersonal, and written communication skills
Strong prioritization and organization skills to meet deadlines
Detail-oriented and interested in producing quality work product
Ability to maintain high level of confidentiality and to handle sensitive information discreetly
Some travel may be required, when conditions permit
 Jefferson Consulting Group is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic data, veteran status or any category protected by law."	11146	Washington
Social Media Content Creator (Remote)	Pinnacle Group	McLean, VA	$37 an hour	"Title: Social Media Content Creator
Client : HILTON
Location: McLean, VA
Rate : $ 37 / hour on W2
Duration: 6 months


Must be able to work on W2


Job Description:
Client is seeking an energetic and skilled Social Media Content Creator to support Client’s social media team in the production of engaging content for Client’s social platforms.
Specifically, the Content Creator will write copy, create custom graphics, illustrations, memes, gifs, and videos for client social handles.
The right candidate has a passion for travel, social media, and storytelling and has the ability to create innovative original content end-to-end.
Candidate will conceptualize, write, design, and execute creative solutions for social media that consistently and clearly communicate the Client portfolio brand identity, positioning, and messaging.
Candidate will primarily report to the Sr. Art Director, client Creative Studio, and will also have a dotted line into the Sr. Manager, Social Engagement.
Candidate will support real-time social needs primarily, but also support planned projects that drive consumer awareness, engagement, preference, and loyalty with client’s and client 18 brands as needed.
The ideal candidate will have a social-first mindset, with proven experience creating social content.
Candidate possess a balanced blend of skills across design, animation, copywriting, and project management.
Candidate is up on social and cultural trends, able to ideate, execute and iterate quickly with feedback from stakeholders.

More specifically, candidate will be responsible for:
Support the social media team in adapting real-time trends and proactive story ideas into social-first assets.
Social listening
Design, build, and illustrate graphics and elements for Client’s social platforms (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest)
Create quick-turn, reactive content for opportunistic moments in culture and online.
Brainstorm, pitch and conceptualize original content ideas for Client’s social media platforms.
Craft copy in accordance with brand tone and voice guidelines.
Work collectively with Client’s Creative Studio on cross-disciplinary projects.
Understand client brands, target audiences, and competitor activities.
Manage the storytelling behind each creative output to ensure it is clear, concise, snackable, and true to the content.
Collaborate with the Loyalty, Enterprise, and Brand marketing teams along with other members of internal Client Creative Studio to understand business objectives, marketing objectives, and creative needs.
Evolve, revise, or redevelop content in response to feedback from internal stakeholders.
Balance multiple projects successfully to meet deadlines and collaborate across multiple stakeholders with different priorities.
Adhere to Client’s brand identity standards and guidelines, while helping to inform the evolution and extension of the written and visual identity.
Use campaign performance data to understand the effectiveness of campaigns and apply key learnings to future campaigns.
Be aware of social media trends and formats, while also producing new template and design approaches.

Client is looking for:
To fulfill this role successfully, candidate should demonstrate the following minimum qualifications:
Strong portfolio showing a range of experience, concepts, written and visual styles.
Proven ability to create for social media is desired.
Demonstrated understanding of current social media best practices — Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, TikTok, Snapchat and a willingness to explore emerging platforms
Minimum of 3 years relative to Copy and Design experience, preferably in a design firm, advertising, or in-house creative department.
Experience working with a marketing department or social media team, understanding of business objectives, and ability to find creative solutions to help achieve objectives.
Knowledge of copy and design fundamentals, and messaging hierarchy.
Ability to develop or present or pitch creative ideas
Strong working knowledge of Adobe Suite.
Understanding of social media management and listening tools such as Sprinklr and Brandwatch
Ability to process and produce multiple projects in a short time frame- resizing art or layout accordingly to specs
Exceptional communication skills with the ability to work in a team environment
Strong creative, organizational problem solving
Experience developing rich media and other forms of online advertising
Must be able to apply style guides creatively while upholding brand identity
Strong attention to detail.
Self-starter.
A positive attitude and a collaborative personality.

It would be helpful in this position for candidate to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions:
Animation (AfterEffects and/or HTML5) and Video production experience is a plus
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Have an interest in popular culture, new trends and styles
Experience working at a creative agency
Experience in hospitality or consumer brands

Note:
This is a unique role and will be primarily on the Client Creative Studio team but also sit partially on client Social Media Strategy team.
Client is expecting this candidate to be involved in the creation of Real Time social content.
Someone who has a pulse on social conversations can can create extremely quickly and has a blend of skills — can write, design and animate in order to help create timely, relevant, witty content quickly.
The Real-Time component of this role will be about 60% of their time.
The other 40% of their time will be on creative projects that come through to the Studio.
Portfolios and examples of work must show social content to be considered.
Please make sure it's clearly articulated what the candidate’s role is and make sure that they are not just a designer, not just a writer, not just an animator, but really a blend of capabilities.
Experience with Animation (AfterEffects) is desired too."	11146	Washington
Infrastructure Manager - Information Technology	Federal Reserve Board of Governors	Washington, DC (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Working under close supervision of the Assistant Director, manages a unit within IT that develops applications, analyzes financial data, or provides automation infrastructure support for the Board. The Applications Manager manages the development, maintenance and testing of custom applications on mainframe and distributed platforms to support client business functions; directs the design development of major systems by maintaining detailed conceptual knowledge of the systems in the unit; and, follows the System Development Methodology (SDM). The Financial Systems Manager manages the requirements definition and Systemwide coordination of systems to process economic, financial, and supervisory data, and provides technical expertise in data content and analysis; operates the systems processing the Board’s economic, financial, and supervisory micro data; develops edit standards for these data and analyzes variances against edit standards as data are processed; and produces releases, reports, etc., for the data services. The Systems and Telecommunications Manager manages the development of requirements, design and installation of central systems software (operating system, database) and telecommunications services (local and wide area networks); supervises the planning and enhancement of these services, and coordinates any modifications to them to increase performance; manages the application of maintenance to these systems, oversees the development of procedures to keep them current; and, oversees planning for changes to the automation architecture for new telecommunication services. The Distributed Systems Manager manages the development of requirements, design and installation of desktop operating system software, supervises the planning and enhancement of these services, manages the application of maintenance to these systems; oversees the development of procedures to keep them current; and, oversees planning for changes to the automation architecture for new desktop services.

Position Requirements
Requires technical and analytical skills typically acquired through completion of a Bachelor's Degree in computer science, telecommunications, information systems, accounting, economics, finance or a related discipline or equivalent work experience and five years related experience. Demonstrates comprehensive knowledge of Board and System's automation environment, client business functions, and System use of central and distributed environmental software and series processing. Demonstrates strong technical management experience, and strong knowledge of the technologies and management practices employed by IT and the Board are required. Demonstrates thorough knowledge of own area of responsibility and a comprehensive knowledge of all IT functions, activities, technologies including cost/benefit analyses and SDM. Demonstrates strong leadership in managing professional and technical staff and projects.
A minimum of five years of related experience required. Three or more years of experience leading projects preferred. Demonstrated effective client-business relationship management as well as demonstrated effective management skills for staff at all levels. Strong leadership or management experience in the planning, development, and implementation and support of custom developed applications, collaboration solutions, business solutions, data management solutions, data analysis techniques, and/or strategic plans.
Experience with Cisco and Firewall technologies is highly desirable. General technical knowledge of Linux based systems, Domain Naming System, and LAN/WAN topologies is highly desirable. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are required. Innovative thinking, strategic thinking, complex problem solving skills, and ability to transform abstract problems into actionable plans are also required. This position also requires the ability to work directly with unit staff, project teams, clients at all levels, Interagency staff at all levels, Reserve Bank contacts at all levels, and senior IT management. This position requires demonstrated strategic agility; decision quality; drive for excellence; analysis; initiative and resourcefulness; ability to learn; technical knowledge; oral and written communication skills; tolerance for stress; leadership ability; ability to develop collaborative relationships; planning, organizing, and controlling skills; and a customer and service orientation.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or application, membership, or service in the uniformed services."	11146	Washington
Project Manager	Pansophic Learning	Tysons Corner, VA	None	"Pansophic Learning is an education company that strives to provide students and educators exceptional learning solutions that enable them to maximize their success academically and in life, regardless of geographic, financial, or demographic circumstance. We believe every child should be able to be whatever they want to be in life regardless of where they were born.

Our Early Learning Academies focus on providing high-quality early childhood education, that prepare children for Kindergarten and helps enable them to succeed in later years (K-12). As the population of children with working parents grows, so does the demand for childcare where families are engaged in their child's learning experiences. Parents are increasingly focused on early education rather than simple ""day-care"" – this secular trend is resulting in a shift in consumer preference towards more educationally focused childcare offerings.

The Project Manager role supports the Early Learning Academies business division and plays an integral role in corporate planning and new growth initiatives. This individual will partner with our legal and operations teams to facilitate the purchase or consolidation of companies from inception to the final merger. All mergers are complicated processes, and the responsibilities of the Project Manager will vary depending on the stage of a transaction. The role requires an individual who has proven Project Management experience and has had prior involvement with mergers & acquisitions.

** This position is based in our McLean, VA corporate headquarters **

Compensation commensurate with experience

Project Management

Schedule and scope development and issue and risk management, including supporting the diligence process and objectives, identifying issues, driving teams to determine resolution, mitigating plans, and coordinating the reporting of diligence findings to senior leads

Support integration activities for an acquired entity, including developing kickoff materials, working with functional teams to build integration plans for business and back-office functions, build and maintain a consolidated master schedule, drive teams to execute against defined integration plans and schedules, and leverage expertise in problem-solving to resolve complex and sensitive issues

Support the transition from post-merger integration to business and back-office operations

Work jointly with leadership to solve complex cross-functional operational issues creatively

Deal with unique issues and support continual refinement to improve day one / 30 / 90 / 120-day integration checklists for transactions

Preparing progress reports and presenting to an executive committee on a regular basis

Develop relationships with key business stakeholders

Research

Working closely with the project team and business stakeholders to define the approach, activities, and timelines for project execution, leveraging project management best practices

Research and monitors performance trends and activity

Designs and coordinates in gathering requirements for new process enhancements

Communicate with the Operations team for process and tool enhancements to help prioritize needs

Research available data and requests necessary data from analytics team

Process Development and Execution

Responsible for creating and evolving methodologies, best practices, and training for all three areas of responsibility: M&A Integration, Process Improvement and Change Management.

Assessing, creating, and implementing process for the purposes of enabling accurate pipeline reporting and forecasting across business units

Secures necessary internal resources to support delivery of an approved business case

Help develop and drive process and systems/tool adoption across teams

Motivate people and teams involved to complete required tasks on time

Learn from and share best practices with other stakeholders

Qualifications

Experience with merger and acquisition integration project management is highly desired

Bachelor's degree in Business, Finance, or related discipline or equivalent experience; an advanced degree in Business or Finance strongly preferred

3-5+ years of progressively responsible experience as a Project Manager for a combination of merger & acquisition, process improvement, business change, and other strategic initiatives

Strong analytical skills, both quantitative and qualitative; strong attention to detail and ability to pull business insights through complex data sets

Self-motivated and strong problem-solver with ability to handle multiple projects and activities

Ability to work well under pressure as well as effectively prioritize and execute tasks to meet deadlines consistently

Understanding of and ability to manage confidential information

Exemplary written and verbal communication skills with the ability to influence key stakeholders across varying business functions

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

It is our policy to abide by all federal, state and local laws prohibiting employment discrimination based solely on a person's race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental and/or intellectual disability, age, military status, veteran status (including protected veterans), marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, familial status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition, genetic information, sexual orientation, or any other protected status except where a reasonable, bonafide occupational qualification exists.

#INDCP"	11146	Washington
Professional Services Resource Manager	Splunk	Washington, DC 20002 (Capitol Hill area)	None	"Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we’re committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other’s success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey!
Splunk is the world’s first Data-to-Everything Platform. Now organizations no longer need to worry about where their data is coming from, and they are free to focus on the business outcomes that data can deliver.
Role:
The Professional Services (PS) Resource Manager is responsible for the allocation of both internal and partner consultants and project managers to ensure overall success of Splunk implementations and will have assigned Regional Leads and Engagement Managers to work with. The Resource Manager partners with stakeholders such as PS Regional Leads, Engagement Managers, Project Managers and the back office teams. You will be a trusted advisor to assign the correctly skilled resources, ensure forecasting and reporting accuracy, feed in system enhancement requests, suggest and implement process efficiencies, assist with capacity and skills planning and support the regional PS team and PS Manager/Directors.
The successful candidate will effectively manage their time across the multiple regions and elements of their role, with an ability to prioritize, resolve issues and escalate where required. They will be able to think strategically, but also be detail-oriented to ensure billing and system accuracy.
Responsibilities:
Resource Management
Resource Management of small and large services implementations in a high-volume environment.
Work with customers, Account Managers and PS Management on scheduling projects in a timely manner.
Work with partner delivery resources on availability.
Proactively escalate potential customer satisfaction issues, internal operational issues and PS team issues with the global Operations team and regional PS Managers.
Make sure processes are adhered to such as having paperwork in place prior to consultants going onsite and sufficient time remaining on the project, etc.
PS Financial Reporting
Provide daily updates to FinancialForce to feed regional revenue forecasts based on scheduling, budgets and hours.
Manage resource utilization for region and partners in residency program. Ensure resources are meeting targets and working with PS Managers and the global scheduling team on scheduling opportunities.
Accountable for weekly billing of projects in FinancialForce
Manage forecast risk by tracking internal projects or Soft Bookings and reporting to team.
Responsible for supporting quarterly QBR by providing metrics and updating slide decks for regional PS Managers, on bookings, delivered revenue, attach rate, utilization, number of projects.
Responsible for data accuracy in the systems which feed into the regional forecasts.
Provide quarterly backlog analysis to Regional Direction and PS Managers.
Work with the back office and IT teams on any adjustments to timecards or invoices.
Global Operational Support
Train and support other departments on Professional Services processes and respond to requests as needed.
Contact for account managers, delivery managers, sales, customers and consultants to help coordinate and manage all PS engagements.
Work closely with regional delivery partners.
Provide leadership in analyzing, documenting and improving PS operational processes and working to standardize processes globally.
Collaborate on operational initiatives.
Requirements:
Ability to analyze and solve problems, perform complex tasks, and prioritize multiple projects.
Can handle time sensitive and pressure situations.
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with a wide variety of individuals in a diverse community.
Experience with financial reporting and analysis including P&L and knowledge of VSOE/carve outs/revenue recognition.
Knowledge of business practices and procedures.
Able to make sound decisions and exercise judgment.
Excellent organization and time management skills.
Experience in a customer service role.
Comfortable working with management and well-versed in the practices and demands of progressive and evolving Services organizations.
Can operate independently and multi-task, in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Experience using FinancialForce or other PSA tools.
Experience with resource coordination and scheduling.
Proficient in MS Office Suite, G-Suite products, Sales Force and advanced reporting.
Excellent communicator and follow through.
BA/BS Degree required
At least 3-5 years of experience in a similar role
We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying.
For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records."	11146	Washington
Estimator/Project Manager	Southern Insulation, Inc.	Hyattsville, MD 20781	None	Fireproofing Estimator/PMWe are seeking an Estimator/Project Manager for our Fireproofing and acoustical spray department. You will organize and estimate all projects for the fireproofing division.Job Description: Establish effective, goal-oriented, safe procedures for the project and communicate those goals and procedures with on-site supervisors; work in conjunction with the Safety Manager to maintain current professional certifications; estimate costs of fireproofing projects and other tasks required by the position.Desired skills/experience: Able to read Architectural, MEP, Life Safety, and Structural drawingsExperience in construction.Experience in managing projects is a plus.Great communication skills necessary. Will likely work in a bilingual environment at times (English/Spanish)Able to maintain good working relationships with other tradespeopleStrong mathematical and computer skillsStrong estimating software skillsCapable, Willing and Able to Stand/Walk/Climb/Work for 10+ hours.Able to legally work in the USWe’d love it if you already have: Fireproofing material and equipment knowledgeDoD Secret clearanceOSHA 30 certificationAbility to speak Spanish and EnglishJob Type: Full-timeSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11146	Washington
IT Project Manager- Financial/Budget Systems/Implementation	Guidehouse	Washington, DC 20006 (Foggy Bottom area)	None	"Overview
Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.

Responsibilities
Our Oracle consultants help clients identify and execute against their enterprise resource planning needs using Oracle technology. This high performing team helps clients use Oracle offerings and/or industry specific solutions to solve our clients business problems in the areas of finance, operations, human capital, customer, and governance, risk and compliance.

Qualifications
Minimum Years of Experience: 5
Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor's degree
Knowledge Preferred:
Demonstrates proven extensive knowledge and success with leading efforts in consulting, designing, and implementing Oracle applications-based solutions , including the following:
Participating in the improvement of business processes, including but not limited to, the following Oracle application-packaged modules Fusion, EBS, PeopleSoft, CC&B, Siebel and Hyperion.
Understanding the common issues facing Guidehouse's clients of all Industries and Sectors.
Demonstrates proven extensive knowledge and success as a team leader: supervising teams to create an atmosphere of trust and seeking diverse views to encourage improvement and innovation; answering questions and providing direction to less-experienced staff; coaching staff including providing timely meaningful written and verbal feedback.
Skills Preferred:
Demonstrates proven extensive abilities and success with one or more Oracle application modules doing functional configuration and/or technical development, including:
Designing, building, testing and deploying the technical components required for successful Oracle solutions, especially RICE (Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Extensions) design and development or Oracle Applications DBA.
Identifying and addressing client needs: building, maintaining, and utilizing networks of client relationships and community involvement; communicating value propositions; managing resource requirements, project workflow, budgets, billing and collections; preparing and/or coordinating complex written and verbal materials; communicating with the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner; delivering clear requests for information; demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks; and communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor.
Demonstrates proven extensive abilities and success as a team member: understanding personal and team roles; contributing to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback; providing guidance, clarification and feedback to less-experienced staff.

Additional Requirements

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.


Disclaimer
About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive"	11146	Washington
Construction Manager	Precision Systems, Inc.	Washington, DC 20003 (Navy Yard area)	$60,080 - $147,055 a year	Precision Systems, Inc. (PSI) embraces technology in design. PSI is a transportation engineering consulting company that serves public and private organizations in the Washington, DC, Northern Virginia, and Maryland regions, providing services such as roadway and intersection design, construction management and inspection, signal and street lighting design, traffic analysis and reporting, crash analysis and countermeasure design, software development, data management, and more. Using the newest technologies and inhouse software with up-to-the-date data makes PSI engineers are experts in urban environments.PSI is seeking to hire a Construction Manager with knowledge and experience of DC construction standards and practices. The ideal candidate will have at least 4 years of experience performing construction inspection project management within the Washington Metropolitan Area. The Construction Manager will prepare and maintain all relevant documentation, supervise a team of construction inspectors, and coordinate between the construction contractor, the inspectors, utility companies, and DDOT stakeholders.Expected Duties: · Supervision of CM staff, attend progress meetings, and coordinate between field inspectors and other related parties· Review Inspector Daily Reports (IDR) for accuracy, countersign IDRs, and prepare a daily diary of project progress and events· Analyze and evaluate change order requests· Make recommendations for change orders, including justifications and cost estimates· Prepare change order documentation including justification, specification, schedule, cost estimates, etc.· Prepare and maintain all relevant documents related to liability claims, complaints, change orders, inspection reports, meeting minutes, material certifications, etc.· Submit monthly progress reports and monthly cost reports· Schedule regular project meetings· Monitor progress on work, personnel, and equipment to ensure that it meets contract requirements· Respond to complaints and inquiries from the public, businesses, officials, etc.· Make utilities aware of scope of work and identify and resolve conflicts with the utilities’ work schedulesRequired Skills & Experience: · B.S. Degree in Civil Engineering· P.E. in District of Columbia· 4-7 years of construction management experience in DMV· Strong oral and written communication skills· Ability and desire to operate professionally in a team environment· Must be able to commute to office location in DCCheck us out at www.precisionsystems.co!Job Type: Full-timePay: $60,080.00 - $147,055.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayAbility to Commute/Relocate:Washington, DC 20003 (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Construction Management: 4 years (Preferred)License/Certification:Professional Engineer (P.E.) license in DC (Preferred)Work Location:One locationCompany's website:precisionsystems.coWork Remotely:NoCOVID-19 Precaution(s):Remote interview processPersonal protective equipment provided or requiredTemperature screeningsSocial distancing guidelines in placeVirtual meetingsSanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place	11146	Washington
Field Service Manager	McCrea Heating and Air Services of Maryland	Temple Hills, MD 20748	None	JOB TITLE:  HVAC Field Service Manager FLSA:  NonexemptDEPARTMENT:  McCrea Heating & Air Conditioning ServicesREPORTS TO:  Service Manager, Sales Manager, Office ManagerGENERAL SUMMARY: Reporting to the Service Manager, monitors work quality and identifies areas in need of technical improvement for HVAC Service Technicians. Recommends technical training and conducts on-site training as needed. In conjunction with the Service Manager, works to build a team of HVAC Service Technicians and Replacement Technicians committed to providing excellent customer service and high-quality work. Responds to all types of HVAC calls during peak business conditions as directed.PRINCIPLE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: *Adhering to the McCrea Heating & Air Conditioning Services Code of Ethics.*Supervising HVAC Service Technicians to ensure a standard quality of procedures and training for the Department. Serving as a technical consultant to the McCrea Technicians.*Actively participating in the recruiting and performance evaluation processes for McCrea Technicians. Conducts performance evaluations and correction notices as necessary while supervised by the Service Manager.*Reviewing the quality or work completed by the McCrea Technicians and conducting random, unannounced on-site inspections of service calls including routine maintenance, accessories & new system installations.*Investigating customer complaints regarding the quality of service, equipment, or work performed by McCrea Technicians.Visiting the job site, as necessary, and interacting with the customer to resolve complaints and provide routine maintenance while protecting the interest of both the customer and McCrea.*Conducting periodic ride-a-longs with McCrea Technicians to train and evaluate the quality and competence level of each McCrea Technician.*Advising and aiding McCrea Technicians regarding problems or difficult work issues. *Conducting on-site training sessions as requested by the Service Manager as needed. Conducting inspections of work sites with frequent or repeated service calls.*Following all safety procedures to reduce the risk of personal injury or property damage.*Establishing and maintaining a professional relationship with all customers and co-workers.*Attending work when scheduled. Working the number of hours scheduled.MISCELLANEOUS FUNCTIONS: Performs other task & duties as assigned or required.During peak business periods and/or extreme weather conditions, may be required to work an atypical schedule or work in other capacities in the organization.MINIMUM KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: § High School Diploma§ Current/Valid Driver’s License.§ Current/Valid State Journeymen’s License. * 6 months to obtain *§ CFC Certification, Type I and Type II required. *Universal certification preferred *§ Nate Core Certification and at least one specialty certification * 6 months to obtain *§ Ability to effectively communicate verbally with others, including employees and customers.§ Ability to establish and maintain professional business relationships with department managers, dispatchers and co-workers.§ Ability to lift and pull a minimum of 50 lbs. and the ability to stabilize a minimum of 100 lbs.§ Ability to concentrate, pay attention to detail and work independently.§ Complete knowledge of various types of HVAC equipment. * Geothermal, Mini-Splits, Communicating systems, Dual Fuel applications *§ Must meet company Insurability requirements.WORKING CONDITIONSFrequent exposure to unpleasant working conditions including dust, extreme temperatures and contact with petroleum products.Spends 70% of bending and kneeling to enter confined work areas.Spends 60% of shift climbing ladders and stairs to get to work areas.Spends 50% of day lifting/pushing/pulling a minimum of 50 lbs or more.Spends 35% of day riding to work location.The above job description is intended to describe the general content and requirements for the performance of this job. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements. McCrea Heating and Air Conditioning Services retains the discretion to add to or change the duties of this position at any time with or without notice. This job description does not constitute a contract of employment. Employment with McCrea Heating and Air Conditioning Services is on an “at will” basis, meaning the employer or employee may terminate the employment relationship at any time and for any reason with or without notice.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental InsuranceDisability InsuranceEmployee DiscountHealth InsuranceLife InsurancePaid Time OffVision InsuranceSchedule:8 Hour ShiftMonday to FridayWeekendsCOVID-19 considerations:All technicians are masked and no longer shake hands or have customers sign IpadExperience:HVAC: 3 years (Required)License:Driver's License (Required)CFC (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:Multiple locationsThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousPeople-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projectsAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applyOpen to applicants who do not have a college diplomaCompany's website:www.mccreaway.comBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:No	11146	Washington
Assistant Director, IT Services	University of Maryland	College Park, MD 20742	None	"Vaccine Protocol
The University of Maryland has made the safety of our students, faculty and staff, and our surrounding communities a top priority. As part of that commitment, the University System of Maryland (USM) recently announced that students, faculty, and staff on USM campuses this fall, including UMD, are required to be vaccinated against COVID. As a prospective and/or a new employee at UMD, you will be required to comply with the University’s vaccination protocol. Proof of full vaccination will be required before the start of employment in order to work at any University of Maryland location. Prospective or new employees may seek a medical or religious exemption to the vaccination requirement at return.umd.edu and must have an approved exemption prior to the start of their employment."	11146	Washington
Senior Systems Analyst/Project Manager	Pareto Advisers LLC. for Crisp (Chesapeake Regional Information System)	Columbia, MD	$95,000 - $105,000 a year	Title: Senior Systems Analyst ABOUT YOU You take personal responsibility for IT systems and take personal pride in improving the technology and processes. The best days at work involve solving complex IT challenges and developing solutions that have a lasting impact.You have experience in systems administration, SQL and Azure and are interested in a new challenge.ABOUT THE JOB The role is dedicated full time to CRISP, a regional health information exchange (HIE) serving Maryland, the District of Columbia and West Virginia. Alaska and Connecticut. CRISP is a non-profit organization that improves patient care by sharing healthcare information between more than 40,000 healthcare providers. The first assignment will focus on the very core of CRISP – the master person index.RESPONSIBILITIES Maintain a set of key IT indicators that, taken holistically, represent the health of key it system(s)Develop recommendations that will demonstrable improve the effectivesss and/or efficiency of IT system(s)Implement and then track the effect of recommendations about IT system(s)Run smaller technology projects using a mix of project management and technical skills.Use data analytics, including SQL, to measure the impact of changes.Document requirements, with a focus on user stories.QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, computer engineering, MIS or related field4+ years full-time experience as a systems engineerPreference for associates with experience in Master Person Management technologies.Demonstrated ability to quickly acquire new skills and then use those skills to improve business outcomes.In-depth, practical knowledge of Six Sigma and/or ITIL and/or COBIT principles of service and process improvement is a bonus.Advanced skills with spreadsheets, flowcharts and presentations is a MUSTWork must be performed on site in Columbia, MD with some regional travel is expected. BENEFITS: Contributions to retirement.Paid VacationTuition reimbursementPaid professional developmentHealth InsuranceJob Type: Full-timePay: $95,000.00 - $105,000.00 per yearBenefits:Health insuranceHealth savings accountPaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceRetirement planTuition reimbursementSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Systems engineering: 4 years (Required)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11146	Washington
Mission Manager	Nanoracks, LLC.	Washington, DC 20005 (Downtown area)	None	TITLE: MISSION MANAGERDEPARTMENT: MISSION MANAGEMENTOVERVIEW: Nanoracks is looking for a Mission Manager who will be focused on the Company’s growing launch service offerings, ranging from small satellites to pressurized and un-pressurized microgravity payloads. The Mission Manager will oversee the launch campaign of customer payloads from contract signing to in-space operation.The ideal candidate will exhibit critical thinking with an ability to handle responsibility in a dynamic and ever-changing landscape.RESPONSIBILITIES: Serve as primary interface to customer payload teams from contract signing to in-space operation.Serve as primary interface to launch vehicles and next-level integrators on behalf of the customer throughout the payload integration process.Consolidate and communicate customer payload data and requirements to various internal functions including project management, engineering, operations, safety, and quality assurance.Maintain and author customer facing documentation and templates necessary for efficient data collection and requirement verification.Support customer payload fit-checks, hardware testing, and integration activities in the field.Develop and manage launch campaign and payload-specific schedules and budgets.Manage and maintain customer contracts once signed through execution.Review customer provided payload data and verify compliance of all technical and programmatic requirements levied by Nanoracks, the launch vehicle provider, ISS Program, or other governing bodies.Support internal engineering team as necessary to facilitate launch of customer payloads, including defining requirements for R&D projects, developing budgets, providing schedule milestones, etc.Support business development & sales teams, including brokering of technical reviews, completing feasibility assessments, contributing to proposal efforts, drafting statements of work, assisting in contract formulation and milestone development, etc.REQUIREMENTS: Basic Qualifications: 2-3 years professional work experience in the aerospace industry.US Citizen.Bachelor’s degree or higher in engineering (i.e., mechanical, electrical, aerospace, chemical), hard sciences (i.e., physics, materials science), computer science/engineering, or mathematics from an accredited university.Strong oral and written communication skills for both technical and non-technical audiences.Ability to travel up to 30% (launch sites, customer facilities, NASA/Government centers (both foreign & domestic)Must work a flexible schedule (to include weekends and/or holidays)Preferred Qualifications: Direct experience working with CubeSats, Small Satellites, or any other platforms or payloads designed for operation in space (design, build, test, analysis, launch, operation, etc.).Experience working with government and commercial aerospace customers.Familiarity with the aerospace industry, including launch vehicles and/or payload development.Ability to understand and/or conduct technical analysis products (structural, thermal, orbital mechanics).Understanding of United States export control laws and regulations.Understanding of United States spectrum coordination laws and regulations.Experience in IT networking and software development (particularly working with Linux-based systems and protocols).EEO STATEMENT: It is our policy to select, place, train and promote the most qualified individuals based upon relevant factors such as work quality, attitude and experience so as to provide equal employment opportunity for all employees in compliance with applicable local, state and federal laws and without regard to non-work related factors such as race, color, religion/creed, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran stats, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship, genetic information, or other protected status. When applicable, our policy of non-discrimination applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but not limited to recruiting, hiring, training, transfer, promotion, placement, lay-off, compensation, termination, reduction in force and benefits.To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen as defined by ITAR (22 CFR §120.15) or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.The statements contained in this job description are intended to describe the general content and requirements for performance of this job. It is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities, and requirements. This job description is not an employment agreement or contract.Management has the exclusive right to alter the scope of work within the framework of this job description at any time without prior notice.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceDisability insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRelocation assistanceRetirement planVision insuranceSchedule:10 hour shift8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus paySigning bonusWork Location:One locationWork Remotely:No	11146	Washington
Financial Analyst	Peraton	McLean, VA	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law.

As a government contractor, Peraton abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).

Qualifications

Required Skills
Requires 10 to 12 years with BS/BA or 8 to 10 years with MS/MA or 5 to 7 years with PhD.
TS/SCI clearance with polygraph
Strong understanding of the customer's financial policies and processes, including the customers financial accounting and reporting systems
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Experience developing and managing a groups budget and spendplan to include daily maintenance and updating of the spendplan file
Experience with various contracts and funding mechanisms commonly found in federal government acquisitions
Superior skill in Excel, including proficiency in the use of pivot tables and advanced lookup functions
High levels of organization and accuracy are an absolute must for the position
Desired Skills
Customer domain experience
Demonstrated ability to quickly ramp up to support the customers needs, multi-task, work autonomously, take the initiative to provide creative alternatives to intractable challenges or systemic problems
Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced environment co-located with multiple contractor and customer teammates
Responsibilities

Provide Financial Analysis and support in a fast-paced and dynamic customer environment . This position will manage the customer's multi-million dollar Spend Plan. The candidate will support the customer with tracking expenditures, initiating budget builds, tracking funding requests, running reports, assisting with preparation of briefings to higher level offices, as well as, attending and participating in these briefings with customer management. Must be willing to be proactive and communicate daily with project managers, external vendors, and group management. This is a high-visibility position in a very high-energy, fast-paced, mission focused area. The finance resource is a critical part of the group and mission and is the go-to person for all budget-related questions. The candidate will also work with internal and external financial organizations to gain insight into a complicated external funding process."	11146	Washington
Expert Functional Specialist - NTM	Peraton	Springfield, VA	None	"Peraton Overview

Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the worlds leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our 22,000 employees do the cant be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law.
As a government contractor, Peraton abides by the following provision
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).

Qualifications

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Bachelors degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Remote Sensing, Photogrammetry, Image Science, Data Science, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, Geography, or other related degree program, or related equivalent additional experience.
Demonstrated experience providing guidance and direction in high technology programs.
18+ years of experience in guidance, consultation, facilitation, and thought leadership to the client and/or project team based on specialized in-depth expertise in such fields as:
engineering and technology
policy and administration
program management
planning
analysis
training and development
facilities
communications
visual design
human capital
business
Current knowledge of NGA and NRO architecture, programs, mission, tools, services, and the interaction between the two.
Understanding of NTM data and products.
Understanding of agile (SAFe) development and methodologies.
Able to work across both NGA and NRO agencies.
Able to work with personnel at all levels of the organization.
Desired:
Masters degree or higher in Remote Sensing, Photogrammetry, Image Science, Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Geographic Information Systems, Geography, or other related degree program.
Expert-level experience in engineering, design and analysis of IT or related systems experience in all phases of design, development, analysis and documentation, and development of standards and guidelines for tasks being performed.
Expert-level experience working with DoD/IC Acquisition Process or PPBES.
Experience with Remote Sensing, Photogrammetry, or Image Science.
Working knowledge of Model-Based Systems Engineering, processes, tools and languages.
Previous NGA and/or NSG/ASG program/project work experience.
Previous IC or DoD program/project work experience.
Experience with Agile software development methodologies.
Experience with:
Project Management software (Project, Primavera)
Financial tracking software
Customer relationship management CRM software.
Enterprise resource planning ERP software.
Responsibilities

Functional Specialist/Advisor (Expert-Level)
Overall Assignment Description:
Provides expertise, guidance, consultation, facilitation, and thought leadership to the client and/or project team based on specialized in-depth expertise in such fields as: engineering and technology; policy and administration; planning; analysis; training and development; facilities; communications; visual design; human capital; business; and management. Ensures that quality is an integral part of the development, design and manufacture of products or services. Monitors requirements through test and measurement activities; manages/leads quality assurance activities.
Duties may include:
Proactively gather information, or initiate Technical Exchange Meetings with stakeholders or POCs, required to resolve unknowns or complete assigned tasking.
Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine approach and feasibility of design within time and cost constraints.
Analyze information to determine, recommend, and plan computer specifications and layouts, and peripheral equipment modifications.
Provide analysis findings as reports, matrices, graphs, or presentations.
Review existing programs and assist in making refinements, reducing operating time, and improve current techniques.
Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces.
Obtain and evaluate information on factors such as reporting formats required, costs, and security needs to determine hardware configuration.
Estimate software development costs and schedule.
Consult with customers about software system design and maintenance.
Consult with engineering staff to evaluate interface between hardware and software, develop specifications and performance requirements and resolve customer problems.
Confer with data processing and project managers to obtain information on limitations and capabilities for data processing projects.
Prepare reports and correspondence concerning project specifications, activities and status.
Evaluate factors such as reporting formats required, cost constraints, and need for security restrictions to determine hardware configuration."	11146	Washington
Substitute Nanny	College Nannies and Tutors - NC, OH, PA, & VA	Arlington, VA 22202 (Aurora Highlands area)	None	"We’re looking for compassionate caregivers to join a team to provide childcare in families' private homes in Arlington, VA, and offer GUARANTEED FT hours, and the surrounding areas. We are recruiting for amazing kid-care pros to care for children aged 6 months to 12 years old. If kids are your passion, let’s talk and get you working in the perfect position. You’ll receive initial and on-going job training, flexible scheduling, and the opportunity to meet new people and develop meaningful relationships.
Compensation + Benefits:
Competitive hourly wage
Medical benefits for full-time employees after their first 90 days and working an average of 35 hours per week
401K
Tuition reimbursement
CPR/first aid training
Paid time off
Professional development, including child development
Career advancement opportunities
Paid training + professional development + supportive managers and co-workers
About you:
You will be able to provide 3 childcare references, at least 2 from childcare work
You have relatable childcare experience and the desire to work one-on-one with children in their home, putting safety above all else
You have a reliable vehicle and will take assignments within 8 miles of your home
You’re already CPR certified or able to be so
You are available any 4 days per week or weekend for 6-10 hours shifts between 7:00 am and 6:00 pm
Mask Up! Protect our families, little ones, and yourself!
Here’s what you’ll be doing:
Maintaining the Environment - No matter the age of the children being cared for, it’s essential that their environment is safe, clean, and comfortable. That’s why caregivers need to keep the environment safe and age-appropriate activities at-the-ready, clean, and available.
Playing with Children - Playtime is not only fun for children – but it also helps them learn about the world around them, practice social interactions, and develop an array of new skills. So, you must be able to consistently and energetically play with 1 - 3 children in a safe and controlled manner.
Prepare and Clean-Up Meals - Throughout the course of the day, children must be provided with meals and snacks. To accomplish this, you will prepare easy meals and snacks, supervise the children while they eat, and clean up after mealtime.
Promote Personal Hygiene - There’s no getting around it: Infants and toddlers tend to get dirty, fast. Because of this, you will help the children under your care stay clean and encourage good[ personal hygiene habits. Depending on the age of the children under your care, this can also involve changing diapers or helping children use the bathroom.
Oversee Projects and Free Time - Although children should be allowed to play freely and express themselves through art projects and crafts and general playtime, they must be supervised at all times. That’s why you will direct projects, games, and other activities. Engagement is key to making the day great and helping parents be confident in your ability. So you’ll bring your creativity and genuine interest in fostering children's imaginations, physical development, and brain each day.
College Nannies + Sitters is part of the largest kid-care employer, and, we were a Glassdoor 2020 Top Places to work winner! We have other positions open in your area.
To start the interview process, reply here with a resume or just tell us about your professional babysitter or nanny experience. Don’t forget to tell us how best to reach you—phone, text, email!
College Nannies + Sitters is the nation's most respected, complete, and professional resource helping busy families raise smart, confident, well-adjusted kids. Join our mission of Building Stronger Families.
4GCKPUU1ou"	11146	Washington
