job_title	company	location	salary	description	counts	city
Sr. Automation Test Engineer	AttainX	Herndon, VA	None	"AttainX has been supporting DoD and Civilian agencies for more than 12 years. We are an EDWOSB, WOSB and 8(a) small business. Over the last 3 years we have achieved significant company growth. We have rapidly increased our personnel to more than 200 employees. We have also increased our contracts portfolio and hold the “Best in Class” contract vehicles, GSA MAS and OASIS Small Business and 8(a) Pools 1, 2 and 3. In addition, we are prime on several Agency Specific IDIQ’s and BPA’s with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Energy, Navy, Health and Human Service and the Defense Intelligence Agency.
AttainX is a mature company dedicated to quality and best practices for the services we provide. We understand personnel is essential in ensuring our customers Mission and Goals are met. We continue to maintain a retention rate, well above the industry average. AttainX does this by offering a competitive compensation plan and a leadership dedicated to employee growth and advancement.
AttainX, Inc. is in search of a highly energetic Automation Test Engineer with strong technical, communication and organizational skills to support our government client. Duties involve a wide range of support activities. An important part of your role will be to develop an automation framework, create and execute test scripts.
Position Responsibilities:
Work closely with other team members, business analyst, support team, and software developers to deliver the high quality products in a timely and cost-effective manner.
Develop an automation testing framework using TDD and Selenium
Create, maintain, and execute comprehensive test plans and automated test cases against our hardware and software platforms based on an analysis of the requirements, user stories, use cases, and technical design specifications.
Ensure coverage of the software requirements through traceability.
Plan test strategies in accordance with project scope or delivery dates.
Provide best estimate of test efforts.
Successfully monitor and track system defect resolutions efforts in a timely manner.
Accurately and clearly document system defects.
Participate in the use of established test processes and methodologies.
Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies
Experience/Skills Requirements:
Minimum of 10 years of experience in all phases of software testing
5 years of automation testing experience including designing and implementing an automation testing framework, developing automation test scripts, developing step definitions and feature files,
4 year Experience with Test Driven Development and Behavior Driven Development
Experience with cloud migration efforts, preferably with Microsoft Azure
Excellent organizational, detail-oriented, and time management skills are required.
Ability to manage multiple projects, work independently, set/re-evaluate priorities, meet deadlines and initiate follow-up action as necessary
Experience with US Federal Government Agencies (Preferred)
Education & Certification Requirements:
Bachelor Degree or higher degree in software engineering, information management or information technology field
Must have obtained professional certifications in Software testing.
AttainX Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, pregnancy, national origin, disability status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training."	2035	Washington
Test and Evaluation Engineer, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Alexandria, VA	None	"The Challenge:
How do we know if systems we deploy to warfighters in the desert will work in the intense dry heat? How can we be sure equipment we design can actually be used by a day-to-day user without an engineering background? When you build some of the most mission critical systems in the world, you can’t leave anything to chance. That’s why we need you –a test engineer who can learn the operational environment and how to make sure our systems will solve real problems in the real world.
As a test engineer on our team, you’ll help your client understand the functionality and performance of federal grants management systems. Far beyond a simple pass/fail, you’ll help create an evaluation that uses statistical data to design the most efficient and effective test. You’ll learn how to test a full range of functions in operationally representative scenarios to ensure scientists and educators have access to grants critical to move their ideas, experiments, and research forward. Once you complete your testing, you’ll provide a test report with recommendations that reflect your real-world understanding of the system’s capabilities and limitations. This is an opportunity to gain experience in test engineering while gaining experience in federal grants management. Join us as we build systems to change federal grants management for the better.
Empower change with us.
You Have:8+ years of experience in a professional work environmentExperience in advanced automation and performance testing with a special focus on Java Scripting advanced performance scripts, including Selenium, RPT and JmeterExperience with Web services testing including SoapUIExperience with testing in an Agile development environmentExperience with JIRA, Confluence, and Zephyr to develop and execute functional and regression test scriptsExperience with Section 508 testing, including JAWS, SortSite, and DragonExperience with writing SQL statements to acquire and verify test dataAbility to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degree
Nice If You Have:Experience with leading a test team and developing junior testersExperience with developing and implementing a test strategy independentlyExperience with developing an automated test frameworkPossession of excellent verbal and written communication skills
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	2035	Washington
Software Test Engineers	Zyxware Technologies	Herndon, VA 20170	None	"Do you have an eye for quality and detail? Do you want to be a part of the talented team of Software Testers? Your search ends here. Zyxware Technologies are looking for Software Test Engineers with minimum 2 year of experience to join our fast growing QA team. The person will be responsible for analyzing requirements, writing test cases, testing web applications and performing overall QA in the system. Selected candidates will be placed at our office in Technopark, Thiruvananthapuram or at Kochi. Outstation candidates can avail work from home option on a permanent basis.
Specifically, the person will be responsible for the following:
Designing and creating the architecture/framework for test automation
Test planning
Developing test strategies
Test estimations
Hands-on in both manual and automation
Creating Test Cases (Test Scripts) using Selenium Webdriver
Good experience on creating Test scenarios and creating/modifying/maintenance Test Automation Resources (Function Libraries etc.)
Ability to select test cases for Regression Testing and modify Tests and perform Regression Testing.
Experience on responsive testing, Cross Browser Testing (Executing test cases against various browsers like Mozilla Firefox, Google chrome, IE and Safari etc...) and Parallel Mentoring, monitoring and managing the performance of resources
Experience in UI testing
Experience in mobile app testing
Experience in SEO, Performance, Accessibility.
Reviewing and signing off the QA artifacts and reports prepared by Test Engineers
Tracking the new requirements for the project
Planning and arranging the hardware and software requirements for the test setup
Risk/issue management & alert the management of the same with suggestions to solve them
Handle internal and external stakeholder meetings
Ensuring timely delivery
Prioritize, manage and track project tasks
Defect tracking and closure
Contribute to the development, delivery and maintenance of technology-based business solutions
Test coordination, resource planning and management activities.
Implement Corrective Actions aimed at process/quality/cost improvements
Good to have knowledge/experience in automation using Behat BDD framework

2 - 4 years of relevant work experience.We are looking for someone with the following attributes:
Good Analytical Skills
Have an eye for quality and detail
Fluent in using web applications
Knowledgeable about manual testing
Good Communication skills, written & verbal
Ability to work without supervision
Good team player
If you meet the above requirements, please mail in your resume with the subject ‘Application for the post of Software Test Engineer (ST022101)' to careers@zyxware.com.
Please note that while the management appreciates your interest and application for the job, it may not be possible to send a personalized response to all applicants. Shortlisted applicants will receive an e-mail or a telephonic communication within two weeks of your application."	2035	Washington
Test Automation/Performance Engineer	BAE Systems	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"As a Test Automation Engineer in an enterprise test organization, the incumbent will be part of a thriving dynamic team of test automation developers and IT professionals. The test automation development team researches and develops innovative test automation solutions for multiple software architectures and systems to validate functional and performance capabilities. To include but not limited to, evaluation and implementation of automation tools, development and deployment of automated test suites and test harnesses in multiple environments, and provide automated solutions to streamline business processes.

The ideal candidate is highly technical and has a proven commitment to quality with a solid understanding of test concepts, software architecture and familiar with the latest software development methodologies, technologies and application performance analysis. The candidate must be self-motivated and be able to work with other team members on multiple projects. The candidate must have strong trouble shooting skills and the persistence to resolve issues.

Required Education, Experience, & Skills

3+ years of related professional experience and at least 2 years of practical experience with automation tools
Object Oriented Programming or scripting experience
Understanding of DevOps, CI/CD, IaC, Continuous Testing
Knowledge of multi-tiered web-based systems and data-driven applications
Expertise in analyzing, troubleshooting and resolving complex issues
Excellent planning and organization skills with commitment to delivering quality solutions
Ability to work concurrently on several projects with minimal instructions
Ability to prioritize and meet deadlines
Strong interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to work in a collaborative environment as well as independently with minimal supervision

Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills

Bachelor of Science in a related field
Experience with Service and Network Virtualization
Experience with CA DevTest Solutions
Experience with HP Application Lifecycle Management (ALM), Unified Function Test (UFT), LoadRunner (LR)
Experience with Dynatrace, Application Performance Management
Experience with open source test tools (Selenium, SoapUI, JMeter, JUnit, etc.)
Experience with tools to enable DevOps, specifically Jenkins, GitLab, Nexus, ThreadFix, SonarQube, Redmine, PCF, Docker
Understanding of web services, APIs, OGC services (WMS, WFS, etc.)
Understanding of Agile frameworks and methodologies, specifically SAFe, SCRUM and TDD/BDD
Understanding of Cloud technology (AWS)

About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security

BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it’s what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts – defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team—making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you’ll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference.

Intelligence & Security (I&S), based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels.


At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We’re laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues."	2035	Washington
Senior Test Engineer	TRIAEM, LLC	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Job Description

Test group develops test automation solutions for ensuring that our Customer cyber products and services perform as required to protect domestic networks and services. The project will work with state-of-the-art products and services used by operational personnel now and in the future. The successful candidate will create new automated tests for new projects and releases, and modify existing automation solutions. The position requires a confident self-starter who needs minimal supervision, but who can deliver results on schedule.


The work does not involve web or mobile app development. It will involve testing applications in the cloud.


Required Education, Experience and Skills

Over one year of experience in Linux and Windows required.

Experience in automation with Selenium WebDriver (Java), Cucumber, Eclipse/IntelliJ, JUnit, TestNG/Serenity is required.
Knowledge or experience with GitLab or Jenkins.
Knowledge or experience with Selenium Automation Frameworks.
Experience in writing Test Plans, Test Procedures and Test Summary Reports.

Preferred Education, Experience and Skills:

Knowledge or experience with REST API is a plus.
Knowledge or experience with Linux, VMware is a plus.
Knowledge or experiencein Cybersecurity concepts is a plus.

Location: Sterling, Va. - This position is currently 100% remote however once COVID is normalized this position will be 3 days on site and two days telecommuting.

Clearance: Secret"	2035	Washington
QA TEST ENGINEER	Wyth.me	Arlington, VA	None	"We're looking for a full-time QA Test Engineer to provide support for testing and implementation of our web and mobile applications.

Responsibilities:
Develop test plans, test cases based on evolving product requirementsDesign automation scripts using open source toolsPerform regression testing when needed
Conduct exploratory testing focused on user experience
Communicate PR opportunities with staff

Skills and Experience:
1+ years QA Testing ExperienceExcellent verbal/written communication skillsExperience with small businesses a plus
Experience with automated testing tools
Familiarity with Python, DJANGo, unitest, Selenium
Experience working in a team environment
Bachelors or equivalent

Interested applicants should complete the following:
Send your resume and cover letter to careers@wyth.me
If you have an example of a product you've previously worked on, please feel free to share."	2035	Washington
Sr. Software Engineer III	iZeal	Sterling, VA 20165	$119,000 a year	"Sr. Software Engineer III
iZeal, Inc. has job openings for Sr. Software Engineer III. Jobs located in Sterling, VA and various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. Design, develop, and implement software applications. Review, evaluate, and test client/server and web applications. Gather and evaluate user requirements and procedures. Perform fine tuning and testing of applications, backend procedures, and triggers in Databases. Create and enhance the automation pipelines for continuous integration and continuous deployment. Integrate code coverage and security tools for automation pipelines. Work with various technologies such as Java, Oracle, and SQL. Travel/relocate to various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. for long and short term assignments at client sites. Requires Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering (any), or related and 1 year of experience in the job offered or as a Computer Software Professional. Offered salary $119,000 P/Y. Mail resume with cover letter to iZeal, Inc., 46090 Lake Center Plaza, Suite 100, Sterling, VA 20165; Job 21IZI01; EOE"	2035	Washington
Test Engineer (Level 3)	LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION	Annapolis Junction, MD 20701	None	"At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, Cyber & Intelligence, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and forward-thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!

We are looking for a Test Engineer that analyzes system requirements and concept of operations documents, acquisition plans, and system descriptions to develop evaluation and test plans and procedures, prepare for and conduct the data collection and analysis, and report status and results. Supports the development of Government test and evaluation documentation e.g., Test & Evaluation (T&E) Strategy, Test & Evaluation Master Plan, Event Test Plans, Test Readiness Assessments, and T&E Reports. Works with other test organizations to support T&E program integration. Provides specialized T&E capabilities tailored to system functions, level, maturity, and performance area as assigned in the SOW.

Our Program is seeking innovative engineers to support a critical application centered in the Analytic mission as well as modernize the legacy system using a microservices-based architecture and cutting-edge technologies:

Agile development and delivery of software
Monolithic Application Support and Maintenance
Microservices Architecture migration
User Interface and User Experience with enhanced workflows
DevSecOps and Automation of CI/CD pipeline
Help Desk and 24X7 system call-in and on-call support/maintenance
NOTE: This position requires an active security clearance with polygraph and US citizenship for selection.

BENEFITS OF EMPLOYMENT:
We may not know what's going to change the world next, but chances are we're already working on it, and you can, too. As part of our culture of innovation, you’ll have excellent benefits and amenities, an inclusive work environment, ongoing career development and support, rewards and recognition to honor your hard work, and more.



HERE ARE SOME OF THE BENEFITS YOU CAN ENJOY:
Medical
Dental
401k
Paid time off
Work/life balance
Career development and mentorship opportunities
Rewards & recognition
Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. (https://www.lockheedmartinjobs.com/working-here#benefits)


Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. (https://www.lockheedmartinjobs.com/working-here#benefits)

We support our employees, so they can support our mission.
Basic Qualifications:
Nine (9) years of professional Test Engineering experience


Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in a related discipline. Four (4) years of Test Engineer experience on projects with similar processes may be substituted for a Bachelor’s Degree.
Desired Skills:
Experience with the following:

Ada SEC 508 complianceTest automation, Junit, Cucumber/Swagger, JMeter, Selenium, FitnesseUnit and integration testingExperience supporting Container based solutions
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional"	2035	Washington
QA Automation Engineer	VIDIZMO LLC	McLean, VA 22102	None	"VIDIZMO, a USA company headquartered in Tysons, Virginia, is a Microsoft Gold Applications & Cloud Partner recognized in Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Video Content Management.
We provide cutting-edge technology solutions for Fortune 500 companies, large, medium-sized enterprises, and the public sector across the globe. To maintain the best customer experience with our product, service, and support, we are looking to hire qualified, dedicated, and self-motivated candidates who can help us further our business mission, i.e., to deliver highly innovative technology solutions while always putting our customers first.
Currently, we are looking for a 'QA Automation Engineer', The Ideal candidate must be responsible for:

Develop and execute automated test scripts for requirement validation, regression, performance, security, and compliance testing
Identification and creation of reusable test data, particularly for automated testing
Perform validation, visual, API level, and integration level automated testing
Develop and execute automated tests; require programming in Python, C#, and scripting language
Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and cloud services (experience with Azure is needed)
Able to set up environments for execution of automated tests across different settings
Identify new approaches and suggest tools/techniques to fast track the automation effort
Work at devising and implementing a performance test suite
Responsible for automating the web, functional, and coded UI tests
Participate in Sprint planning for assigned projects/releases
Responsible for determining and driving the automation goals of the company
Comprehend with product requirements, priorities and create test automation plans to identify deliverable


Essential Skills:

A working understanding of code and script (.Net, PowerShell, Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server, and Python)
Writing Use Cases and Test cases for the software application
Producing UML diagrams to capture, communicate and learn information
Writing automated test cases using Selenium, Visual Studio Test Professional, or any equivalent tool/framework
Experience writing and managing automated test cases for The Web, Mobile, and Server-based applications
Hands-on experience writing SQL Queries
Solid knowledge of Web Applications and Concepts
Experience automating test cases for Web API and Web Services
Hands-on experience setting up or working in a Continuous Testing environment


Preferred Skills:

Strong experience with test automation frameworks is essential for this role
Experience with automation/configuration management using either Powershell or Python in Video technologies for the web
Streaming protocols including RTMP, RTSP, HLS, Multicast
Streaming servers/technologies such as Wowza, flash, windows media server, FFmpeg server, Azure media services, encoders/transcoders cloud or local
Working experience or knowledge of computer vision technologies such as OpenCV, Azure Media Service, etc.
Microsoft SharePoint and Skype for Business
Video conferencing systems such as Polycom, Cisco, etc. and their protocols


Required Qualification:

BS/BSc or MS/MSc in Computer Science
0-5 years or more experience with demonstrated proactivity & ownership
Good English language verbal, writing communication skills
QA or Test Automation Certifications
Experiencing working with the geo-distributed team in different time zones
Authorized to Work Legally


Benefits: Medical Facility, Life Insurance, Paid Leaves, Leave Encashment, Provident Fund, Performance Bonus

Multiple Locations: Pakistan, India, UAE, Australia, Canada & USA"	2035	Washington
Senior Automation Test Engineer	iWorks Corporation	Reston, VA	None	"About iWorks:
iWorks Corporation, founded in 2005, is a leading provider of information technology and professional services to the federal government. We are a recognized leader in personnel security and vetting solutions, Agile, DevOps, DevSecOps, data analytics, and cloud solutions. Our continuous process improvement approach, combined with our business and technology expertise, results in innovative solutions. We're a company people like working for and with. Our staff recognized iWorks as Washington Post Top Workplace for three years, including 2018.
What do YOU bring to the table?
You are someone who:
Manages priorities in a dynamic, changing environment
Resolves problems with innovative solutions
Has excellent communication skills (written and interpersonal)
Manages people and projects by delegating tasks effectively
Is comfortable presenting information to others professionally
Has the proven ability to train others
Can work and communicate across various teams to achieve a goal
Takes advantage of growth and learning opportunities
Volunteers to lead and contribute to the growth of the organization
What do WE bring to the table?
We want to put you in a position to lead and mentor. We let you apply your refined skills and expertise by way of teaching and leading members of your team. With us, you have the opportunity to fast track your path to management and supervisory roles. We give you the freedom to generate new ideas and solutions and make your mark by implementing them. Bottomline: We value your experience and encourage you to grow into leadership roles by contributing to various innovation and growth activities.
We want our employees to be happy, and we've accomplished that. Check out our rating on Glassdoor or consult our place on the Washington Post Top Places to Work if you'd like proof! Work life balance is important to you, and it's important to us. We offer telework options to help navigate your busy schedule or commute. Speaking of getting outside, we run Step Challenges throughout the year to make sure you have time away from your desk and get some fresh air!
We offer exceptional comprehensive benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life and Disability); 401(k); Profit Sharing; Health and Wellness Benefits; and Paid Sick Time, Vacation Time, and Holiday Time. You're eligible for bonuses throughout the year as part of our incentive program for innovation, and business development. All employees are also considered for an annual raise, commensurate with performance and company commitment.
Find us on Facebook and Twitter to see more into our company culture!
Senior Automation Test Engineer is responsible for supporting the planning, design and execution of system testing on simple to complex implementations. Emphasis will be on development and implementation of test automation for API and Web applications. As an Automation Engineer, this individual will be involved in defining and driving innovative automation testing strategies and incorporating them into the development cycle of the teams.
Job duties and responsibilities:
Responsible for defining and driving innovative automation testing strategies and toolsets into our overall development processes that support and enhance the current Quality Assurance processes within the organization.
Implement and maintain automated test triggering through the current continuous integration/continuous delivery tool to provide confidence in quality of delivery for all code deployments.
Evaluate technical feasibility of testing solutions/designs in wide range of technology platforms.
Collaborate with other QA Automation Engineers to maintain Automation testing best practices
Responsible for on-time delivery of test committed to, test plan creation, test plan execution, and test results reporting
Document the entire quality assurance testing process in test management tools such as Adaptivist, Jira and communicate the test results to the team constantly
Work with other functional Testers and non-functional testers and collaborate with project manager, developers, business analysts and representatives from business units throughout the testing process
Required Skills:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline
6+ years of Software Testing and Automation Testing
Thorough understanding of SDLC, specifically automated QA processes in agile development environments
Experience in writing, executing and monitoring automated test suites using a variety of technologies including, but not limited to, Postman and Selenium
Experience with Jenkins/Azure DevOps, Agile process improvement, CI/CD automation, Ansible, NPM or other packages.
Experience working with tools such as Confluence and test management tools such as Adaptivist
Proficient with bug tracking and test management toolsets to support development processes Strong working knowledge of testing fundamentals such as TDD
Excellent communication skills. Must be attentive to detail, highly-organized, and able to multi-task
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Ability to work independently and meet deadlines in a highly demanding environment
Experience in the health care domain is a plus.
FLSA & EMPLOYMENT STATUS: FLSA EXEMPT AND FULL-TIME POSITION
iWorks Corporation is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, Veteran status, sexual orientation, or other protected characteristic."	2035	Washington
Senior Test Engineer	Cyberspace Solutions, LLC	Sterling, VA 20166	None	"Overview:

Illuminate Mission Solutions (IMS) is seeking a Senior Level Test Engineer with an active SECRET clearance to support a federal customer on a Systems Engineering & Integration (SE&I) program. This program provides systems and security engineering and integration support to specific Government-sponsored projects, pilots and prototypes. This includes solution planning and engineering, defining security requirements, target architecture, interoperability and integration, system testing, Verification and Validation, Modeling and Simulation, studies and analysis, post-deployment security validation (PDSV), and project risk management.
This position is part of the Test group which develops test automation solutions for ensuring that our Customer cyber products and services perform as required to protect domestic networks and services. The project will work with state-of-the-art products and services used by operational personnel now and in the future.
Illuminate Mission Solutions (IMS), an Illuminate company, offers customers the support and delivery of a wide range of analytic and cyber effect solutions in the fight against Terrorism and in the support of National Defense. We are a mid-sized business that offers clients of a wide range of services and solutions in the fight against Terrorism in the support of National Security. We focus on cutting edge technology and employing industry-leading experts to solve complex cyber and Intelligence Community challenges. IMS works with the brightest minds in industry and provides unparalleled services in support of the mission and priorities of its customers. We form collaborative relationships with customers and builds strong teams to maximize staff talents and develop the best solutions to complex national security challenges.
Responsibilities:

The Senior Test Engineer creates new automated tests for new projects and releases and modify existing automation solutions. Duties may include:
Evaluates, recommends, and implements automated test tools and strategies.
Designs, implements, and conducts test and evaluation procedures to ensure that system requirements are met.
Develops, maintains, and upgrades automated test scripts and architectures for application products. Also writes, implements, and reports status for system test cases for testing. Analyzes test cases and provides regular progress reports.
Serves as subject matter specialist providing testing know-how for the support of user requirements of complex to highly complex software/hardware applications.
Directs and/or participates in all phases of risk management assessments and software/hardware development with emphasis on analysis of user requirements, test, design, and test tool selection.

Qualifications:

The Senior Systems Engineer shall possess the following qualifications:
An active SECRET clearance
Over one year of experience developing Java applications on Linux and Windows
Experience with Jira and Confluence
Preferred Education, Experience, and Skills:
Knowledge or experience of Selenium
Knowledge or experience with Automation Frameworks
Knowledge or experience with REST API
Knowledge or experience with Linux, VMware
Knowledge or experience with GitLab or Jenkins
Illuminate provides full-spectrum solutions and services to address the needs of our global clients across the commercial, homeland security, defense, and public sector industries. Its mission is focused on one objective: providing solutions that accelerate our customers’ operational decision making. Illuminate enables this ability by matching its multi-source data acquisition technologies and tradecraft-driven analytic services with superior large-scale AI/ML-enabled data enrichment, engineering methodologies, and our unique mission-oriented subject matter expertise.
Equal employment opportunity employer:
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
Illuminate is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women."	2035	Washington
Broadcast Engineer -Broadcast Operations Center	TWD	Washington, DC 20410 (South West area)	None	"Broadcast Engineer/Technician supports operation of our client’s Broadcast Operations Center at the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) located in Washington, DC. The Broadcast Operations Center delivers news, information, training and employee development programs to all HUD employees nationwide.
The Broadcast Operations Center provides services Monday through Friday between 7:00 am and 6:00 pm; Flexible and compressed work schedules are available. The work hours may be adjusted by the Program Manager based on Department needs and scheduled events.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Provide assembly, installation and implementation of broadcast television/AV and webcasting equipment systems.
Install broadcast television, video production, audiovisual support equipment, webcasting and information technology equipment according to established broadcast engineering standards, HUD approved specifications and standards.
Install cable plant transmission media and equipment which may include facilities such as broadband coaxial and multi-axial cable (balanced and unbalanced), fiber optics, and RF links of all types for linear and non-linear transmission and distribution of baseband/multiplexed product and associated equipment control. Install government furnished equipment of all types in new and existing systems and test to verify proper operation.
Determine the problem and the most cost-effective repair, which could be performed at the manufacturers repair facility.
Set up, operate, and maintain broadcast equipment.
Assure high quality of broadcasting.
Design and modify equipment according to specifications.
Provide training on system operation to HUD personnel.
Other duties as assigned.
Job Requirements
Education and Experience:
Required:
Bachelor's degree and 3+ years of experience in the broadcast television environment.
Thoroughly knowledgeable of TV operations and engineering; knowledgeable of different equipment in equipment used in the production facility, production techniques and terminology.
Min three (3) years of experience in the maintenance of broadcast automation systems for the studio and automatic transmission systems for the transmitter plant.
Ability to maintain specific equipment, but not limited to Ross switchers, Omneon Media group servers, Sony HD Cameras, digital audio boards and signal path peripheral HD equipment."	2035	Washington
Software Tester	ECS Federal LLC	Washington, DC	None	"ECS is seeking a Software Tester to work in our Washington, DC office. Please Note: This position is contingent upon contract award.
Job Description:
Possesses and applies expertise on multiple complex work assignments.
Assignments may be broad in nature, requiring originality and innovation in determining how to accomplish testing and tasks.
Operates with appreciable latitude in developing methodology and presenting solutions to problems. Contributes to deliverables and performance metrics where applicable.
Works closely with software engineers and developers to test features and identify and resolve bugs.
Plans and documents test cases, develops test benches and performs design validation and testing.
May involve writing test scripts and involve some automation of the test procedure.
Requires strong testing experience and familiarity with various test methodologies and or software languages.

Required Skills:
BS Degree and 4+ years IT experience, as described below - OR- Formal IT Certification Equivalent and 6+ years IT experience, as described below
Experience in applying a comprehensive knowledge across key tasks and high impact assignments;
Experience planning major technology assignments and recommends major changes affecting project growth and success;
Experience applying technical expertise across multiple project assignments;
Complete experience with Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) support, coding application logic via various programming languages and Integrated Development Environments (IDE), and deploying applications via various Application Server platforms;
Experience handling multiple tasks, changing priorities, and timely action;
Experience in information technology systems and applications testing;
Experience with Agile methodologies and Agile project management

ECS is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. ECS promotes affirmative action for minorities, women, disabled persons, and veterans.
ECS is a leading mid-sized provider of technology services to the United States Federal Government. We are focused on people, values and purpose. Every day, our 3000+ employees focus on providing their technical talent to support the Federal Agencies and Departments of the US Government to serve, protect and defend the American People."	2035	Washington
Software Development Engineer in Test	Friendly Consultants	Reston, VA	None	"Location : Reston, VA 20191
Education : a Bachelor's degree or its equivalent in Computer Information Systems or a closely related field
Specific Job Responsibilities :

Develop the ability to create, execute and maintain effective test plans, test scenarios and test cases based on requirements, user stories and project needs
Analyze and review business requirement documentation to aid in the creation of test plans, use case scenarios and test script creation
Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities
Design, develop and execute automation scripts, and evaluate test output.
Liaise with internal teams such as developers and product owners to identify system requirements
Develop automated tests for the SOAP API and web interface using test automation frameworks like Cucumber, Selenium using node.js and JavaScript.
Document and evaluate test results and defects, track and manage defects and work with Development and Business teams to troubleshoot issues
Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, features and Step Definitions in Gherkin format for BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber.
Performed Continuous integration automation using Jenkins and scheduled the tests to run at designated time frame.
Define test objectives and responsible for all levels of testing, which include Regression, Integration, Performance and End to End testing
Identify any potential quality issues per defined process and escalate potential quality issues immediately to management.
Ensure that validated deliverables meet functional and design specifications and requirements.
Performs quality control and quality assurance testing of applications using a set of testing tools, testing framework, processes and methodologies
Perform exploratory testing based on defined test methods with a focus on efficiency and risk-mitigation.
Communicate and coordinate with integration partners on test schedules, plans and testing activities to meet client compliance standards.

How to Apply: Fax Resume to Friendly Consultants Inc. at 800-471-9415."	2035	Washington
Test Engineer	Sierra7	Falls Church, VA 22042	None	"Sierra7, Inc. is seeking a Test Engineer to join a team providing full DEVOPS lifecycle support and services to the VA. The candidate will follow established quality control standards and reviews for software development, be proactive with risk identification and mitigation, and must have experience testing software code.


Sierra7 is a US Small Business Administration (SBA) and Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE)-verified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Business (SDVOSB) who provides Federal clients system and technology integration, program management, business process optimization, and enterprise solutions.


Position Responsibilities:
 Work with developers, end users and organizations to create test plans and test scripts.
 Coordinate with test sites and other team participants to plan test events.
 Create reports, track problems, and report on errors that are identified.
 Configure necessary hardware and operating environments as needed to complete testing,
 Participate in the development of a roadmap to move the application from its current monolithic structure to a micro-service/API driven structure.
 General understanding of cloud web environments
 Participate in the requirements definition process to better understand the customer needs to create acceptance criteria and test cases
 Follow established team-developed coding and software tools standards
 Develop work products in adherence to established security and quality control standards for software development
 Develop work products in adherence to 508 coding standards and tools
 Debug and correct code errors
 Create the formal design documentation as required


Required Skills and Experience:
 Comprehensive technical expertise on IT products, operating systems, software, hardware, systems and networks and specialized environments.
 The candidate must experience in writing test plans and test procedures and managing the defect database.
 2+ years of test case automation
 Selenium
 Java or Ruby or Javascript coding languages(Java is ideal)
 Database testing
 508 testing
 REST API testing
 JIRA
 Mobile app testing
 Katalon or other codeless automation tools
 Salesforce
 Strong oral and written communication skills
 Must be able to write clear and concise test-related documentation


Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, engineering management, math, or similar technical discipline (8 years’ experience can be substituted for education)
2-5 years of relevant experience
Experience working in VA or other Government agency [desired]
Agile / SAFe experience [desired]
Ability to obtain a Government security clearance.


This is a full-time remote position.


Disclaimer

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

Equal Opportunity Employer Veterans Disabled"	2035	Washington
Automation Engineer	Valiant Integrated Services	McLean, VA 22101	None	"Valiant is seeking an Automation Engineer to support a fast-paced, challenging, and rewarding program within the Northern Virginia area. The position requires an active TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance.

Responsibilities:
The Automation Engineer will work on a small and growing team supporting a data-intensive organization through the development of apps, tools, and packages designed to automate ETL, business practices, and intelligence products.
The Automation Engineer will enable the use of data from an enormous variety of sources through database queries and REST API calls.
In addition to tool development, the candidate will have the opportunity to develop machine learning and artificial intelligence skills through close coordination with data scientists throughout the program.
The Automation Engineer will be highly customer-focused and must be comfortable developing innovated solutions in an often resource-constrained classified development environment.
The ideal candidate will be skilled, flexible, and passionate about developing technical solutions which will directly impact US national security.
We are looking for the ability to rapidly prototype and test solutions with production-level quality.
Collaboration and team-building skills are also critical for success.
CORE VALUES:
INTEGRITY - Honesty, Trust and Respect in every situation

EXCELLENCE - Performance, Effectiveness, Quality, and Safety in everything we do

INNOVATION - Embracing new ideas and best practice in every service that we provide


Valiant Integrated Services is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.


NOTICE: Valiant Integrated Services NEVER asks job applicants to issue any payment or service fees to Valiant or its recruiters as part of our application process. Before providing any personal information to outside parties, verify that the job you are applying for appears on our Careers site."	2035	Washington
Supervisory Electronics Technician	US Architect of the Capitol	Washington, DC	$103,690 - $134,798 a year	"Duties
Summary
This position is located in the Architect of the Capitol (AOC); Office of the Chief Engineer (OCE), Energy, Water and Sustainability Branch, Energy Management Control System Group. The selectee will be responsible for overseeing and performing a variety of Electronics Technician and Electronic Industrial Controls Mechanic duties associated with the mission of providing energy management. Position will manage the AOC's direct digital controls building automation system networks.

Responsibilities
The Supervisory Electronics Technician performs administrative and technical supervisory functions in support of the AOC’s Strategic Vision and Federal requirements, and serves as the Subject Matter Expert (SME) on the Building Automation System Network architecture, operations and maintenance system hardware/software/firmware, configuration and communication protocols and AOC information security policies.

Major Duties:

Leadership and Managerial Responsibilities
Performs administrative and technical supervisory functions for subordinates; Assigns duties and evaluates performance; Manages the organizational unit’s budget and workload; Develops performance requirements for subordinates and ensures a mutual understanding of the performance standards; Resolves complaints and grievances.
Prepares cost estimates of materials for anticipated alterations and new construction.
Provides for employee skills enrichment through job related coaching, mentoring and training.
Facilitates information sharing between jurisdictions, advising members on building automation system best practices and network security requirements.

Project Management and Task Leader Support
Supervises and controls assigned aspects of all design and renovation projects that require the use or expansion of the building automation system.
Develops, reviews and approves plans and schedules which allow project development milestones to be maintained.
Manages and directs contract administration activities for long-term, extensive technical study, design and construction contracts.
Monitors the status of contract performance, approval of progress payments, providing recommendations on contractor proposals resulting from change orders, scheduling, resolving problems that have arisen and validation of contract deliverables; Monitors assigned contractor activities to ensure compliance with technical, financial, delivery and other terms of the contract.
Provides definitive technical guidance to contractors engaged in activities such as control system installation, integration and commissioning software and hardware to ensure all contract specifications are met.
Provides expert guidance and review of building automation matters for a wide variety of study, design and construction projects.
Provides review and comments on potential A/E and construction scope of work packages; Reviews and comments on A/E submission packages for assigned projects, providing constructive feedback in line with project design intent and building automation system requirements.
Utilizes AOC project management systems such as E-builder to provide scope of work and design package review comments for assigned projects.

Electronic Integrated Systems Maintenance and Operation
Repairs, overhauls, rebuilds, modifies, tests and troubleshoots electronic systems composed of a number of individual subsystems which are linked together and interrelated so that their combined functions accomplish a specific objective and comprise a complete system.
Provides technical support and solutions to problems associated with the central processing unit and field controllers within individual jurisdiction equipment.
Identifies and investigates complex problems and conflicts in assigned area of responsibility involving project requirements, objectives, interfaces or schedules.
Troubleshoots systems during operational tests and improvises procedures to cope with unforeseen defects.

Building Automation System Network Maintenance and Operation
Installs, maintains, troubleshoots, programs and operates the AOC Building Automation System Network (BASnet) (an ASHRAE BACNet protocol Direct Digital Control (DDC) System), along with nonBACNet DDC systems and Operator Work Station software.
Oversees the BASnet system Electronics Technician (s) responsible for maintenance and security, which includes updates, system back-ups and setting security access levels for users.
Performs installation, modification, operation, maintenance, documentation, calibration, repair testing and trouble-shooting of the EMCS field devices, including the day to day overall performance of the Field Interface Devices.
Travel Required
Not required
Supervisory status
Yes
Promotion Potential
13 - Full Performance Level is GS-13
Job family (Series)
0856 Electronics Technical
Requirements

Requirements
Conditions of Employment
You must be a U.S. Citizen.
You must be able to pass a drug test.
You must meet the definition of specialized experience.
.
Qualifications
You must meet the United States Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) qualification requirements (including specialized experience and/or educational requirements) for the advertised position. You must meet all eligibility and qualifications requirements by the closing date of the job announcement. Additional information on the qualification requirements is outlined in the OPM Qualifications Standards Handbook of General Schedule Positions. It is available for your review on the OPM web site at OPM qualification standards

Specialized experience is experience that has equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the position to be filled. To be creditable, specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least the next lower grade level.

Candidates for the GS-13 grade level must have at least 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower (GS-12) grade level in the Federal service.


Specialized experience is defined as having experience in the following:

(1) Providing oversight and/or leading in the installation, maintenance, troubleshooting, programming and operation of a Building Automation System Network (BASnet);

(2) Planning, developing and managing design and renovation projects requiring the use or expansion of a building automation system;

(3) Providing administrative direction and technical guidance to subordinates in the performance of work supporting energy management through direct digital controls building automation system networks;

(4) Testing, repairing, configuring, rebuilding and troubleshooting Building Automation or systems, subsystems, equipment and/or controls;

(5) Applying comprehensive knowledge of construction, commissioning, operation and maintenance of various building systems such as HVAC, lighting and lighting control systems, and how they interface with each other and the BASnet.
Education
No education substitution.
Additional information
Welcome Veterans. The Veterans Employment Opportunities Act of 1998 (VEOA) gives veterans' preference rights in the legislative branch to certain veterans as applied by the Congressional Accountability Act. Veterans' preference is applied on this vacancy announcement. If you are a veteran and have been separated under honorable conditions, you must submit a copy of your DD-214 or other proof of eligibility; SF-15, if applicable; and Department of Veterans Affairs documentation of disability, if applicable. For more information, please visit OPM vet guide

If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, you must certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System. If you are exempt from registration under Selective Service Law, you must provide appropriate proof of exemption. Please visit the Selective Service System website for more information.

DRUG TESTING: The Architect of the Capitol (AOC) is a Drug Free Workplace. As part of the AOC’s suitability assessment, a candidate tentatively selected for a position who is not a current AOC employee is required to submit to screening for illegal drug use. Satisfactory completion of a drug test is a condition of employment with the Agency. A candidate must test negative prior to being eligible for appointment into a position. We will schedule, provide, and cover the cost for the drug test.

The selectee(s) under the vacancy announcement for this position is subject to a criminal record check by the U.S. Capitol Police and satisfactory adjudication to be eligible for employment at the Architect of the Capitol.

The Architect of the Capitol is an E-VERIFY Participant. E-VERIFY is an Internet-based system that compares information from an employee's Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, to data from U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Social Security Administration records to confirm employment authorization in the United States. If you are selected for this position, the documentation that you present for purposes of completing the DHS Form I-9 will be verified through the DHS ""E-VERIFY"" electronic system. For more information on E-Verify, please visit http://www.dhs.gov/files/programs/gc_1185221678150.shtm

The Architect of the Capitol is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, religion, age, national origin, genetic information, sexual orientation and/or disability.
This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the agency. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis.

Moving expenses are not authorized.

Relocation expenses are not authorized.

Probationary Period- A newly hired selectee(s) is subject to the completion of a one-year trial/probationary period, regardless of whether or not a trial/probationary period has been completed previously with the Architect of the Capitol or another Federal agency.

This vacancy announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies in any of the jurisdictions of the Architect of the Capitol.

All application materials become the property of the Architect of the Capitol.


How You Will Be Evaluated
You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.
Review your resume and responses carefully. Your eligibility for consideration and qualifications for the position will be determined based upon a review of your detailed resume and your responses to job specific self-assessment questions.

Your resume will be evaluated based on evidence of your ability to demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) for this position, possession of any specialized experience, and how well your background and experience relates to the self-assessment questions in the job announcement. The self-assessment questions relate to the following knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies:

Leadership Ability
Project Management
Comprehensive knowledge of and experience applying a wide range of practices, policies and techniques applicable to Building Automation System Network (BASnet) and related systems and software.
Infrastructure design, installation and operation.
Application of both fiber optic tools and Ethernet cable tools and their respective testing equipment.
Comprehensive knowledge and experience related to construction, commissioning, operation and maintenance of various building systems (HVAC, lighting and lighting control systems, elevators, advanced metering and monitoring, pumping systems, etc.) and how they interface with each other and the BASnet.
Broad knowledge and experience with Direct Digital Control (DDC), real-time data acquisition/control, and the principles and theories of electronics involved in various building automation infrastructure.
Ability to communicate orally and in writing.

Your responses to the self-assessment questions serve as the basis for your initial rating. You will receive a numerical score based on your responses to these questions. Next, your responses will be evaluated by a Human Resources Specialist and/or a subject matter expert against the information provided in your resume and optional cover letter. Your resume must support your answers to the self-assessment questions. Falsifying your background, education, and/or experience is cause for not hiring you or disqualification for further consideration.

Please note that a complete application is required for consideration.

To preview questions please click here.

Background checks and security clearance
Security clearance
Other
Drug test required
Yes
Position sensitivity and risk
Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
Trust determination process
Suitability/Fitness
Required Documents

Required Documents
The Architect of the Capitol's job application process is designed to ensure that we only ask you for the information that is absolutely needed to evaluate your qualifications and eligibility for the position.

To apply for this position, you only need to submit online the following: a) your resume and 2) answer the online vacancy assessment questionnaire. The online questionnaire contains eligibility and screening questions and other relevant supplemental information. No additional documentation or attachment is required at the time of application.


We ask that you prepare and submit a resume that best describes fully your background experience, skills, abilities, education, training and other relevant credentials. The resume should include dates of employment.

Nothing further is required until it is requested by the staff of the Human Capital Management Division. If additional documentation is required for a position, you will be asked to provide it during the selection process or upon selection. At that point, we may ask you to submit documentation to support statements made in your resume.

For example, we may ask you to provide documents such as college transcripts, copy of diploma or proof of Federal employment status. If the position requires a license or certification, we will ask candidate(s) to provide proof at the time of selection.

If you are claiming veterans' preference, we may ask you to submit proof of Veterans preference (DD-214, and, if claiming 10-point preference, the SF-15 plus proof required by that form).

If you fail to provide the required documents, we will withdraw a tentative job offer made and/or remove you from further consideration.
If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
Benefits

Benefits
A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
A variety of health insurance plans; retirement system with investment options; paid holidays; paid sick and annual (vacation) leave; life insurance; incentive systems; subsidized transportation; training and development opportunities, etc.

The Architect of the Capitol offers eligible employees opportunity to participate in the Student Loan Repayment Program.
Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
Help
This job is open to
The public
U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
Clarification from the agency
This announcement is open to all U.S. citizens."	2035	Washington
SDET - Web Automation , Selenium, Java	Arthur Grand Technologies Inc	Reston, VA 20191	None	"Company Description
Company Description
Started
 in 2012 we are in the business of providing technology consulting
services to federal government as well as fee based subscription
services to small businesses that wants to win federal contracts. We
have grown by 200% and 300% in the years 2015 and 2014 respectively as
compared to the previous years. In 2016 we achieved 200% growth as
compared to 2015.

Benefits of doing business with us:

Offers cost effective solutions
Strives for optimum quality and timely delivery
Ensures 100% client satisfactio

Job Description
Position: SDET (Software Development Engineer in Test) – Web Automation Tester
Location: Overland Park, KS or Reston, VA
Duration: Long Term Contract
Keywords in resume: Web Automation, Selenium, TestNG
Technical/Functional Skills
Must have experience in the below:Web Automation testingSelenium, TestNGJava (core/Advanced), Java ScriptUnix/LinuxCI/CD work experienceTest Automation tools/frameworksMust have 8 years of Testing experienceExcellent designing and programming skillsGood Analytical & Communication skillsGood understanding of SDLC, STLC and knowledge of Test Automation processes.Expertise in Java, Groovy, ReadyAPI, Selenium, Saucelabs, Appium, Jenkins and Bitbucket.Knowledge in tools like ALM, JIRA
Roles & ResponsibilitiesUnderstanding project documents, customer demands, and product objectives to create and execute test cases.Setting up, maintaining, and performing test automation frameworks on multiple application platforms, such as Mobile, Desktop, and Web, and building test scenarios and acceptance tests.Handling technical communications and understanding the customers' systems.Working with deployments teams, resolving level issues for systems, coordinating on product design, and offering inputs on the testability of functional elements and product designs.Design, Implement and maintain Multi- Layer Test Automation Frameworks – API, Frontend Web, Mobile Apps etc.Design, develop and coordinate the integration of the Test Automation Framework with the CI/CD Build Pipeline.Take complete ownership of the Test Automation Stack and ensure timely updates to the test automation codebase in order to reflect the latest application functionality changes.Suggest and oversee the implementation of technical improvements and best practices

Additional Information
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines."	2035	Washington
Senior Test Automation Engineer/ QA Architect	Carat Space Inc	Herndon, VA 20171	$50 - $60 an hour	Senior QA Automation EngineerThis is a Contract-to-Hire role for one of our clients. Contract role for 6 months- transitions to FT thereafter based upon candidate performance. This is a senior position responsible for the Software Quality Assurance team, leading new and existing Quality Assurance initiatives, and will be instrumental in managing QA processes, driving test methods, and risk analysis.Extensive experience designing solution architectures for an enterprise software, service virtualization, or systems integration company;Effective at quickly understanding technology and explaining it in non-technical terms;Demonstrated presentation and proposal writing/preparation skills;Define approach to test entire systems;Design, plan, execute, monitor, improve testing process for a testing engagement;Ability to meet deadlines and work independently;Oversee/ensure the quality of test plans, test cases, test matrix, and bug reportingExtensive scripting and development experience in a broad range of programming languages;Deep database (RDBMS) technology understanding with hands on experience in SQL and procedural languages; Aurora and Dynamo DB preferred.Advanced experience in Cloud and VirtualizationThe ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, proven leadership skills, software development experience, deep understanding of formal QA tools, methodology/processes and deep experience with service virtualization.Position Description & Responsibilities:The right candidate drives the test automation strategy. She/he sets the technical direction for the QA work and leads the test automation team; works closely with development and the test team to meet the quality objectives of the client organization.Establish design principles for QA automation and Performance Testing; present options and recommendations as neededDesign new and maintain existing test automation frameworksDesign and architect modular and reusable automated testing solutions that satisfy client requirements.Work closely with the test team to identify new automation opportunities.Mentor the test automation team.Contribute to managing of test environments.Communicate test progress, test results, and other relevant information.Develop and maintain a planning model that estimates the ROI of test automation. Track and report actual ROIKeep current with advances in automation methodologies and tools.Research, evaluation, and deployment of new test tools.Experience with Jenkins or other continuous integration software.QualificationsRequired Skills/Competencies: QA professional with 10+ years software industry and management experienceSeven years test automation experience with a minimum of three years at a senior level. Demonstrated. Experience in selecting, designing, and implementing test automation frameworks. Experience developing in-house automation toolsStrong hands-on experience using Selenium Web Driver with Java, JIRA, Confluence and Version OneExpertise with continuous integration Jenkins and Electric CloudUniversity degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent business degree.Desired Skills/Competencies: Demonstrable success with the full software development lifecycle; and using the Agile Development processesExperience developing and testing entire systems, with capability to understand details mixed technologiesSuccessful track record as a 'hands on' leader within QA teams, building and managing teams to a level of top-notch professionalsExperience in Banking and or financial applications is a definite assetWork authorization: Must be a US Citizen or Green Card holder.Job Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $50.00 - $60.00 per hourSchedule:Monday to FridayApplication Question(s):This position requires US citizenship or green card. Do you meet these requirements?Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Python: 2 years (Required)Robot Framework: 3 years (Required)Test Automation: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19	2035	Washington
Test Engineer	Octo	Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)	None	"You…

As a Test Engineer you will develop and execute software test plans in order to identify software problems and their causes. The candidate will support the project effort in all aspects of user story development, reviews, implementation, and production support with a focus on system testing/verification and quality assurance.

Us…

We were founded as a fresh alternative in the Government Consulting Community and are dedicated to the belief that results are a product of analytical thinking, agile design principles and that solutions are built in collaboration with, not for, our customers. This mantra drives us to succeed and act as true partners in advancing our client’s missions.


Program Mission…
The Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC) collects and maintains personnel, manpower, training and other data for the Department of Defense. This information is used to help ensure our military and their dependents receive healthcare, retirement funding and other benefits.
This position supports the planning & management of quality assurance, testing, automation, data management and modernization of the test tools and automation framework. Additionally, this position will support the migration to agile methodologies, cloud-based containerized development and assist in the implementation of DevSecOps & CI/CD pipelines.
What we’d like to see...

Experience implementing cloud native test automation tools and defining frameworks and methods that increase efficiency
Design and implement robust and scalable test automation solutions within a DevOps environment to improve the quality of functional, regression, and system tests
Experience designing and migrating non-cloud test automation to cloud basedDevOps pipeline solutions in OCI or AWS
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, a related field or equivalent experience
Works collaboratively with cross-functional teams in agile settings to understand business requirements to develop test automation that supports DevOps
Strong experience with agile methodologies

Desired Skills…

Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work in a collaborative environment as well as independently to ensure work is completed on time
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proven expertise in executing test plans, documenting results, generating test reports, and data generation
Experience with automation test tools such as Selenium and Cucumber frameworks
Working Knowledge of Jira and Confluence


Years of Experience: 5+ years of experience

Education: Bachelor’s Degree

Location: Seaside, California or Alexandria, VA

Clearance: Active Secret Clearance"	2035	Washington
Data Engineer II	MasterCard	Arlington, VA	None	"Our Purpose
We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results.
Job Title
Data Engineer II
The Data Engineer II will participate on data management aspects of client engagements to deliver Test & Learn and other D&S delivery solutions, as well as contribute to and foster a high-performance collaborative workplace. A Data Engineer II will:

Independently execute projects through design, implementation, automation, and maintenance of large-scale enterprise ETL processes for a global client base
Develop repeatable and scalable code that processes client data in an automated and efficient manner to ensure data availability in the platform is as real-time as possible.
Act as an expert data resource within the team
Manage the process of data delivery on teams by overseeing other Data Engineers and Analysts to deliver on-time, accurate, high-value, robust data solutions across multiple clients, solutions, and industry sectors
Build trust-based working relationships with peers and clients across local and global teams
Implement best practices and collaborate in the design of effective streamlined processes for a complex global solutions group
Leverage industry best practices including proper use of source control, code reviews, data validation and testing
Enhance big data pipelines using Python, R, SSIS and Powershell to address complex technical challenges and seamless communication with several cloud storage technologies
Leverage new SQL Server features such as Columnstore Indexes, In-Memory OLTP, Incremental statistics, Trace Flags, SQL CLR functions, window aggregate functions, and parallel computing algorithms to reduce the processing time of multi-billion row data sets
Contribute to the automation capabilities of the team. Implement techniques to optimize and routinize repeatable tasks for Test & Learn data setup
Comply with and uphold all Mastercard internal policies and external regulations
Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.
Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact reasonable.accommodation@mastercard.com and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly."	2035	Washington
Quality Assurance (QA) Test Engineer	Tiber Creek	Fairfax, VA 22033	None	"Tiber Creek Consulting is seeking a Quality Assurance (QA) Test Engineer to join our team in Fairfax, VA. You will have a key role within our software development teams, testing as well as monitoring contract daily operations and adherence to defined quality assurance processes using the CMMI Model Framework, and integrating cost, schedule, productivity, quality, customer satisfaction and return on investment to ensure that Tiber Creek provides the best possible product. You will support the execution of the project plan in conjunction with the Program Manager (PM) and monitor verification activities; requirements, analysis, design, and documentation activities; manual and automated testing; release management; audits and reviews; validation activities, and customer help ticket resolution with Help Desk staff.
You will ensure unified focus on producing the results that our customers expect; coordinate efforts across functional, technical, and data teams; and monitor / report progress on change management and software maintenance activities. You must be detail oriented and have a solid understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).

Apply To: https://tibercreek.com/careers/apply/

Education: Post-Secondary Degree, or equivalent years of experience

Experience: 3+ years of QA / Test Engineer experience

Clearance: Be clearable or have an active DOD Secret clearance.

Related Experience Should Include:
Performing QA/Test Engineer duties with a solid understanding of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) and defect lifecycle.
Solid understanding of process for eliciting, analyzing, and verifying requirements in an Agile development environment.
Experience with Agile development in a Microsoft software engineering environment, testing products developed using C#, .NET, and a SQL Server backend.
Experience developing software tests for functional, performance, and regression testing that include automated, ad-hoc, and manual testing elements.
Use of automated testing tools such as Microsoft Test Manager (MTM), Coded UI, Selenium.
Good understanding of Black box, functional, integration, system, and regression testing on new and existing functionality (designing and developing regression test cases/test scenarios). Managing and directing system test activities, creating test cases, test scenarios, requirement traceability matrix.
Testing for accessibility in accordance with Section 508 standards (Usability and Compliance).
Working on CMMI for DEV ML3 or higher appraised projects, and audit experience in ISO 9001:2008 or 2015 standards, monitoring supporting artifact repository, and participating in audits.
Expertise developing and adhering to process and procedures, participating in process improvement, status reporting, and facilitating team collaboration.
Creating standard operating procedures and metrics based on best practices for a QA team.

Job Duties:
Partner with Agile Release Team to plan for new functionality, resolve defects, and incorporate error injection test methodologies and provide input into improving the Automation test framework for the organization.
Develop and execute testing tasks and plans that meet time lines and release requirements.
Develop and execute test scripts and test cases; test plans, test reports, root-cause analysis, and security certification compliance testing.
Performance testing, regression testing, high availability testing, end user testing.
Verification of system capabilities and system enhancements or changes.
System and software level integration troubleshooting.
Support requirements traceability, requirements verification, defect tracking, documentation, and communication.
Assist the PM in delivering the highest quality product possible. Hold and document reviews with contract leadership, team members, clients and other stakeholders, monitoring and tracking the contract and work products against the plan.
Support process or product implementation and identify areas for improvement as well as product and project risks and issues; identify mitigations as needed.
Interface with team and customers to refine requirements, user stories, and to better define and describe product features.
Ensure configuration and release management of testing data, documentation, and environments.
Participate in requirement, test case, and test plan peer reviews and maintain and improve product quality by completing product, and process audits.
Monitor adherence to quality management system and perform quality inspections; audit internal and external projects to ensure testing is occurring and is compliant with process and procedures, and meets CMMI and ISO compliance standards.
Ensure Process and Procedure documentation is maintained.

Physical Demands and Work Environment:
Usual office working conditions and standard office equipment.
Required to sit for long periods of time using a personal computer.
Some light physical effort required.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.

Minimum Qualifiers:
Candidates must have current DoD Secret clearance, Public Trust, or ability to obtain (application completion requires verifiable information regarding your U.S. citizenship, residence, education, employment history, family, associates, and foreign connections/travel as well as questions regarding criminal records, illegal drug involvement, financial delinquencies, certain types of mental health treatment, alcohol-related incidents and counseling, military service, prior clearances and investigations, civil court actions, misuse of computer systems, and subversive activities).
Unable to work with 3rd party candidates or agencies.
Only local residents to the Northern VA, DC, MD area will be considered."	2035	Washington
Test Engineer	Imperatrix	Germantown, MD	None	"MailChimp is the world’s largest marketing automation platform. More than 15 million people and businesses use MailChimp to design and send 1 billion emails a day. We empower small businesses with a suite of powerful and easy-to- use email, marketing automation, and analytics tools that integrate with hundreds of popular applications and services.

MailChimp’s testing team is continuing to grow and our newest search is for a Test Engineer. You’ll work with our QA, Ops and Development teams as you build and execute test plans for MailChimp’s integrations. With your help our tools, tests and infrastructure will ensure that our users have the best experience possible while using our products.

You are creative, enthusiastic, inquisitive, and able to manage multiple projects and priorities at once. We’re looking for someone who is passionate about all things testing with the experience and skill set to jump right in and make an impact.

Responsibilities
Own design and implementation of automation framework and test organization with QA.
Design and run automated functional tests for the frontend and backend of our web platform and integrations.
Collaborate with our QA, Development, and Ops teams to define test architecture and implement testing as a part of continuous integration.
Diagnose and report issues based on test failures.
Work independently and communicate with the various teams involved with release process and testing with an emphasis on our integrations teams.
Requirements
3+ years professional experience in test development in web based automation roles
Experience with integration and regression testing frameworks.
A demonstrable ability to write code in any language. C, C++, Java, Python, Ruby, PHP, whatever.
Experience with testing frameworks like PHPUnit, JUnit, or Cucumber.
Familiarity with the Page Object model design pattern.

MailChimp is a founder-owned, highly profitable, and private company located in the heart of Atlanta. We offer our 500+ employees an exceptional workplace, extremely competitive compensation, fully paid benefits (for employees and their families), and generous profit sharing. We hire humble, collaborative, and determined people, and give them endless opportunities to grow and succeed.

We love our hometown and support sustainable urban renewal. Our office is in the historic Ponce City Market, right on the Atlanta Beltline. If you’d like to be considered for this position, please apply below. We look forward to meeting you!

MailChimp is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We don’t discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."	2035	Washington
Software Quality Assurance Engineer	Amazon.com Services LLC	Washington, DC	None	"Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's in CS or related field + 5 years of experience or Master's and 2 years of experience in software quality assurance
Knowledge of scripting languages such as SQL, Perl, Python, XML or Ruby
Ability to write code in C, C++ or Java
Familiarity with automation testing tools such as Selenium, QTP, Load Runner or Win Runner
Excellent QA aptitude and ability to drive process improvements
Strong knowledge of QA methodology and tools
Ability to write test plans and test strategy documents
Ability to understand functional/technical specifications and analyze data
Strong organizational and problem solving skills with great attention to detail, including the ability to track multiple test executions simultaneously and synthesize the results

Jeff Bezos, 2016 Annual Letter to Shareholders: ‘India is another example of how we globalize an offering like Marketplace through customer obsession and a passion for invention… We’re also globalizing Fulfillment, adapting the service to local customer needs. In India, we launched a program called Easy Ship to ease shipping (of products brought on Amazon) for sellers.’
Jeff Wilke, Oct, 2017 to BS India: 'All the inventions happening here will find their way to other countries. There are things we invented in India that we are deploying elsewhere, examples being Seller Flex and Easy Ship. These are the ideas we have transferred to other geographies.'
Would you like to experience what it would have felt like to join Amazon in 1995?
Do you want to join a team with experience launching Amazon marketplaces in new countries such as North America and Brazil? The Amazon India team launched the businesses from the ground up and is making our products work for our customers in this new region. We think big and develop platform solutions that can be extended to other marketplaces and new businesses.
The Easy Ship team located in Seattle is looking for a QAE to drive product quality and services that solve unique customer needs for India first and then to scale these quality methodology globally to other Marketplaces. Our engineers own the complete consumer and seller experience for Amazon India, work on a wide range of technologies (including AWS and EC2) and build and operate highly scalable, low latency products and services.
If you are looking for an opportunity to work on innovative products that positively impact hundreds of millions of international customers, and relish large ownership and diverse technologies, join our team today! You will be instrumental in shaping the product direction and ensuring quality of key product features that impact the business. You will be responsible to set up and hold a high software quality bar besides dreaming up the next needle moving innovation.
Product/Team
You will be part of a key Delivery Experience initiative – “Easyship” which enables 3P sellers to ship products with Amazon. Amazon Easy Ship program caters to merchant fulfillment network sellers in India with the goal of making it easy for sellers to ship products bought on Amazon website. Orders are picked up from the seller’s location by an Amazon Logistics associate and delivered to the buyers’ location with minimal effort from sellers. Customers get faster and predictable delivery along with tracking information. We own the platform that drive the above experience across desktop, mobile and APIs (for large sellers).
You can read more about the product here - https://services.amazon.in/services/sell-on-amazon/amazon-easyship.html

Responsibilities
At a strategic level, our QA team will help drive the software development process towards quality-centric methodologies. The QA team will also drive efficiencies in the QA process and invest appropriately in process changes, automation, tools etc to reduce the overall QA effort for the product. The goal of our QA team is to build a comprehensive test suite that will be utilized to validate the solution in a scalable and repeatable manner. The QA team identifies use cases and creates test plans, defines test strategies and creates test cases to validate software design via manual and automated tests.

The QAE is responsible for conducting functional regression testing, integration testing and automation, and identify scaling and security issues for distributed, service oriented software systems using Java/ C++/C#, SQL, Perl, Python, JavaScript, as well as user-level automation using tools such as Selenium. Find opportunities for improvements in systems, tools and processes, as well as drive these improvements across the development groups. Work closely with the development groups that enhance and maintain the applications that make up the product and the underlying services that drive them. Write automated tests with Scripting tools and/or user-level automated tools. Responsible for understanding the domain and the product in detail and coming up with the test strategy/planning, developing test cases, driving the test case sign-off processes with the stakeholders, and test execution and reporting.

Preferred Qualifications

Experience in testing systems built on three tier architecture and web technologies
Experience in using APIs and Web Services for testing service oriented architecture

"	2035	Washington
Test Engineer, Senior	Booz Allen Hamilton	Herndon, VA	None	"Key Role:
Participates in the quality assurance process and follows up to ensure that all information system products and services meet company standards and end-user requirements. Applies advanced consulting skills or extensive technical expertise. Develops innovative solutions to complex problems. Works without considerable direction. Mentors and may supervise team members. Leverages expertise in identifying and preventing defects in products and services on a continuous basis and work with software engineers, system engineers, and DevOps engineers in the correction of any defects found. Avoids problems when delivering solutions to customers. Works with automation tools and techniques to achieve objectives. This position is open to remote delivery from any location in the U.S., to include the District of Columbia
Basic Qualifications:
2+ years of experience with automated testing strategies
1+ years of experience with API testing
Experience with leading QA efforts for a system
Experience with working in an Agile software development environment
Knowledge of performance testing
Ability to create test plans and cases from requirements
Ability to test cross-browser, cross-platform, or cross-device compatibility
Ability to obtain a security clearance
BA or BS degree
Additional Qualifications:
Experience working with Low Code No Code system
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change."	2035	Washington
Automated Test Engineer	Noblis	Chantilly, VA	None	"Responsibilities:

Are you a test engineer that focuses on quality and understands the importance of delivering defect-free web applications? Are you someone that takes pride in finding defects in applications? Do you have a knack for building automation into your testing process to streamline the test cycle? Are you someone who embraces and encourages agile software development?
Client Engagement: · Support and lead evolving business development efforts by applying technical and functional expertise to develop business solutions. · Lead proposal sections for small or limited competition proposals and actively participate in teaming strategy discussions Qualifications:

Requirements:
Bachelors’ degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, or related discipline, or six years of relevant work experience may substitute for a degree
Understand various test methodologies
Experience in automated testing to include the design, development and debugging of the test
Have good verbal and written communication skills
Ability to formulate and articulate an approach to solve problems
Ability to work independently; is a self-starter
TS/SCI w/poly required
Desired Qualifications:
Experience working in an agile environmet
Understanding of the software development lifecycle
Experience testing interfaces with other systems
Some software development experience - e.g., scripting, coding
Experience with Katalon or Selenium
Demonstrated ability handling multiple tasks and responsibilities at the same time
Ability to provide leadership on assigned projects, Self-motivated
Demonstrate ownership and accountability
Ability to provide testing best practices to other team members
Overview:

Noblis and our wholly owned subsidiary, Noblis ESI, tackle the nation's toughest problems and apply advanced solutions to our clients' most critical missions. We bring the best of scientific thought, management and engineering expertise together in an environment of independence and objectivity to deliver enduring impact on federal missions. Noblis works with a wide range of government clients in the defense, intelligence and federal civil sectors. Learn more at Noblis -About Us
Why work at a Noblis company?
Our employees find greater meaning in their work and balance the other things in life that matter to them. Our people are our greatest asset. They are exceptionally skilled, knowledgeable, team-oriented, and mission-driven individuals who want to do work that matters and benefits the public. Noblis has won numerous workplace awards. Noblis maintains a drug-free workplace.
Noblis is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race (as well as because of or on the basis of traits historically associated with race, including hair texture, hair type, and protective hairstyles such as braids, locks, and twists), color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions, genetic factors, military/veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law."	2035	Washington
Support Engineer	Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc.	Arlington, VA	None	"
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Systems Engineering, or related field or relevant work experience.
3+ years of experience in Systems and Network Administration, DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering.
3+ years of experience with focus in areas such as systems, network, and/or application security.
3+ years of experience with web protocols and Linux/Unix tools .

Are you interested in building the next generation, cloud-based commerce system for AWS that’s used by millions of customers worldwide? Are you excited by the idea of building systems that operate at Petabyte scale? Do you want to make an impact at a $10-billion-a-year business? Then we need to talk!

Computing AWS bills, at its core, is a challenging, distributed systems problem that requires calculations performed over trillions of usage records, millions of accounts, and hundreds of thousands of different rates. Furthermore, our applications must meet strict requirements for accuracy and once-and-only-once processing. This role is an excellent opportunity to join Amazon's world class technical team in Seattle, WA or New York, NY working with some of the best and brightest engineers and technical managers while also developing your skills and furthering your career within one of the most innovative and progressive technology companies anywhere.

Our Support Engineers focus on:

Investigating new ways to improve operations
Drive prioritization of operational issues and automate solutions to recurring issues.
Validate system changes including running manual and automated end-to-end test cases
Investigating system variances about to affect major services worldwide
Diving deep into service interdependencies and region specific configurations to find the root of a problem about to affect an entire nation

You'll be part of a world-class team in a fast-paced environment that has the entrepreneurial feel of a start-up. This is an opportunity to test, operate, and engineer systems on a massive scale, and to gain top-notch experience in cloud computing. You'll be surrounded by people who are passionate about cloud technology and believe that world class service is critical to customer success.

You must be detail oriented, have superior verbal and written communication skills, strong organizational skills, able to juggle multiple tasks at once, able to work independently and can maintain professionalism under pressure. You must be able to identify problems before they happen and implement solutions that detect and prevent outages and customer issues. You must be able to accurately prioritize projects, make sound judgments, work to improve the customer experience, and get the right things done.

This role will sit in our new headquarters in Northern Virginia, where Amazon will invest $2.5 billion dollars, occupy 4 million square feet of energy efficient office space, and create at least 25,000 new full-time jobs. Our employees and the neighboring community will also benefit from the associated investments from the Commonwealth including infrastructure updates, public transportation improvements, and new access to Reagan National Airport.

By working together on behalf of our customers, we are building the future one innovative product, service, and idea at a time. Are you ready to embrace the challenge? Come build the future with us.


Experience supporting a 24x7 Internet-oriented production environment
Experience with large scale distributed systems
Experience and interest for software development tools and development process automation
Experience using AWS technologies
Demonstrable expertise around specifying and utilizing system health, performance monitoring tools, and software management tools for 24x7 environments
Familiar with the challenges surrounding efficient operations and failure mode analysis in large complex systems
Excellence in technical communications with both technical and non-technical peers
Strong sense of ownership and drive

Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

We are dedicated to supporting our new team members. Our team has a broad mix of experience levels and Amazon tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship.

Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.

For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us."	2035	Washington
QA TESTER (AUTOMATION EXPERT)	Optimuss	Washington, DC	None	"Location: DC, Metro Area
Duration: 6 Months + contract (possible extension)
Description
Overall Exp: 4+ years
Primary Skill: Selenium with Java
At least 3 years experience in Test Automation
Custom Selenium framework experience
At least 2 year experience in hands-on scripting automation experience using Selenium with Java as programming Language
Good knowledge on Java Programming with 2 years of programming experience
Automate Web automation to run on multiple browsers and develop / design the automation framework. Work with development to understand the design and raise any automation roadblocks
The Software Quality Assurance (SQA) Senior Engineer designs and executes software test plans in order to identify software problems and their causes prior to release
Designs test plans, scenarios, scripts, or procedures from complex business requirements and specifications
Tests system modifications to prepare for implementation
Develops or specifies standards, methods, or procedures to determine product quality / release readiness
Develops testing programs that address areas such as database impacts, software scenarios, regression testing, negative testing, error or bug retests, or usability
Documents software defects, using a bug tracking system, and reports defects to software developers
Plans test schedules or strategies in accordance with project scope and delivery dates"	2035	Washington
Senior Test Engineer I	Epsilon Systems Inc	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Epsilon C5I (http://epsilonsystems.com/c5i) is seeking a Test Engineer with at least 6 years of experience for work in Springfield, VA. In this role, you will be part of a team providing development, integration, and sustainment of Geospatial Intelligence data management services in the Cloud, across multiple security enclaves. Our engineers will develop and integrate new services to manage and disseminate mission data to authorized users. These modernized services will allow the government to retire the legacy library systems and provide new functionality that addresses enduring and emerging missions. If you have a passion for excellence in engineering and enjoy working on challenging projects in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment – read on!
Duties and Responsibilities:
Responsible for software verification and validation, including test planning, development, execution, analysis and associated documentation.
Coordinates testing activities for various projects.
Supports bug reporting and tracking and software test processes.
Assists in the development of the test strategy in order to meet the release schedule.
Adheres to established testing procedures.
Works under general supervision.
Responsible for defining test strategies, plans, procedures and reports.
Responsible for writing tests, executing those tests, and reporting the results.
Initiates and analyzes problem reports and change proposals.
Ensures that hardware/software under test implements the functionality specified in all approved requirement documents and that it performs as expected from the customers perspective.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science; Information Science; Engineering, or related scientific or technical Discipline
At least six (6+) years of experience in professional software testing
Active TS/SCI clearance required and ability to obtain CI Poly
Experience with both Automation and Manual testing
Experience with Automation Testing Tools, i.e. GitLab, Git Lab Runner, Jenkins, Selenium
Must have knowledge of Government security policies and familiarity with security-related technologies and auditing tools.
Assesses system and software level requirement specifications, software design, interface design, test, and other development related documentation as needed.
Assists with implementation of the enhancements, including documentation, instruction and hands-on-training of others.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Self-managed, strong self-organization skills, and eager to contribute
Keen attention to detail and analytical mindset
Strong interpersonal skills, telephone etiquette, and professional demeanor.
Flexible and able to work in a dynamic, team-oriented environment.
Familiar with Microsoft Office application (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, Visio).
Pursuant to the various government contractual requirements, all applicants must be U.S. Citizens.

ADA Notations:
Able to handle prolonged sitting and use of computer.
Office environment.

Epsilon C5I and its subsidiaries are proud to be Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employers, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veterans."	2035	Washington
Software Development Engineer	Amazon.com Services LLC	Arlington, VA	None	"
Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related technical discipline or industry experience
1+ year of experience in Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis.
1+ year of programming experience with at least one modern programming language such as C++, Java, C#, or Python.

The Amazon Devices team develops the newest components into the operating systems and cloud services that power Amazon devices. We're in search of a software engineer to help us create rich, new environments leveraging the latest advancements in AWS to build new services for a new consumer device. The experiences we build drive step changes in our homes and businesses. Our forays into this bold new world are just beginning. Amazon is making bold moves in the smart home arena and making improvements for customers every day.

A day in the life
Software Quality Assurance Engineer this team works in an Agile/Scrum environment to deliver on-time, high-quality software. He/she works to develop processes and mechanisms to deliver best in class software products. He/she works on key Quality metrics such as bug reviews, regression, code coverage to drive improvements in software quality. The QAE in this team develops test plans and test cases. In addition, he/she participates in design reviews, code review and release processes. QAE in this team develops test automation using at least one of OO languages - Java, C#/C++, Python or web-based technologies.

About the hiring group
We own the testing and quality of ACS (Amazon Common Software: https://developer.amazon.com/acs-devices) vision is to make it seamless for Amazon services to reach end customers by enabling 1P & 3P device makers to build and launch devices at scale. Most advanced products need cutting-edge testing to ensure the quality. This is the mission of every QA engineer in our team. We not only test the products; we treat the testing tasks as same as design and the invention of a system. We use cutting-edge technologies and methodologies to ensure the most efficient and most comprehensive testing. We introduced various systems and software to the testing process to allow for faster and increased bug exploration. In short, invention and innovation are the essence of the testing goal in our team.

Job responsibilities
The Amazon Devices team develops the newest components into the operating systems and cloud services that power Amazon devices. We're in search of a software engineer to help us create rich, new environments leveraging the latest advancements in AWS to build new services for a new consumer device. The experiences we build drive step changes in our homes and businesses. Our forays into this bold new world are just beginning. Amazon is making bold moves in the smart home arena and making improvements for customers every day.

Do you like working on the full stack between the cloud and devices? Does working on vanguard technology appeal to you? Are there AWS solutions targeted toward the smart home you want to bring into fruition? Do you derive enjoyment from taking ambiguous problems and forging a path toward a solution? These are the challenges we take on.

To be successful you need to be flexible and entrepreneurial, comfortable operating with ambiguity and willing to develop quick proof of concepts. You are a passionate owner about customer and societal impact. You will drive the technology forward and operate at all levels, diving deep into the details and provide key input into the product.

Software Engineers at Amazon do so much more than just software development. We'll be looking at you to help:

Choose the technologies to leverage.
Decide what features to build.
Drive software engineering best practice.
Design distributed and scalable systems.
Test and document the software you develop.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.


Familiarity with developing web services and applications with any of the AWS SDKs or programming against APIs
Understanding of web services technologies such as HTTP and REST
Experience in Go
Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers
Experience operating online services
A desire to contribute to an environment where everyone wants to work hard, have fun, and to make history
Experience with algorithmic complexity analysis

keyword: deviceos"	2035	Washington
Software Test Engineer	ValidaTek	McLean, VA 22102	None	ValidaTek, Inc. is an award-winning Small Business that provides high-security mission-critical IT services to the Federal Government. Our commitment to excellence in service delivery has resulted in dramatic growth and an expanding client base that includes several U.S. Federal Departments. The corporate infrastructure is robust and based on industry best practices as evidenced by our DCAA Approved accounting system, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 20000-1:2011, and ISO 27001:2013 certifications, and CMMI Level 5 for Services (CMMI-SVC Level 5) and CMMI Level 5 for Development (CMMI-DEV Level 5) appraisals. We pride ourselves in being the best and only attracting and retaining the best talent to fuel our rapid growth. We promote a strong employee-focused corporate culture that provides a diverse, prosperous and rewarding place to work. We provide our employees with competitive benefits, educational assistance, and career growth opportunities. Every employee is valued for their contributions and we all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company.Position Description:Implements automated tests for all custom software; integrates automated tests into CI/CD pipeline; works with developers to resolve bugs and track defects.Works closely with other engineering functions through requirements, design, and development to develop and implement procedures for software testingAssists in designing tests processes and procedures used to ensure that software operates within defined requirementsExecutes test plans, automation, and validation strategiesIdentifies and investigates issues found during testing to resolve defectsDevelops and maintains automated test scripts to reduce repetitive manual testingWrites unit, integration, and end-to-end testsReview and analyze system specificationsCollaborate with QA Engineers to develop effective strategies and test plansExecute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze resultsEvaluate product code according to specificationsCreate reports to document testing phases and defectsReport bugs and errors to development teamsHelp troubleshoot issuesConduct post-release/ post-implementation testingWork with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycleInteracting with stakeholders to understand product requirementsParticipating in design reviews and sprint ceremonies, providing input on requirements, product design, and potential problemsPosition Requirements/Qualifications:Education and CertificationsBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experienceKnowledge and ExperienceMinimum 3 years experience as a Quality Assurance Tester or similar roleUp-to-date knowledge of software test design and testing methodologiesWorking knowledge in one or more programming languages (e.g. Java, JavaScript, Python)Working knowledge of software testing tools (e.g. JUnit, Jest, Cypress, Cucumber, Selenium)Working knowledge of databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL) and SQLWorking knowledge of CI/CD pipelines (e.g. Jenkins, Travis, GitHub Actions)Working knowledge of source control systems (e.g. git, SVN, Mercurial)Good organizational skills and detail-oriented mindsetExcellent communication and critical thinking skillsFamiliarity with Agile methodologies and processes (e.g. Scrum)CompTIA Security+ certification required within six months of start dateClearable to the Secret levelDesired ExperienceExperience developing end-to-end and UI tests with Cypress is desiredExperience developing unit and integration tests with JUnit and Jest is desiredLoad testing experience with JMeter, LoadRunner or otherExperience with development for virtual/cloud-based environments is desiredExperience with DevSecOps principles is a plusDoD software development experience is a plusSoftware modernization experience is a plusApplicants who are selected for employment will be required to verify authorization to work in the United States.ValidaTek is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceFlexible scheduleHealth insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus payEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:Test automation: 3 years (Preferred)Security Clearance:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationWork Remotely:Yes	2035	Washington
Systems Engineer	Aptive	Falls Church, VA	None	"Aptive is seeking a Systems Engineer with demonstrated experience providing support and technical advice during conceptualization, development, and implementation phases to transform requirements to working solutions. This includes involvement with users to define system scope and objectives, as well as writing and executing test cases.
This mid-level, full-time position is in Falls Church, VA. Please note: the position is fully telework until COVID-19 social distancing restrictions are lifted.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field from an accredited college or university.
Professional experience in a DevSecOps, Software Development, preferably working with large scale distributed systems built on a paradigm of containers and microservices.
Experience managing mission-critical systems deployed to Government cloud environments (AWS, Azure).
Experience implemented systems with complex networking and security requirements.
Experience with designing software and infrastructure at scale.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Comfortable maintaining/debugging live production systems.
Ability to work in an agile organization.
Experience with hardware and systems automation.
Ten years' experience, of which at least nine years must be specialized.
Ability to work onsite in Falls Church, VA.
Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret clearance.
Legal authorization to work in the U.S.
JOB DUTIES.
Assists the Government in the capture and translation of mission and customer requirements/needs into systems/capability requirements and solutions.
Conduct planning, analysis/traceability of user requirements, architectures traceability, procedures, and problems to automate or improve existing systems and review cloud service capabilities, workflow, and scheduling limitations.
Design and implement automation and reliability features such as Service Level Indicators, Service Level Objectives.
Design and develop new apps, tools and smart alerts that help discover failures/issues in a timely fashion.
Perform system reviews, evaluate implementations, and provide feedback about potential improvements.
Define and evangelize system reliability best practices to improve reliability, security and performance.
Gather and analyze data and develop based on architectural and development standards.
Participates in domain technical and business discussions relative to future architecture direction aligning with business goals.
Self-initiated individual who consistently delivers high quality results with limited guidance and willingness to learn new technologies and language stacks in a fast-changing ecosystem.
DESIRED SKILLS.
Strategic thinker with a drive to get all types of work done and a high attention to detail.
Highly self-motivated and passionate about continuous learning.
Hands-on coding experience to automate processes (IaC, shell scripting)
Has strong communication skills, and a motivation to work in a matrixed and agile team structure to achieve results in a fast-paced environment.
Hands-on experience working with a highly available and scalable production environment preferred.
Hands-on coding experience to write automated testing preferred.
Experience with Cloud Services (AWS, Azure, GCP), platform as a service; micro-services architecture and architecture models is preferred.
Cloud patterns including PaaS and IaaS, containers, microservices/API-driven and event-driven application design a plus.
ABOUT APTIVE.
Aptive is a modern federal consulting firm focused on human experience, digital services and business transformation. Our employees receive competitive compensation, along with company-paid health care and short-term disability plans. We also offer a 401K plan with company match, paid time off, flexible savings accounts, commuter benefits and company-sponsored professional education opportunities.

Our work inspires people, fuels change and makes an impact. Join our team to be part of positive change in your community and our nation.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.
Aptive is an equal opportunity employer. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, parental status, veteran status, age, disability or any other protected class.
Veterans, members of the Reserve and National Guard, and transitioning active-duty service members are highly encouraged to apply."	2035	Washington
Quality Assurance (QA) Test Engineer	Tiber Creek	Fairfax, VA 22033	None	"Tiber Creek Consulting is seeking a Quality Assurance (QA) Test Engineer to join our team in Fairfax, VA. You will have a key role within our software development teams, testing as well as monitoring contract daily operations and adherence to defined quality assurance processes using the CMMI Model Framework, and integrating cost, schedule, productivity, quality, customer satisfaction and return on investment to ensure that Tiber Creek provides the best possible product. You will support the execution of the project plan in conjunction with the Program Manager (PM) and monitor verification activities; requirements, analysis, design, and documentation activities; manual and automated testing; release management; audits and reviews; validation activities, and customer help ticket resolution with Help Desk staff.
You will ensure unified focus on producing the results that our customers expect; coordinate efforts across functional, technical, and data teams; and monitor / report progress on change management and software maintenance activities. You must be detail oriented and have a solid understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).

Apply To: https://tibercreek.com/careers/apply/

Education: Post-Secondary Degree, or equivalent years of experience

Experience: 3+ years of QA / Test Engineer experience

Clearance: Be clearable or have an active DOD Secret clearance.

Related Experience Should Include:
Performing QA/Test Engineer duties with a solid understanding of the software development lifecycle (SDLC) and defect lifecycle.
Solid understanding of process for eliciting, analyzing, and verifying requirements in an Agile development environment.
Experience with Agile development in a Microsoft software engineering environment, testing products developed using C#, .NET, and a SQL Server backend.
Experience developing software tests for functional, performance, and regression testing that include automated, ad-hoc, and manual testing elements.
Use of automated testing tools such as Microsoft Test Manager (MTM), Coded UI, Selenium.
Good understanding of Black box, functional, integration, system, and regression testing on new and existing functionality (designing and developing regression test cases/test scenarios). Managing and directing system test activities, creating test cases, test scenarios, requirement traceability matrix.
Testing for accessibility in accordance with Section 508 standards (Usability and Compliance).
Working on CMMI for DEV ML3 or higher appraised projects, and audit experience in ISO 9001:2008 or 2015 standards, monitoring supporting artifact repository, and participating in audits.
Expertise developing and adhering to process and procedures, participating in process improvement, status reporting, and facilitating team collaboration.
Creating standard operating procedures and metrics based on best practices for a QA team.

Job Duties:
Partner with Agile Release Team to plan for new functionality, resolve defects, and incorporate error injection test methodologies and provide input into improving the Automation test framework for the organization.
Develop and execute testing tasks and plans that meet time lines and release requirements.
Develop and execute test scripts and test cases; test plans, test reports, root-cause analysis, and security certification compliance testing.
Performance testing, regression testing, high availability testing, end user testing.
Verification of system capabilities and system enhancements or changes.
System and software level integration troubleshooting.
Support requirements traceability, requirements verification, defect tracking, documentation, and communication.
Assist the PM in delivering the highest quality product possible. Hold and document reviews with contract leadership, team members, clients and other stakeholders, monitoring and tracking the contract and work products against the plan.
Support process or product implementation and identify areas for improvement as well as product and project risks and issues; identify mitigations as needed.
Interface with team and customers to refine requirements, user stories, and to better define and describe product features.
Ensure configuration and release management of testing data, documentation, and environments.
Participate in requirement, test case, and test plan peer reviews and maintain and improve product quality by completing product, and process audits.
Monitor adherence to quality management system and perform quality inspections; audit internal and external projects to ensure testing is occurring and is compliant with process and procedures, and meets CMMI and ISO compliance standards.
Ensure Process and Procedure documentation is maintained.

Physical Demands and Work Environment:
Usual office working conditions and standard office equipment.
Required to sit for long periods of time using a personal computer.
Some light physical effort required.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.

Minimum Qualifiers:
Candidates must have current DoD Secret clearance, Public Trust, or ability to obtain (application completion requires verifiable information regarding your U.S. citizenship, residence, education, employment history, family, associates, and foreign connections/travel as well as questions regarding criminal records, illegal drug involvement, financial delinquencies, certain types of mental health treatment, alcohol-related incidents and counseling, military service, prior clearances and investigations, civil court actions, misuse of computer systems, and subversive activities).
Unable to work with 3rd party candidates or agencies.
Only local residents to the Northern VA, DC, MD area will be considered."	2035	Washington
Remote Test Automation Engineer	Veterans Enterprise Technology Solutions	Washington, DC 20001 (Shaw area)	None	"Overview:

Staffing Pros, a division of VETS Inc., is recruiting for a full-time Test Automation Engineer. This is a remote position; however, the candidate must be able and willing to travel to the DC Metro area up to six times per year. Ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust is required
If you have additional questions not answered by the information contained within this posting, please contact our team directly at StaffingPros@vets-inc.com.
Qualifications:
Ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust is required
Bachelor's Degree in computer science, electronics engineering or other engineering or technical discipline is required (8 years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education)
2+ years of test case automation
Must have experience in the coordination and execution of test events in accordance with approved test plans, procedures and scripts
Must have knowledge and skills to ensure that test environments are set up accurately
Must be able to create test reports
Must be able to test IT hardware, software, systems and networks
Required Skillset:
Selenium

Java or Ruby or Javascript coding languages(Java is ideal)

Database testing

508 testing

REST API testing

JIRA

Mobile app testing

Katalon or other codeless automation tools

Salesforce
EEO Statement: Staffing Pros a division of VETS-inc is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information."	2035	Washington
Test Automation / Scripting Engineer	Grimm	Annapolis Junction, MD	None	"Thank you for considering GRIMM...

We’re searching for Test Automation / Scripting to support the client’s tactical and strategic approaches for mission and ways forward.

PREFERRED SKILLS
Java
NiFi
Databases experience such as Impala, MongoDB, MySQL, Postgres, etc...
Nice to have some cloud experience (HADOOP, Pig, Map Reduce, STORM, etc…)
REST Experience
React / Angular

SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS
Minimum 5 years experience
Must be a US Citizen with TS/SCI Full Scope Polygraph Clearance

LOCATION
In Annapolis Junction, Maryland area
GRIMM researches and develops the art of the possible in business modernization and computing technologies through cybersecurity, sensors, tools, analytics, frameworks, modeling and simulation, automated testing, cyber range Installation, Operations and Maintenance (IOM), consulting, and intelligence. Our practices build on extensive experience in cyber mission support for national defense, and commercial service improvement and consulting. Our engineers and subject matter experts (SMEs) learned their trade from real-world engagements, not just textbooks.

We promote a Drug-Free Workplace, are an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and Affirmative Action Employer."	2035	Washington
Test Engineer	teKnoluxion Consulting, LLC	Springfield, VA 22150	None	"Overview:

Location: Springfield, VA/St. Louis, MO
Security Clearance: TS-SCI
teKnoluxion provides the Defense and Intelligence Communities technical experts in the fields of Software & Systems Engineering, Enterprise Operations, and Cloud Services Management & Consulting. Our goal is not to simply support efforts, but to ignite a technology revolution, bridging the growing technology gap between the Government and commercial space.
Are you ready to test your abilities as a Test Engineer in a sophisticated enterprise exploitation environment? Would you like to make an immediate and direct impact in your job? Come work with us developing applications and systems for the NGA. *Contingent upon award*
Responsibilities:

What you get to do every day:
Responsible for software verification and validation, including test planning, development, execution, analysis and associated documentation
Coordinates testing activities for various projects
Supports bug reporting and tracking and software test processes
Assists in the development of the test strategy in order to meet the release schedule
Adheres to established testing procedures
Works under general supervision
Responsible for defining test strategies, plans, procedures, and reports
Responsible for writing tests, executing those tests, and reporting the results
Initiates and analyzes problem reports and change proposals
Ensures that hardware/software under test implements the functionality specified in all approved requirement documents and that it performs as expected from the customers perspective
Qualifications:

What skills do you need?
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Science, Engineering or related scientific or technical discipline
5+ years of directly related experience in systems engineering
Experience with both Automation and Manual testing
Experience with Automation Testing Tools, i.e. GitLab, Git Lab Runner, Jenkins, Selenium
Must have knowledge of Government security policies and familiarity with security-related technologies and auditing tools.
Assesses system and software level requirement specifications, software design, interface design, test, and other development related documentation as needed.
Assists with implementation of the enhancements, including documentation, instruction and hands-on-training of others.
Active TS/SCI clearance required to start and must be able to obtain a CI Poly
What is ideal?
Experience supporting the Intelligence Community
What you can expect from us:
Recognizing great achievements do not go unnoticed by teKnoluxion through service anniversaries, spot awards, and employee referral bonuses
You’ll join a growing organization of passionate, top-shelf, IT engineering professionals with extensive experience in actively developing the technology revolution in the Intelligence community
Highly competitive benefits package that reflects our objective of employing top industry performers
teKnoluxion is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law."	2035	Washington
Chief Plant Engineer	Reston Hospital Center- Reston	Reston, VA 20190	None	"Description
SHIFT: No Weekends
SCHEDULE: Full-time

Healthcare Corporation of America (HCA) is a community of 94,000 Registered Nurses and 38,000 active physicians. We have over 1,900 facilities ranging from hospitals, freestanding ER’s, ambulatory surgery centers, and urgent care clinics. Our facility based staff continues to raise the bar in patient care. Ten HCA hospitals have been named in IBM Watson Health’s top 100 best-performing hospitals based on patient satisfaction and operational data.

Located in the outskirts of Washington, D.C, Reston Hospital Center, a 199-bed acute facility, lies within the vibrant Town Center of Reston, known for its lively mix of restaurants, shops, and services. Reston Hospital Center is an HCA (Hospital Corporation of America) facility making it a very secure and reputable facility to work with. HCA is one of the largest healthcare systems throughout the U.S, where healthcare employment opportunities are almost endless!


Reston Hospital Center holds certifications within our stroke and total joint center and is accredited in the chest pain center. Most importantly, Reston Hospital Center is dedicated to enhancing the health and quality of life in our community by putting patients first.


Our patients are our priority, but so are you!

Not only do our patients come first, but our employees do too! We provide a total compensation package to make sure your needs are met. Choose the medical coverage package that best suits you. Look after your loved ones while still getting paid with our Paid Family Leave. Plan for your future with our matching 401k or opt-in for several other benefits including tuition assistance, family and medical flex spending accounts, life insurance, dental and identity theft protection.


HCA is dedicated to the growth and development of our colleagues. We will provide you the tools and resources you need to succeed in our organization. We are currently looking for an ambitious candidate to help us reach our goals. Unlock your potential here!


Job Duties:

1. Assists in providing quality plant operation services to hospital patients, staff and visitors. Also provides quality job performance.

2. Manages all contractors and vendors throughout any projects from design to construction including requesting and reviewing change orders and submitting recommendations for administrator approval.
3. Oversees construction documentation, timelines, and quality of work.
4. Direct oversight for meeting all regulatory, infection prevention, and life safety requirements and ensuring project is survey-ready throughout life of project. This includes but is not limited to regulations set by Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, The Joint Commission, Virginia State Department of Public Health and Environment, and local fire agencies.
5. Assists in the direction and management of plant operations, grounds and security within policy and guidelines established by the department.
6. Communication: Notifies all Department managers of any planned shut down of major equipment that may affect the quality of patient care. Notifies immediate supervisor of any potential threats, hazards, unusual occurrences or potential liability to the hospital.
7. Demonstrates effective delegation skills; follows up and ensures completion of work delegated.
8. Provides technical assistance to maintenance personnel and other personnel in the facility. Keeps current on issues, practices and new trends in hospital field and professional area.
9. Demonstrates a sound working knowledge of all areas of the facility, its equipment and systems by being able to identify system components and their functions, parameters of operation as measured by thermometers, gauges, indicators and test instruments, as well as identify major shut off and switching locations. Operates, tests, and inspects hospitals utilities and major components.
10. Assists Director in reviewing and revising departmental procedures to ensure the best methods available are being utilized. Assists in updating plans, schematics and shop drawings to ensure accuracy.
11. Performs departmental procedures as necessary to maintain acceptable level of departmental service and performance.
12. Assists the Director in collecting and organizing a complete equipment inventory. Develops and Maintains adequate inventory levels of parts and supplies. Assist in maintaining the supply rooms for the department, ensuring they are organized properly.
13. Schedules, monitors and documents preventive maintenance inspections at intervals recommended by manufacturers of equipment or regulatory agencies to provide the best overall efficiency, quality and performance.
14. Assists in passing all inspections by OSHA, JCAHO, AHCA, and other outside agencies and testing companies.
15. Assists in the processes of employment, orientation and evaluation of personnel as needed.
16. Assists other mechanics and craftsmen as necessary working all shifts and alternate schedules as needed.
17. Participates in the weekly work order/PM auditing process.

Qualifications
Experience: Ten - Fifteen (10-15) years related experience, training, or equivalent combination of education and experience in a hospital buliding maintenance and construction management role preferred. HVAC and Building Automation System experience highly preferred. Strong oral and written communication skills required.
Licensure: Boiler, HVAC, Refrigeration, Master Electrician, or applicable license/certifications preferred.
Notice
Our Company’s recruiters are here to help unlock the next possibility within your career and we take your candidate experience very seriously. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Gmail or Yahoo Mail. If you feel suspicious of a job posting or job-related email, let us know by clicking here.

For questions about your job application or this site please contact HCAhrAnswers at 1-844-422-5627 option 1."	2035	Washington
Entry-Level Technical Business Analyst	NTT DATA Services	McLean, VA	None	"Req ID: 132234
NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.
We are currently seeking a Entry-Level Technical Business Analyst to join our team in McLean, Virginia (US-VA), United States (US).
Job Description:
At NTT DATA Services, the largest division of NTT DATA Corp, we offer a comprehensive portfolio of industry-centric digital business and technology solutions. Headquartered in Plano, Texas, our team of over 50,000 professionals deliver a blend of deep industry experience, business insight and technology expertise powered by AI, automation, and cloud.
We are growing and looking for new talent to join our Public Sector organization where we serve clients in state and federal agencies across the country. Applicants must have a Bachelor’s degree (graduating before August 2021) in Business, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology, Software Engineering or related field and an interest in learning cutting edge technologies. We are seeking candidates who are flexible to travel or relocate to various geographic locations in the United States to meet our business and client needs post training completion.
This is a full-time salaried position, and we offer a comprehensive benefits package that begins on your first day of employment. Selected candidates will participate in an intensive training and development program before alignment with a variety of projects/client engagements.
Responsibilities may include:Working with other System Engineers and Software Developers to perform Integration activitiesSpecification developmentTest plan development and executionRequirements gathering and documentationFacilitating interactions with customers and teammates through meetings, calls and other electronic mediaWorking with technical teams
Basic Qualifications:
Minimum overall GPA of 3.00Graduation date by August 2021 with a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Software Engineering, Mathematics, Business or related field.Must be a US Citizen or Green Card HolderWillingness to travel to various locations throughout the U.S.
Additional Desired Qualifications:
Recommendations by professors and internship supervisors for technical abilities and grasp of multiple technologiesAbility to stretch outside one’s comfort zone to achieve team successHighly organized and self-motivatedStrong analytic and problem-solving skillsStrong communication and leadership skillsExposure to cloud native platforms such as AWS, Azure and Google CloudStrong desire to learn technologies from an analytical standpointInvolvement and/or leadership experience during college through campus or community activities including student athleticsInternships or other work experience during college tenureKnown as a self-starter, team player and multitasker – one who strives to consistently exceed expectations
#LI-NAM
About NTT DATA Services
NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.
NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran-status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law."	2035	Washington
Functional Test Engineer	Conseqta Technology	Arlington, VA	None	"True Digital Transformation, Engineered for the Future. We partner with government and non-government clients to fundamentally change business performance by rethinking how their organization uses technology, people, and processes. We believe technology has the power to both transform industries and bring unprecedented efficiency and strength to our clients. Our passion and value for service compels us to build faster, better, stronger systems in order to give back and improve the world around us.
RESPONSIBILITIES
A Functional Test Engineer is responsible for creating and maintaining the Conseqta test plan; therefore, the test engineer will develop test automation scripts and processes to automate test cases and scenarios. Additionally, the test engineer will test each requirement gathered from the functional team and report on test results across testing (including regression as well as system integration testing). The test engineer will also manage the process to unit test code within lower environments and communicate internally to Conseqta, and to the client where applicable, for all results and findings.
QUALIFICATIONS3+ years of testing experience in government and/or commercial industries3+ years of experience working with agile methodology with a strong knowledge of hybrid / waterfall methodologies3+ years of experience working with test automation tools (such as Puppeteer, Selenium)Hands-on experience creating and maintaining test plans / test schedules that include tracking unit testing, systems integration testing, user acceptance testing, and test cases / scenariosStrong understanding of SQL Databases OR NoSQL Databases, CICD, Cloud Technologies, RESTful APIs OR Microservices architecture (Nice to have)Excellent written and oral presentation & communication skillsExpert with using Jira and time tracking / project management tools including MS Project and Trello"	2035	Washington
Chief Software Test Engineer (ERP)	ACI Federal™	Crystal City, VA	None	"a. 10+ years as a Software Test Engineer
b. Certified Professional Software Tester (ISTQB, CSTE etc.)
c. 7 years' experience developing detailed test plans
d. 10 years' experience developing test scripts, scenarios, and use cases
e. 5 years' experience testing ERP systems (SAP, Oracle, PeopleSoft etc.)
f. Experience with HP Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) and HP Performance Center (or similar tool for Performance/Load testing)
g. Expert level knowledge in planning, directing and managing interoperability testing (interfaces, data etc.)
h. Expert level knowledge in planning, directing and managing automation testing (functional, regression, performance, load etc.)
i. Active DoD SECRET security clearance with SSBI
Bachelor's Degree (Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, or a related Engineering or IT discipline"	2035	Washington
Test Engineer	North Point Technology	Herndon, VA	None	"***This job requires active TS/SCI clearance. Please apply only if you have an active TS/SCI clearance. ***

North Point Technology is looking for a TS/SCI Cleared Test Engineer to support a critical mission out of Herndon, VA.

North Point Technology is THE BEST place to work for curious-minded engineers motivated to support our country's most crucial missions! We focus on long term projects, leveraging the latest technology in support of innovative solutions to solve our customer's most difficult problems. At North Point Technology, EMPLOYEES come first! We value our employees by providing excellent compensation, benefits, and a flexible work-life balance. We strive for a close-knit and open atmosphere where the owners are always directly available to our team members. Come join us! Apply with North Point Technology today!

Applicants should be self-motivated, fast-paced, curious problem solvers with a BS in Computer Science or related field, plus the following skills/experience:

Test Case Preparation

Requirements Analysis

Analysis of Use Case Feasibility

Technical Writing

Experience working with developers to troubleshoot issues through until resolution

Team player

Excellent Communicator

Preferred:
Experience in the Geo-spatial Intelligence Lifecycle

Test Automation using tools like Selenium/Cucumber/Ranorex

Basic Java or other OO programming experience"	2035	Washington
Automation Engineer/Sr. Automation Engineer - Building Automation Systems	GSK	Rockville, MD	None	"Site Name: USA - Maryland - Rockville
Posted Date: Mar 10 2021
Are you looking for an opportunity to analyze and develop solutions to engineering problems related to manufacturing equipment and systems to determine causes of component failures? If so, this is the role for you.
As Automation Engineer or Sr Automation Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and supporting the building automation systems and utilities for the site. This includes providing control system engineering and project management services for the manufacturing, building and utility equipment to support operations, validation and capital projects.
This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Prioritize all work requests for assigned area and oversee project execution to ensure requirements are met, timelines are met, customer needs are addressed and projects align with GSK goals
Ensure all projects are compliant (cGMP, SOPs, OSHA, NFP, BOCA/IBC, Local and National Codes, etc.) and are executed with good engineering practice
Demonstrate good project management skills (schedule, cost, communications) and coordinate outside and internal resources to execute projects in a timely and cost-effective manner
Ensure a high level of compliance with cGMP and other regulatory requirements such as validation and BLA commitments
Maintain and document all cGMP equipment/system modifications and upgrades through approved change control methods
Provide technical guidance and direction to establish specifications, operational parameters, and procedures for production and policy systems
Specify process control equipment and instrumentation via engineering specifications
Provide technical content and support for the generation of validation protocols; such as, Installation Qualification (IQ), Operational Qualification (OQ) and Performance Qualification (PQ)
Support/Interact with manufacturing/facility/lab/validation/quality groups to troubleshoot, optimize, test, and/or challenge equipment/systems
Communicate concerns and issues of staff, project status, performance and suggestions for improvement to management
Provide 24/7 emergency support to ongoing manufacturing operations
Prepare and participate as needed in investigations and all audits by having a good knowledge of the systems and the facility and assuring all engineers understand their role in audits
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
BS in Engineering, Engineering Technology, or other Technical Degree with 2-5 years of experience
Experience with Siemens building automation systems (Apogee Insight and DesigoCC)
Prior project engineering experience.
Preferred Qualifications:
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Must be able to interact well with peers and personnel in scientific, engineering, and operational disciplines.
Ability to work as a member on cross-functional and self-directed work teams.
Experience and knowledge in Allen-Bradley PLC’s, GE Unicorn, OPC, IP21, SAP, Emerson DeltaV, and Syncade
Programming knowledge.
Commercial manufacturing experience
Working knowledge of biotechnology production and quality systems specifically cell culture processes
Why GSK?
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.
These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).
GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site."	2035	Washington
Systems Test Engineer	ViaSat	Germantown, MD	None	"Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we’re on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We’re the company behind the world’s fastest satellite internet service, with technology that’s helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide.
We’re looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You’ll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world’s first truly global Internet Service Provider. Interested in joining our mission? Take a look at career opportunities at Viasat today.
Job Responsibilities
As a member of Viasat’s fast-paced Test Engineering Team, you will work closely with the product design team to interpret module requirements and turn them into corresponding Production Test Plans and Production Test Equipment requirements. You will also work with the design team during the Design Verification Test phase to help determine what level of testing is required for a production. Once Production Test Requirements are defined, you will participate in the effort to develop and build custom test hardware and test automation software to meet these requirements. Some of the languages used for these test applications are Matlab, LabVIEW, TestStand, and Python. In addition, you will participate in After Market Service approaches, strategy and execution to support these products.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent experience
Proficiency with programming in LabVIEW and/or one or more languages such as Python, C#, or C/C++.
4 years minimum experience writing test software to execute performance testing of a deliverable product.
Ability to understand test requirements and specifications.
Good communication skills
US citizenship required
Up to 10% Travel
Preferences
Experience with RF system test and integration.
Working knowledge of JTAG and Linux.
Capable of creating test documentation and test strategies for systems, subsystems, and component level testing.
Ability to architect, develop and implement test solutions that are deployable, maintainable, and cost-effective
Proficiency with test equipment such as vector network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, signal analyzers, power meters, digital signal generators and noise figure meters.
Working knowledge of programming and controlling test equipment through SCPI commands
Operational knowledge of amplifiers, mixers, oscillators, and transceivers.
Viasat is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, genetics, age, or veteran status or any other applicable legally protected status or characteristic."	2035	Washington
Associate QA - Automation	Publicis Sapient	Arlington, VA 22201 (Radnor-Ft Myer Heights area)	None	"Company Description
Publicis Sapient is a digital transformation partner helping established organizations get to their future, digitally-enabled state, both in the way they work and the way they serve their customers. We help unlock value through a start-up mindset and modern methods, fusing strategy, consulting and customer experience with agile engineering and problem-solving creativity. United by our core values and our purpose of helping people thrive in the brave pursuit of next, our 20,000+ people in 53 offices around the world combine experience across technology, data sciences, consulting and customer obsession to accelerate our clients’ businesses through designing the products and services their customers truly value.

Job Description
We are looking for a talented, self-motivated Quality Assurance Engineer who is comfortable working in a fast-paced environment. This person would be responsible for designing and maintaining test suites and supporting overall application compliance, as well as writing and executing manual test cases as needed for areas of the application that cannot be automated. This individual will be responsible for planning, managing, maintaining, coordinating and executing the test suites and scripts for complex, multi-tier applications. Qualified applicants must be detail-oriented, result-driven individuals who work well within collaborative teams.

Qualifications
Requirements and Experience:
1-3 years of hands-on experience with quality assurance
Experience with test automation tools (e.g. HP Quality Center, Quick Test Professional (QTP), WinRunner, Selenium) is desired
Understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and experience working in agile / iterative SDLC environments
Ability to excel in team-oriented environment
Ability to work independently and in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work effectively and collaboratively in a remote environment
Adherence to development standards, software development lifecycle processes
Constantly seeks ways to improve processes for increased agility and quality
Responsibilities:
Implement test plans within current guidelines by analyzing project requirement documents. Review project documentation for all assigned projects to ensure that the project requirements are clearly defined
Work with applications designed / developed with Java and Web Services
Prepare test plan documents and write test procedures
Design, develop, test, maintain and execute scripts across different test environments for consistency
Ability to execute test cases manually (if needed) based on business requirements
To fulfill this role, the individual applies appropriate technologies to meet the short- and long-term goals of the testing organization
Work with requirements teams to define test cases and maintain traceability
Report defects and escalate issues as needed
Work closely with software development team to reproduce and debug issues
Demonstrate ownership and accountability through self-directed task management
Motivated team player, with very strong analytical, diagnostic and debugging skills
Good oral communication and writing skills
Education:
Bachelor’s Degree from college or University
Additional Information
As part of our dedication to an inclusive and diverse workforce, Publicis Sapient is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, color, national origin, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or religion. We are also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hiring@publicissapient.com or you may call us at +1-617-621-0200."	2035	Washington
Software Development Engineer in Test	Two Six Technologies	Arlington County, VA	None	"Two Six Technologies is seeking an experienced Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) to work on an emerging cyberspace capability. The SDET will be primarily responsible for helping to develop and maintain automated end-to-end, integration, and performance tests.The SDET works closely with the development and field operations teams.

Responsibilities Include:
Performs software product testing and investigates possible causes of problems.
Develops functional, end-to-end, regression, and performance tests in automated test environments.
Detects and writes software bug reports and feature requests.
Understands, reproduces, troubleshoots product defects and works with developers to determine the best resolution.
Assists in the planning and implementation of testing new features.

Minimum Qualifications:
Minimum 3 years practical experience in software testing and Quality Assurance
Minimum of 3 years of experience with automated testing and frameworks: Selenium, Java, TestNG
Minimum of 1 year of experience using Git, Jenkins, and various Continuous Integration tools
Minimum of 1 year of experience with Linux OS

Nice to Have:
Familiarity with JavaScript and/or Python, and basic debugging

Familiarity with other browser automation libraries: Cypress, Playwright, Puppeteer

Experience with basic database technologies and software
Solid grasp of technical writing and documentation in relation to software development
Strong communication skills and desire to work independently in a fast paced environment
Familiarity with Docker and technologies around scalable infrastructure such as Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, and AWS
Experience working on and refining software release processes, workflows, and schedules
Experience refining low-level testing scripts using Bash, NodeJS, etc.

Clearance/Citizenship:
Must be a US Citizen and wiling to undergo Secret Security investigation

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer . All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at Two Six Technologies without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, physical and mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, veteran, marital, pregnancy or citizenship status; or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law.

If you are interested in applying for employment with Two Six Technologies and require an accommodation, please contact Human Resources at Two Six Technologies by calling 703-543-9662 or sending an email to hr@twosixtech.com . Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations."	2035	Washington
